item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations you should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k. some of the information contained in this discussion and analysis or set forth elsewhere in this annual report, including information with respect to our plans and strategy for our business, includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. you should read the "risk factors" section of this annual report for a discussion of important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results described in or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in the following discussion and analysis.
overview iqvia is a leading global provider of advanced analytics, technology solutions and clinical research services to the life sciences industry. iqvia creates intelligent connections across all aspects of healthcare through its analytics, transformative technology, big data resources, extensive domain expertise and network of partners. iqvia connected intelligence delivers actionable insights and powerful solutions with speed and agility - enabling customers to accelerate the clinical development and commercialization of innovative medical treatments that improve healthcare outcomes for patients. with approximately 87,000 employees, we conduct operations in more than 100 countries.
we are managed through three reportable segments: technology & analytics solutions, research & development solutions and contract sales & medical solutions. technology & analytics solutions provides mission critical information, technology solutions and real world insights and services to our life science clients. research & development solutions, which primarily serves biopharmaceutical clients, provides outsourced clinical research and clinical trial services. contract sales & medical solutions provides health care provider (including contract sales) and patient engagement services to both biopharmaceutical clients and the broader healthcare market.
for a description of our service offerings within our segments, refer to part i, item 1, "business."
throughout 2023 we experienced strong demand and operational results for our research & development solutions offerings. our technology & analytics solutions offerings were relatively more impacted by a tougher macro environment, including more cautious spending by our clients on extended timelines than what we have experienced in the past. we experienced growth in certain technology & analytics solutions offerings, such as multi-channel marketing and real world solutions. our targeted productivity initiatives contributed to overall net income and earnings per share growth, and we ended the year with our highest ever remaining performance obligations of approximately $31.7 billion as of december 31, 2023.
while we experienced a decline in covid-19 related work in 2023 versus 2022, overall covid-19 related work was not material to operations. as of december 31, 2023, covid-19 related work did not represent a material amount of our remaining performance obligations.
we continue to maintain strong liquidity. as of december 31, 2023, cash and cash equivalents were $1,376 million and we had $100 million drawn under our $2,000 million revolving credit facility. as of december 31, 2023, we were in compliance with the financial covenants under our debt agreements in all material respects and do not have material uncertainty about ongoing ability to meet the covenants of our credit arrangements.
industry outlook for information about the industry outlook and markets that we operate in, refer to part i, item i, "our market opportunity."
business combinations we have completed and will continue to consider strategic business combinations to enhance our capabilities and offerings in certain areas, including various individually immaterial acquisitions during the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022. these transactions were accounted for as business combinations and the acquired results of operations are included in our consolidated financial information since their respective closing dates. see note 14 to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k for additional information with respect to these business combinations.
sources of revenues total revenues are comprised of revenues from the provision of our services. we do not have any material product revenues.
costs and expenses our costs and expenses are comprised primarily of our cost of revenues including reimbursed expenses and selling, general and administrative expenses. cost of revenues includes compensation and benefits for billable employees and personnel involved in production, trial monitoring, data management and delivery, and the costs of acquiring and processing data for our information offerings; costs of staff directly involved with delivering technology-related services offerings and engagements, related accommodations and the costs of data purchased specifically for technology services engagements; and other expenses directly related to service contracts such as courier fees, laboratory supplies, professional services and travel expenses. reimbursed expenses, which are included in cost of revenues, are comprised principally of payments to investigators who oversee clinical trials and travel expenses for our clinical monitors and sales representatives. selling, general and administrative expenses include costs related to sales, marketing and administrative functions (including human resources, legal, finance, quality assurance, compliance and general management) for compensation and benefits, travel, professional services, training and expenses for information technology and facilities. we also incur costs and expenses associated with depreciation and amortization.
foreign currency translation in 2023, approximately 30% of our revenues were denominated in currencies other than the united states dollar, which represents approximately 60 currencies. because a large portion of our revenues and expenses are denominated in foreign currencies and our financial statements are reported in united states dollars, changes in foreign currency exchange rates can significantly affect our results of operations. the revenues and expenses of our foreign operations are generally denominated in local currencies and translated into united states dollars for financial reporting purposes. accordingly, exchange rate fluctuations will affect the translation of foreign results into united states dollars for purposes of reporting our consolidated results. as a result, we believe that reporting results of operations that exclude the effects of foreign currency rate fluctuations on certain financial results can facilitate analysis of period to period comparisons. this constant currency information assumes the same foreign currency exchange rates that were in effect for the comparable prior-year period were used in translation of the current period results. as such, the differences noted below between reported results of operations and constant currency information is wholly attributable to the effects of foreign currency rate fluctuations.
consolidated results of operations for information regarding our results of operations for our technology & analytics solutions, research & development solutions and contract sales & medical solutions segments, refer to "segment results of operations" later in this section.
for a discussion of our results of operations comparison for 2022 and 2021, refer to our annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2022 filed on february 15, 2023.
revenues year ended december 31,               change
in 2023, our revenues increased $574 million, or 4.0%, as compared to 2022. this increase was comprised of constant currency revenue growth of approximately $596 million, or 4.1%, reflecting a $121 million increase in technology & analytics solutions, a $477 million increase in research & development solutions, and a $2 million decrease in contract sales & medical solutions.
cost of revenues, exclusive of depreciation and amortization year ended december 31,
cost of revenues, exclusive of depreciation and amortization                     $9,745                      $9,382                      $9,233
% of revenues                                                                      65.0   %                    65.1   %                    66.5   %
when compared to 2022, cost of revenues, exclusive of depreciation and amortization increased $363 million in 2023, or 3.9%. this increase included a constant currency increase of approximately $550 million, or 5.9%, comprised of a $163 million increase in technology & analytics solutions, a $393 million increase in research & development solutions, and a $6 million decrease in contract sales & medical solutions.
as a percentage of revenues, cost of revenues, exclusive of depreciation and amortization in 2023 remained relatively consistent with 2022.
% of revenues                                                    13.7   %                    14.4   %                    14.2   %
the $18 million decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses in 2023 as compared to 2022 included a constant currency increase of approximately $8 million, or 0.4%, comprised of a $40 million increase in technology & analytics solutions, a $30 million increase in research & development solutions, offset by a $4 million decrease in contract sales & medical solutions and a $58 million decrease in general corporate and unallocated expenses.
% of revenues                                      7.5   %                     7.8   %                     9.1   %
the $5 million decrease in depreciation and amortization in 2023 as compared to 2022 was primarily the result of less amortization from certain intangible assets from the merger between quintiles and ims health, offset by an increase in amortization of capitalized software and of intangible assets from acquisitions occurring in 2022 and 2023.
the restructuring costs incurred were due to ongoing efforts to streamline our global operations and reduce overcapacity to adapt to changing market conditions and integrate acquisitions. these restructuring actions are expected to occur throughout 2024 and are expected to consist of consolidating functional activities, eliminating redundant positions, and aligning resources with customer requirements.
interest income included interest received primarily from bank balances and investments. the increase is primarily a result of higher deposit rates.
loss on extinguishment of debt year ended december 31,
loss on extinguishment of debt                     $6                   $-                        $26
in 2023, we recognized a loss on extinguishment of debt of $6 million for fees and expenses incurred related to the refinancing of our credit agreement as discussed further in note 10 to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k.
other (income) expense, net for 2023 increased compared to 2022 primarily due to foreign currency gain on transactions, and to a lesser extent from revaluations of contingent consideration and gains on investments.
in 2023, we completed an internal legal entity restructuring that resulted in a benefit of $125 million. historically, we recorded deferred tax assets related to certain foreign tax credits, and a full valuation allowance in relation to these foreign tax credits was established as it was not expected the credits would be utilized prior to expiration. we now believe it is reasonably possible that these foreign tax credits will be utilized and therefore we recorded a tax benefit of $64 million related to the valuation allowance release and establishing related uncertain tax positions. additionally, due to the restructuring we also reversed a deferred tax liability of $61 million due to a basis difference that was recovered in a tax-free manner. the effective tax rate was also favorably impacted by a reversal of uncertain tax positions relating to tax credit carryforwards in the amount of $21 million due to an audit settlement. lastly, the effective tax rate was also impacted by changes in the geographical mix of earnings amongst foreign tax jurisdictions as well as state and local tax rates.
in 2022, we recorded a benefit of $6 million related to a 2021 u.s. federal tax return position associated with foreign derived intangible income ("fdii") and global intangible low-taxed income ("gilti") tax credits. in addition, our effective tax rate was impacted by changes in the geographical mix of earnings amongst foreign tax jurisdictions as well as state and local tax rates.
equity in (losses) earnings of unconsolidated affiliates year ended december 31,
equity in (losses) earnings of unconsolidated affiliates                $-                      $(12)                        $6
equity in (losses) earnings of unconsolidated affiliates decreased in 2023 compared to 2022 due to the results in the operations of our unconsolidated affiliates.
segment results of operations revenues and profit by segment are as follows:
segment revenues                                                          segment profit
research &amp; development solutions                      8,395                       7,921                       7,556                    1,915                   1,695                   1,476
certain costs are not allocated to our segments and are reported as general corporate and unallocated expenses. these costs primarily consist of stock-based compensation and expenses related to integration activities and acquisitions. we also do not allocate restructuring costs, depreciation and amortization, or impairment charges, if any, to our segments.
technology & analytics solutions year ended december 31,                                                                                           change
cost of revenues, exclusive of depreciation and amortization                      3,496                       3,348                       3,278                    148                            4.4                 70                         2.1
segment profit                                                                   $1,490                      $1,550                      $1,458                  $(60)                         (3.9)%                $92                        6.3%
technology & analytics solutions' revenues were $5,862 million in 2023, an increase of $116 million, or 2.0%, over 2022. this increase was comprised of constant currency revenue growth of approximately $121 million, or 2.1%, reflecting revenue growth primarily in the americas region and to a lesser extent in the asia-pacific region. the constant currency revenue growth was primarily driven by an increase in information and technology services and by a lesser extent in real world services. the constant currency revenue growth was impacted by a decrease in covid-19 related work.
cost of revenues, exclusive of depreciation and amortization
technology & analytics solutions' cost of revenues, exclusive of depreciation and amortization, increased $148 million, or 4.4%, in 2023 as compared to 2022. this increase included a constant currency increase of approximately $163 million, or 4.9%, reflecting an increase in costs of acquiring and processing data and an increase in compensation and related expenses to support revenue growth.
technology & analytics solutions' selling, general and administrative expenses increased $28 million, or 3.3%, in 2023 as compared to 2022. this increase included a constant currency increase of approximately $40 million, or 4.7%, reflecting an increase in compensation and related expenses.
research & development solutions year ended december 31,                                                                                        change
cost of revenues, exclusive of depreciation and amortization                      5,629                       5,395                       5,303                    234                         4.3                 92                         1.7
segment profit                                                                   $1,915                      $1,695                      $1,476                   $220                       13.0%               $219                       14.8%
backlog research & development solutions' contracted backlog increased from $27.2 billion as of december 31, 2022 to $29.7 billion as of december 31, 2023 and we expect approximately $7.5 billion of this backlog to convert to revenues in the next 12 months. contracted backlog was $24.8 billion as of december 31, 2021.
backlog represents, at a particular point in time, future revenues from work not yet completed or performed under signed contracts. once work begins on a project, revenues are recognized over the duration of the project.
we believe that backlog is an indicator of future revenues but the timing of revenues will be affected by a number of factors, including the variable size and duration of projects, many of which are performed over several years, cancellations, and changes to the scope of work during the course of projects. projects that have been delayed remain in backlog, but the timing of the revenues generated may differ from the timing originally expected. additionally, projects may be terminated or delayed by the customer or delayed by regulatory authorities. in the event that a client cancels a contract, we typically would be entitled to receive payment for all services performed up to the cancellation date and subsequent client-authorized services related to winding down the canceled project. for more details regarding risks related to our backlog, see part i, item ia, "risk factors-risks related to our business-the relationship of backlog to revenues varies over time."
research & development solutions' revenues were $8,395 million in 2023, an increase of $474 million, or 6.0%, over 2022. this increase was comprised of constant currency revenue growth of approximately $477 million, or 6.0%, reflecting revenue growth primarily in the americas region and to a lesser extent in the europe and africa and asia-pacific regions. the constant currency revenue growth was primarily the result of volume-related increases in clinical services and to a lesser extent from volume-related increases in lab testing. the constant currency revenue growth was impacted by a decrease in covid-19 related work.
cost of revenues, exclusive of depreciation and amortization
research & development solutions' cost of revenues, exclusive of depreciation and amortization, increased $234 million, or 4.3%, in 2023 as compared to 2022. this increase included a constant currency increase of approximately $393 million, or 7.3%, reflecting primarily an increase in compensation and related expenses and to a lesser extent an increase in other direct costs as a result of volume-related increases in clinical services and lab testing.
research & development solutions' selling, general and administrative expenses increased $20 million, or 2.4%, in 2023 as compared to 2022. this increase included a constant currency increase of approximately $30 million, or 3.6%, reflecting an increase in compensation and related expenses.
contract sales & medical solutions year ended december 31,                                                                                     change
cost of revenues, exclusive of depreciation and amortization                      620                       639                       652          (19)                          (3.0)            (13)                             (2.0)
segment profit                                                                    $49                       $42                       $75            $7                          16.7%            $(33)                          (44.0)%
contract sales & medical solutions' revenues were $727 million in 2023, a decrease of $16 million, or 2.2%, over 2022. this decrease included a constant currency revenue decrease of approximately $2 million, or 0.3%.
cost of revenues, exclusive of depreciation and amortization
contract sales & medical solutions' cost of revenues, exclusive of depreciation and amortization, decreased $19 million, or 3.0%, in 2023 as compared to 2022. this decrease included a constant currency decrease of approximately $6 million, or 0.9%.
contract sales & medical solutions' selling, general and administrative expenses decreased $4 million, or 6.5%, in 2023 as compared to 2022. this decrease included a constant currency decrease of approximately $4 million, or 6.5%.
liquidity and capital resources overview we assess our liquidity in terms of our ability to generate cash to fund our operating, investing and financing activities. our principal source of liquidity is operating cash flows. in addition to operating cash flows, other significant factors that affect our overall management of liquidity include: capital expenditures, acquisitions, investments, debt service requirements, equity repurchases, adequacy of our revolving credit and receivables financing facilities, and access to the capital markets.
we manage our worldwide cash requirements by monitoring the funds available among our subsidiaries and determining the extent to which those funds can be accessed on a cost-effective basis. the repatriation of cash balances from certain of our subsidiaries could have adverse tax consequences; however, those balances are generally available without legal restrictions to fund ordinary business operations. we have and expect to transfer cash from those subsidiaries to the united states and to other international subsidiaries when it is cost effective to do so.
we had a cash balance of $1,376 million as of december 31, 2023 ($471 million of which was in the united states), an increase from $1,216 million as of december 31, 2022.
based on our current operating plan, we believe that our available cash and cash equivalents, future cash flows from operations and our ability to access funds under our revolving credit and receivables financing facilities will enable us to fund our operating requirements, capital expenditures, contractual obligations, and meet debt obligations for at least the next 12 months. we regularly evaluate our debt arrangements, as well as market conditions, and from time to time we may explore opportunities to modify our existing debt arrangements or pursue additional financing arrangements that could result in the issuance of new debt securities by us or our affiliates. we may use our existing cash, cash generated from operations or dispositions of assets or businesses and/or proceeds from any new financing arrangements or issuances of debt or equity securities to repay or reduce some of our outstanding obligations, to repurchase shares from our stockholders or for other purposes. as part of our ongoing business strategy, we also continually evaluate new acquisition, expansion and investment possibilities or other strategic growth opportunities, as well as potential dispositions of assets or businesses, as appropriate, including dispositions that may cause us to recognize a loss on certain assets. should we elect to pursue any such transaction, we may seek to obtain debt or equity financing to facilitate those activities. our ability to enter into any such potential transactions and our use of cash or proceeds is limited to varying degrees by the terms and restrictions contained in our existing debt arrangements. we cannot provide assurances that we will be able to complete any such financing arrangements or other transactions on favorable terms or at all.
equity repurchase program on july 31, 2023, our board of directors increased the stock repurchase authorization under the repurchase program with respect to the repurchase of our common stock by an additional $2,000 million, which increased the total amount that has been authorized under the repurchase program to $11,725 million. the repurchase program does not obligate us to repurchase any particular amount of common stock, and it may be modified, extended, suspended or discontinued at any time.
as of december 31, 2023, we had remaining authorization to repurchase up to $2,363 million of our common stock under the repurchase program. in addition, from time to time, we have repurchased and may continue to repurchase common stock through private or other transactions outside of the repurchase program.
additional information regarding the repurchase program is presented in part ii, item 5 "market for registrant's common equity, related stockholder matters and issuer purchases of equity securities" and note 13 to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k.
debt as of december 31, 2023, we had $13,752 million of total indebtedness, excluding $1,900 million of additional available borrowings under our revolving credit facility. see note 10 to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k for additional details regarding our credit arrangements.
our long-term debt arrangements contain customary restrictive covenants and, as of december 31, 2023, we believe we were in compliance with our restrictive covenants in all material respects.
senior secured credit facilities on november 28, 2023, we entered into an amendment (the "amendment") to our fifth amended and restated credit agreement (the "credit agreement"). pursuant to the amendment, we borrowed $1,500 million in incremental term b-4 dollar loans (as defined in the credit agreement) due january 2, 2031. the net proceeds from the term b-4 dollar loans were used to repay certain of the outstanding term loans due in 2024 and in 2025 under our senior secured credit facilities, and to pay fees and expenses related to the related to the amendment and the offering of 2029 senior secured notes (as defined below). in connection with this amendment, we recognized a $6 million loss on extinguishment of debt, which includes fees and expenses. in connection with the allocation of the term b-4 dollar loans, we entered into cross-currency swaps with a combined notional value of $1,500 million to effectively convert $1,500 million of the term b-4 dollar loans into euro-denominated borrowings at prevailing euro interest rates through january 2031. the effective net borrowing rate to us for these loans, inclusive of the yield on the loans and the beneficial impact of the cross-currency swaps and of the interest rate swaps entered on november 17, 2023 in connection with the allocation of the loans, is approximately 4.9015%.
on april 17, 2023, we increased the capacity of our senior secured revolving credit facility by $500 million u.s. dollars, bringing the total capacity of the revolving credit facility to $2,000 million. at the same time, we also amended the benchmark rate of our u.s. dollar revolving credit facility and the u.s. dollar term a loans from u.s. dollar libor to u.s. dollar term sofr plus a 10 basis point credit spread adjustment.
as of december 31, 2023, the credit agreement provided financing through several senior secured credit facilities (collectively, the "senior secured credit facilities") of up to approximately $6,808 million, which consisted of $4,908 million principal amounts of debt outstanding and $1,900 million of available borrowing capacity on the revolving credit facility and standby letters of credit, with a total capacity of $2,000 million. the revolving credit facility is comprised of a $1,175 million senior secured revolving facility available in u.s. dollars, a $600 million senior secured revolving facility available in u.s. dollars, euros, swiss francs and other foreign currencies, and a $225 million senior secured revolving facility available in u.s. dollars and yen. the term a loans and revolving credit facility under the credit agreement mature in august 2026, the additional term a loans mature june 2027, while the term b loans under the credit agreement mature in 2025 and 2031. we are required to make scheduled quarterly payments on the term a loans and the additional term a loans equal to 1.25% of the original principal amount, with the remaining balance paid at maturity. the term b-4 dollar loans require us to make scheduled quarterly payments equal to 0.25% of the original principal balance amount, with the remaining principal balance due at maturity. in addition, beginning with fiscal year ending december 31, 2017, we were required to apply 50% of excess cash flow (as defined in the credit agreement), subject to a reduction to 25% or 0% depending upon our senior secured first lien net leverage ratio, for prepayment of the term loans, with any such prepayment to be applied toward principal payments due in subsequent quarters. we are also required to pay an annual commitment fee that ranges from 0.20% to 0.35% in respect of any unused commitments under the revolving credit facility. the senior secured credit facilities are collateralized by substantially all of our assets and the assets of our material domestic subsidiaries including 100% of the equity interests of substantially all of our material domestic subsidiaries and 66% of the equity interests of substantially all of our first-tier material foreign subsidiaries and their domestic subsidiaries.
for information regarding the senior secured credit facilities, see note 10 to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k.
senior secured notes on november 28, 2023, we completed the issuance and sale of $1,250 million in gross proceeds of 6.250% senior secured notes due 2029 (the "2029 senior secured notes"). the net proceeds from the 2029 senior secured notes offering were used to repay certain of the outstanding term loans due in 2024 and in 2025 under our senior secured credit facilities, and to pay fees and expenses related to the 2029 senior secured notes offering and the amendment.
the 2029 senior secured notes are secured obligations, will mature on february 1, 2029, unless earlier repurchased or redeemed in accordance with their terms, and bear interest at the rate of 6.250% per year, with interest payable semi-annually on february 1 and august 1 of each year, beginning on february 1, 2024. we may redeem the 2029 senior secured notes prior to february 1, 2029 subject to a customary make-whole premium, and thereafter subject to a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount thereof plus accrued and unpaid interest. in connection with the pricing of the 2029 senior secured notes, we entered into cross-currency swaps with a combined notional value of $1,250 million to effectively convert $1,250 million of the 2029 senior secured notes into euro-denominated borrowings at prevailing euro interest rates through february 2029. the effective net borrowing rate to us is approximately 4.8555%, inclusive of the yield on the notes and the beneficial impact of the cross-currency swaps.
on may 23, 2023, we completed the issuance and sale of $750 million in gross proceeds of 5.700% senior secured notes due 2028 (the "2028 senior secured notes"). the net proceeds from the 2028 senior secured notes offering were used to repay existing borrowings under our revolving credit facility, and to pay fees and expenses related to the 2028 senior secured notes offering and offering of 2030 senior notes (as defined below). the 2028 senior secured notes are secured obligations, will mature on may 15, 2028, unless earlier repurchased or redeemed in accordance with their terms, and bear interest at the rate of 5.700% per year, with interest payable semi-annually on may 15 and november 15 of each year, beginning on november 15, 2023. we may redeem the 2028 senior secured notes prior to april 15, 2028 subject to a customary make-whole premium, and thereafter subject to a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount thereof plus accrued and unpaid interest.
the 2028 senior secured notes and 2029 senior secured notes have not been registered under the securities act of 1933, as amended (the "securities act"), or the securities laws of any other jurisdiction. in january 2024, we filed a registration statement with respect to an offer (the "exchange offer") to exchange the 2028 senior secured notes for an equal amount of $750 million aggregate principal amount of 5.700% senior secured notes due 2028 registered under the securities act (the "2028 registered notes") and the 2029 senior secured notes for an equal amount of $1,250 million aggregate principal amount of 6.250% senior secured notes due 2029 registered under the securities act (the "2029 registered notes"). the exchange offer commenced on january 26, 2024 and will expire on february 23, 2024, unless we extend the offer. the terms of the 2028 registered notes and the 2029 registered notes to be issued in the exchange offer are substantially identical in all material respects to the terms of the 2028 senior secured notes and 2029 senior secured notes, respectively, except that the registered notes will not be subject to restrictions on transfer or to any increase in the annual interest rate for failure to comply with the applicable registration rights agreement.
senior notes on may 23, 2023, we completed the issuance and sale of $500 million in gross proceeds of 6.500% senior notes due 2030 (the "2030 senior notes"). the net proceeds from the 2030 senior notes offering were used to repay existing borrowings under our revolving credit facility, and to pay fees and expenses related to the 2030 senior notes offering and 2028 senior secured notes offering. the 2030 senior notes are unsecured obligations, will mature on may 15, 2030, unless earlier repurchased or redeemed in accordance with their terms, and bear interest at the rate of 6.500% per year, with interest payable semi-annually on may 15 and november 15 of each year, beginning on november 15, 2023. we may redeem the 2030 senior notes prior to their final stated maturity, subject to a customary make-whole premium, at any time prior to may 15, 2026 (subject to a customary "equity claw" redemption right) and thereafter subject to a redemption premium declining from 3.250% to 0.000%.
for information regarding the senior secured notes and senior notes, see note 10 to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k.
receivables financing facility for information regarding the receivables financing facility, see note 10 to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k. as of december 31, 2023, no additional amounts of revolving loan commitments were available under the receivables financing facility.
cash flow from operating activities year ended december 31,
net cash provided by operating activities                   $2,149                      $2,260                      $2,942
cash provided by operating activities decreased $111 million in 2023 as compared to 2022. the decrease is primarily due to more cash used in accounts payable and accrued expenses ($160 million), less cash from unearned income ($60 million) and more cash used in income tax and other payables ($36 million), offset by an increase in cash-related net income ($85 million), more cash from accounts receivable and unbilled services ($33 million) and less cash used in prepaid expenses and other assets ($27 million).
cash used in investing activities decreased $403 million in 2023 as compared to 2022, primarily due to less cash used for the acquisition of businesses, net of cash acquired ($439 million) and acquisition of property, equipment, and software ($25 million), offset by more cash used for investments in debt and equity securities ($38 million), investments in unconsolidated affiliates ($19 million), purchases of marketable securities ($1 million) and less cash from other sources ($3 million).
cash used in financing activities increased $53 million in 2023 as compared to 2022, primarily due to more debt payments ($2,239 million), cash used in repayments of revolving credit facilities, net of proceeds ($650 million), and cash payments on contingent consideration and deferred purchase price accruals ($55 million), offset by more cash provided by proceeds from debt issuances, net of payment of debt issuance costs ($2,705 million), less cash used to repurchase common stock ($176 million) and less cash payments related to employee stock option plans ($10 million).
contingencies we are exposed to certain known contingencies that are material to our investors. the facts and circumstances surrounding these contingencies and a discussion of their effect on us are included in note 12 to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k. these contingencies may have a material effect on our liquidity, capital resources or results of operations. in addition, even where our accruals are adequate, the incurrence of any of these liabilities may have a material effect on our liquidity and the amount of cash available to us for other purposes.
we believe that we have made appropriate arrangements in respect of the future effect on us of these known contingencies. we also believe that the amount of cash available to us from our operations, together with cash from financing, will be sufficient for us to pay any known contingencies as they become due without materially affecting our ability to conduct our operations and invest in the growth of our business.
information about our guarantors and the issuer of our guaranteed securities the accompanying summarized financial information has been prepared and presented pursuant to rule 3-10 of regulation s-x, "financial statements of guarantors and issuers of guaranteed securities registered or being registered," and rule 13-01 of regulation s-x, "financial disclosures about guarantors and issuers of guaranteed securities and affiliates whose securities collateralized a registrant's securities." each of our current direct and indirect material u.s. wholly owned restricted subsidiaries (excluding iqvia solutions japan llc and iqvia services japan llc) (the "guarantor subsidiaries" and, together with iqvia holdings inc., the "guarantors"), have jointly and severally, irrevocably and unconditionally, on a senior secured basis, guaranteed the obligations under the 2028 senior secured notes and the 2029 senior secured notes (together, the "notes") issued by iqvia inc. (the "issuer").
the following presents the summarized financial information on a combined basis for iqvia holdings inc. (parent company), iqvia inc. (issuer of the guaranteed obligations) and the guarantor subsidiaries, which are collectively referred to as the "obligated group."
each guarantor subsidiary is consolidated by iqvia holdings inc. as of december 31, 2023 and december 31, 2022. refer to exhibit 22.1 to this annual report on form 10-k for the detailed list of entities included within the obligated group as of december 31, 2023 and december 31, 2022.
the guarantee of a guarantor subsidiary with respect to the notes will be automatically and unconditionally released and discharged and shall terminate and be of no further force and effect, and no further action by such guarantor subsidiary, the issuer, or u.s. bank trust company, national association, as trustee, be required upon the occurrence of any of the following:
a.any sale, exchange, issuance, disposition or transfer (by merger, amalgamation, consolidation or otherwise) of (i) the capital stock of such guarantor, after which the applicable guarantor is no longer a restricted subsidiary, or (ii) all or substantially all of the assets of such guarantor, in each case if such sale, exchange, issuance, disposition or transfer is made in compliance with the applicable provisions of this indenture;
b.the release or discharge of the guarantee by such guarantor of indebtedness under the senior secured term loan facilities and the senior secured revolving credit facilities under that certain fifth amended and restated credit agreement, or the release or discharge of such other guarantee that resulted in the creation of such guarantee, except, in each case, a discharge or release by or as a result of payment of such indebtedness or under such guarantee (it being understood that a release subject to a contingent reinstatement is still a release, and that if any such guarantee is so reinstated, such guarantee shall also be reinstated to the extent that such guarantor would then be required to provide a guarantee pursuant to section 4.11 of the indenture);
c.the designation of any restricted subsidiary that is a guarantor as an unrestricted subsidiary in compliance with the applicable provisions of the indenture;
d.the exercise by the issuer of its legal defeasance option or covenant defeasance option in accordance with article viii of the indenture or the discharge of the issuer's obligations under the indenture in accordance with the terms of this indenture;
e.the merger, amalgamation or consolidation of any guarantor with and into the issuer or a guarantor that is the surviving person in such merger, amalgamation or consolidation, or upon the liquidation of a guarantor following the transfer of all or substantially all of its assets, in each case in a transaction that complies with the applicable provisions of this indenture; or f.as described in article ix of the indenture.
summarized combined financial information of the issuer and guarantors:
each entity in the summarized combined financial information follows the same accounting policies as described in the consolidated financial statements, see note 1 to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k. information for the non-guarantor subsidiaries has been excluded from the combined summarized financial information of the obligated group. the accompanying summarized combined financial information does not reflect investments of the obligated group in non-guarantor subsidiaries. the financial information of the obligated group is presented on a combined basis; intercompany balances and transactions within the obligated group have been eliminated. the obligated group's amounts due from and amounts due to non-guarantor subsidiaries and related parties have been presented in separate line items.
the following table contains summarized combined financial information from the statements of unaudited condensed consolidated financial position of the obligated group as of:
the following table contains summarized combined financial information from the statements of unaudited condensed consolidated operations of the obligated group:
off-balance sheet arrangements we do not have any material off-balance sheet arrangements.
contractual obligations and commitments below is a summary of our future payment commitments by year under contractual obligations as of december 31, 2023:
operating leases                                                  117                     151                         60                         31                        359
benefit obligations (4)                                            31                      29                         32                         90                        182
(1)    interest payments on our debt are based on the interest rates in effect as of december 31, 2023.
(2)    purchase obligations are defined as agreements to purchase goods or services that are enforceable and legally binding and that specify all significant terms, including fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased, fixed, minimum or variable pricing provisions and the approximate timing of the transactions.
(3)    we are currently committed to invest $463 million in private equity funds. as of december 31, 2023, we have funded approximately $170 million of these commitments and we have approximately $293 million remaining to be funded which has not been included in the above table as we are unable to predict when these commitments will be paid.
(4)    amounts represent expected future benefit payments for our pension and postretirement benefit plans, as well as expected contributions for 2024 for our funded pension benefit plans. we made cash contributions totaling approximately $29 million to our defined benefit plans in 2023, and we estimate that we will make contributions totaling approximately $31 million to our defined benefit plans in 2024. due to the potential impact of future plan investment performance, changes in interest rates, changes in other economic and demographic assumptions and changes in legislation in foreign jurisdictions, we are not able to reasonably estimate the timing and amount of contributions that may be required to fund our defined benefit plans for periods beyond 2024.
(5)    as of december 31, 2023, our liability related to uncertain income tax positions was approximately $152 million, $98 million of which has not been included in the above table as we are unable to predict when these liabilities will be paid due to the uncertainties in the timing of the settlement of the income tax positions.
application of critical accounting policies and estimates note 1 to the audited consolidated financial statements provided elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k describes the significant accounting policies used in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements. the preparation of our consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, as well as the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the period. our estimates are based on historical experience and various other assumptions we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. we evaluate our estimates on an ongoing basis and make changes to the estimates and related disclosures as experience develops or new information becomes known. actual results may differ from those estimates.
we believe the following critical accounting policies affect our more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements.
revenue recognition the majority of our contracts within the research & development solutions segment are service contracts for clinical research that represent a single performance obligation. we provide a significant integration service resulting in a combined output, which is clinical trial data that meets the relevant regulatory standards and can be used by the customer to progress to the next phase of a clinical trial or solicit approval of a treatment by the applicable regulatory body. the performance obligation is satisfied over time as the output is captured in data and documentation that is available for the customer to consume over the course of the arrangement and furthers progress of the clinical trial. we recognize revenues over time using a cost-based input method since there is no single output measure that would fairly depict the transfer of control over the life of the performance obligation. progress on the performance obligation is measured by the proportion of actual costs incurred to the total costs expected to complete the contract. costs included in the measure of progress include direct labor and third-party costs (such as payments to investigators and other reimbursed expenses for our clinical monitors). this cost-based method of revenue recognition requires us to make estimates of costs to complete our projects on an ongoing basis. significant judgment is required to evaluate assumptions related to these estimates. the effect of revisions to estimates related to the transaction price or costs to complete a project are recorded in the period in which the estimate is revised. most contracts may be terminated upon 30 to 90 days' notice by the customer; however, in the event of termination, most contracts require payment for services rendered through the date of termination, as well as for subsequent services rendered to close out the contract. a hypothetical increase of one percent in the estimated costs to complete these service contracts as of december 31, 2023 could have resulted in approximately a one percent reduction in total revenues for the year ended december 31, 2023, whereas, a hypothetical decrease of one percent could have resulted in a one percent increase in total revenues.
income taxes the provision for income taxes includes federal, state, local and foreign taxes. income taxes are accounted for under the asset and liability method. deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences of temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts and their respective tax bases. deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the year in which the temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. we record u.s. deferred taxes based on the federal corporate income tax rate of 21%, we account for tax related to gilti as a period cost when incurred. recognition of deferred income tax assets is based on management's belief that it is more likely than not that the income tax benefit associated with certain temporary differences, income tax operating loss, capital loss carryforwards, and income tax credits, will be realized. we recorded a valuation allowance to reduce our deferred income tax assets for those deferred income tax items for which it was more likely than not that realization would not occur. we determined the amount of the valuation allowance based, in part, on our assessment of future taxable income and in light of our ongoing income tax strategies. if our estimate of future taxable income or tax strategies changes at any time in the future, we would record an adjustment to our valuation allowance. recording such an adjustment could have a material effect on our financial condition or results of operations.
income tax expense is based on the distribution of profit before income tax among the various taxing jurisdictions in which we operate, adjusted as required by the income tax laws of each taxing jurisdiction. changes in the distribution of profits and losses among taxing jurisdictions may have a significant impact on our effective income tax rate. we do not consider the undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries to be indefinitely reinvested outside of the united states.
business combinations and goodwill we use the acquisition method to account for business combinations, and accordingly, the identifiable assets acquired, the liabilities assumed and any non-controlling interests in the acquiree are recorded at their estimated fair values on the date of the acquisition. we use significant judgments, estimates and assumptions in determining the estimated fair value of assets acquired, liabilities assumed and non-controlling interests including expected future cash flows and discount rates that reflect the risk associated with the expected future cash flows and estimated useful lives.
we have recorded and allocated to our reporting units the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net assets acquired, known as goodwill. the recoverability of goodwill is evaluated annually for impairment, or if and when events or circumstances indicate a possible impairment. we perform our annual goodwill impairment evaluation as of july 31.
for the year ended december 31, 2023, we elected to perform a quantitative impairment evaluation for each of our reporting units. we estimated the fair value of each reporting by weighting results of the income and market approaches, with greater weight given to the income approach. significant estimates used in the income approach include estimates of future revenues, ebitda, cash flows, long-term growth rates, tax rates, and discount rates. the selected discount rates consider the risk and nature of the respective reporting unit's cash flows, and the rates of return a market participant would expect to earn by investing in our reporting units. the market approach uses information about the company as well as other publicly traded guideline companies, including revenue and ebitda-related multiples and estimates of control premiums. as part of the quantitative impairment evaluation, we compared the fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying value. if results of the evaluation indicate the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, an impairment charge would be recorded by calculating the implied fair value of the reporting unit goodwill as compared to its carrying amount.
for the year ended december 31, 2022, we performed a qualitative impairment evaluation. the qualitative evaluation requires significant judgments, estimates and assumptions, including those related to macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, cost factors, financial performance, fair value history and other company specific events.
for the years ended december 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, we determined that there was no impairment of goodwill.
we review the carrying values of other identifiable intangible assets if the facts and circumstances indicate a possible impairment. any future impairment could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations.
stock-based compensation we measure compensation cost for stock-based payment awards (stock options and stock appreciation rights) granted to employees and non-employee directors at fair value using the black-scholes-merton option-pricing model. stock-based compensation expense includes stock-based awards granted to employees and non-employee directors and has been reported in selling, general and administrative expenses in our consolidated statements of income based upon the classification of the individuals who were granted stock-based awards.
the black-scholes-merton option-pricing model requires the use of subjective assumptions, including share price volatility, the expected life of the award, risk-free interest rate and the fair value of the underlying common shares on the date of grant. in developing our assumptions, we take into account the following:
we calculate expected volatility based on an analysis of the historical volatility of our stock since the merger in october 2016 and reported data for selected reasonably similar publicly traded companies for which the historical information is available;
we determine the risk-free interest rate by reference to implied yields available from united states treasury securities with a remaining term equal to the expected life assumed at the date of grant;
we estimate the dividend yield to be zero as we do not currently anticipate paying any future dividends;
we estimate the average expected life of the award based on our historical experience; and
we estimate forfeitures based on our historical analysis of actual forfeitures.
we account for our stock-based compensation for performance awards related to compound annual earnings per share ("eps") growth over a three year period based on the closing market price of our common stock on the date of grant, and for performance awards related to relative total shareholder return ("tsr") based on a monte carlo simulation model. we record the expense amount of the eps awards based on our estimates of the likelihood that the various performance targets will be achieved. the estimates are assessed on a quarterly basis. for the tsr awards we record the expense amount evenly over the service period.
pensions and other postretirement benefits we provide retirement benefits to certain employees, including defined benefit pension plans. the determination of benefit obligations and expense is based on actuarial models. in order to measure benefit costs and obligations using these models, critical assumptions are made with regard to the discount rate, expected return on plan assets, cash balance crediting rate, lump sum conversion rate and the assumed rate of compensation increases.
recently issued accounting standards information relating to recently issued accounting standards is included in note 1 to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k.