item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations kellanova and subsidiaries results of operations business overview the following management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (md&a) is intended to help the reader understand kellanova, our operations and our present business environment. md&a is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with, our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes thereto contained in item 8 of this report.
for more than 115 years, consumers have counted on kellanova for great-tasting, high-quality and nutritious foods. these foods include snacks, such as crackers, savory snacks, toaster pastries, cereal bars and bites; and convenience foods, such as ready-to-eat cereals, frozen waffles, veggie foods and noodles. kellanova products are manufactured and marketed globally. our md&a references consumption and net sales in discussing our sales trends for certain categories and brands. we record net sales upon delivery of shipments to our customers. consumption and share data noted within is based on nielsen x-aoc or other comparable source, for the applicable period. consumption refers to consumer purchases of our products from our customers. unless otherwise noted, consumption and shipment trends are materially consistent.
separation transaction on june 21, 2022, the company announced its intent to separate its north american cereal business, via tax-free spin-off. the transaction was completed on october 2, 2023, resulting in two independent public companies, kellanova and wk kellogg co.
in accordance with applicable accounting guidance, the results of wk kellogg co are presented as discontinued operations in the kellanova consolidated statement of income and, as such, have been excluded from both continuing operations and segment results for all periods presented. the recast operating profit includes certain costs that are reported in continuing operations but relate to items that will be reimbursed by the transition services agreement ("tsa") with wk kellogg co. we expect that the costs for such services will be fully reimbursed under the tsa for the applicable future periods. following the end of the tsa period, we expect that such costs will no longer be incurred by kellanova.
further, the company reclassified the assets and liabilities of wk kellogg co as assets and liabilities of discontinued operations in the consolidated balance sheet as of december 31, 2022. the consolidated statements of cash flows are presented on a consolidated basis for both continuing operations and discontinued operations.
nigerian naira during the second quarter of 2023, the nigerian government removed certain currency restrictions over the nigerian naira leading to a significant decline in the exchange rate of the naira to the u.s. dollar on the official market in nigeria. as a result of this decline in the exchange rate, the u.s. dollar value of the assets, liabilities, expenses and revenues of our nigerian business in our consolidated financial statements has decreased significantly compared to prior periods. the consolidated assets of our nigerian business represented approximately 5% of our consolidated assets as of december 30, 2023, compared to 8% as of december 31, 2022. net sales of our nigerian business were 8% of our consolidated net sales for the year ended december 30, 2023 but could become a smaller percentage of our overall sales if exchange rates as of the end of the year persist or decline further in 2024.
in addition to our consolidated nigerian business, the company also has an investment in an unconsolidated entity, tolaram africa foods pte ltd (taf), that holds an investment in a nigerian food manufacturer. this investment is accounted for under the equity method of accounting and is evaluated for indicators of other than temporary impairment. during 2023, the company recorded significant foreign currency translation adjustments related to its investment in taf due to the devaluation of the nigerian naira. the company, following its accounting practice of recording the operations of its subsidiary, taf, on a one-month lag basis has recognized these adjustments based on the foreign currency exchange rates as of the end of november 2023. the aggregate effect of these adjustments for the year resulted in translation losses of approximately $141 million, which have been recognized in other comprehensive income.
war in ukraine the war in ukraine and the related sanctions imposed have increased global economic and geopolitical uncertainty. in march 2022, we suspended all new investments and shipments of all products to russia. we have no employees or direct operations in ukraine. our business in russia consisted of three manufacturing facilities.
in december 2022 the company entered into an agreement to sell our russian business to a third party, pending a number of local government regulatory approvals. in july 2023 the company completed the sale of the russian business. as a result of completing the transaction, the company derecognized net assets of approximately $65 million and recorded a non-cash loss on the transaction of approximately $113 million, primarily related to the release of historical currency translation adjustments. the business was part of the europe reportable segment and the sale resulted in a complete exit from the russian market. the business in russia represented approximately 1% of consolidated kellanova net sales.
impacts of the war to our net sales, earnings, and cash flows extends beyond our business in russia. regional or global economic recessions, inflation, and supply chain challenges as a result of the war or further escalation could have a material impact on our results.
inflationary pressures geopolitical instability, including wars and conflicts (including conflicts in ukraine and the middle east), as well as other global events have resulted in certain impacts to the global economy, including market disruptions, supply chain challenges, and inflationary pressures. during the year ended december 30, 2023 we continued to experience elevated commodity and supply chain costs, including procurement and manufacturing costs, although certain supply chain challenges have eased. we continue to mitigate the dollar impact of this input cost inflation through the execution of productivity initiatives and revenue growth management actions. additionally, from time to time we may enter into a combination of fixed price contracts with suppliers and commodity derivative instruments to manage the impact of volatility in the price of raw materials. we continue to expect input cost inflation to be flat during 2024.