item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations ("md&a") is intended to help the reader understand the results of operations and financial condition of microsoft corporation. md&a is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with, our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes to financial statements (part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k). this section generally discusses the results of our operations for the year ended june 30, 2023 compared to the year ended june 30, 2022. for a discussion of the year ended june 30, 2022 compared to the year ended june 30, 2021, please refer to part ii, item 7, "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended june 30, 2022.
overview microsoft is a technology company whose mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. we strive to create local opportunity, growth, and impact in every country around the world. we are creating the platforms and tools, powered by artificial intelligence ("ai"), that deliver better, faster, and more effective solutions to support small and large business competitiveness, improve educational and health outcomes, grow public-sector efficiency, and empower human ingenuity.
we generate revenue by offering a wide range of cloud-based solutions, content, and other services to people and businesses; licensing and supporting an array of software products; delivering relevant online advertising to a global audience; and designing and selling devices. our most significant expenses are related to compensating employees; supporting and investing in our cloud-based services, including datacenter operations; designing, manufacturing, marketing, and selling our other products and services; and income taxes.
•microsoft cloud revenue increased 22% to $111.6 billion.
•office commercial products and cloud services revenue increased 10% driven by office 365 commercial growth of 13%.
•office consumer products and cloud services revenue increased 2% and microsoft 365 consumer subscribers increased to 67.0 million.
•dynamics products and cloud services revenue increased 16% driven by dynamics 365 growth of 24%.
•server products and cloud services revenue increased 19% driven by azure and other cloud services growth of 29%.
•windows commercial products and cloud services revenue increased 5%.
•xbox content and services revenue decreased 3%.
industry trends our industry is dynamic and highly competitive, with frequent changes in both technologies and business models. each industry shift is an opportunity to conceive new products, new technologies, or new ideas that can further transform the industry and our business. at microsoft, we push the boundaries of what is possible through a broad range of research and development activities that seek to identify and address the changing demands of customers and users, industry trends, and competitive forces.
economic conditions, challenges, and risks the markets for software, devices, and cloud-based services are dynamic and highly competitive. our competitors are developing new software and devices, while also deploying competing cloud-based services for consumers and businesses. the devices and form factors customers prefer evolve rapidly, influencing how users access services in the cloud and, in some cases, the user's choice of which suite of cloud-based services to use. aggregate demand for our software, services, and devices is also correlated to global macroeconomic and geopolitical factors, which remain dynamic. we must continue to evolve and adapt over an extended time in pace with this changing environment.
the investments we are making in cloud and ai infrastructure and devices will continue to increase our operating costs and may decrease our operating margins. we continue to identify and evaluate opportunities to expand our datacenter locations and increase our server capacity to meet the evolving needs of our customers, particularly given the growing demand for ai services. our datacenters depend on the availability of permitted and buildable land, predictable energy, networking supplies, and servers, including graphics processing units ("gpus") and other components. our devices are primarily manufactured by third-party contract manufacturers. for the majority of our products, we have the ability to use other manufacturers if a current vendor becomes unavailable or unable to meet our requirements. however, some of our products contain certain components for which there are very few qualified suppliers. extended disruptions at these suppliers could impact our ability to manufacture devices on time to meet consumer demand.
our success is highly dependent on our ability to attract and retain qualified employees. we hire a mix of university and industry talent worldwide. we compete for talented individuals globally by offering an exceptional working environment, broad customer reach, scale in resources, the ability to grow one's career across many different products and businesses, and competitive compensation and benefits.
our international operations provide a significant portion of our total revenue and expenses. many of these revenue and expenses are denominated in currencies other than the u.s. dollar. as a result, changes in foreign exchange rates may significantly affect revenue and expenses. fluctuations in the u.s. dollar relative to certain foreign currencies reduced reported revenue and expenses from our international operations in fiscal year 2023.
on january 18, 2023, we announced decisions we made to align our cost structure with our revenue and customer demand, prioritize our investments in strategic areas, and consolidate office space. as a result, we recorded a $1.2 billion charge in the second quarter of fiscal year 2023 ("q2 charge"), which included employee severance expenses of $800 million, impairment charges resulting from changes to our hardware portfolio, and costs related to lease consolidation activities. first, we reduced our overall workforce by approximately 10,000 jobs through the third quarter of fiscal year 2023 related to the q2 charge, which represents less than 5% of our total employee base. while we eliminated roles in some areas, we will continue to hire in key strategic areas. second, we are allocating both our capital and talent to areas of secular growth and long-term competitiveness, while divesting in other areas. third, we are consolidating our leases to create higher density across our workspaces, which impacted our financial results through the remainder of fiscal year 2023, and we may make similar decisions in future periods as we continue to evaluate our real estate needs.
refer to risk factors (part i, item 1a of this form 10-k) for a discussion of these factors and other risks.
seasonality our revenue fluctuates quarterly and is generally higher in the second and fourth quarters of our fiscal year. second quarter revenue is driven by corporate year-end spending trends in our major markets and holiday season spending by consumers, and fourth quarter revenue is driven by the volume of multi-year on-premises contracts executed during the period.
change in accounting estimate in july 2022, we completed an assessment of the useful lives of our server and network equipment. due to investments in software that increased efficiencies in how we operate our server and network equipment, as well as advances in technology, we determined we should increase the estimated useful lives of both server and network equipment from four years to six years. this change in accounting estimate was effective beginning fiscal year 2023. based on the carrying amount of server and network equipment included in property and equipment, net as of june 30, 2022, the effect of this change in estimate for fiscal year 2023 was an increase in operating income of $3.7 billion and net income of $3.0 billion, or $0.40 per both basic and diluted share.
reportable segments we report our financial performance based on the following segments: productivity and business processes, intelligent cloud, and more personal computing. the segment amounts included in md&a are presented on a basis consistent with our internal management reporting. we have recast certain prior period amounts to conform to the way we internally manage and monitor our business.
additional information on our reportable segments is contained in note 19 - segment information and geographic data of the notes to financial statements (part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k).
metrics we use metrics in assessing the performance of our business and to make informed decisions regarding the allocation of resources. we disclose metrics to enable investors to evaluate progress against our ambitions, provide transparency into performance trends, and reflect the continued evolution of our products and services. our commercial and other business metrics are fundamentally connected based on how customers use our products and services. the metrics are disclosed in the md&a or the notes to financial statements (part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k). financial metrics are calculated based on financial results prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america ("gaap"), and growth comparisons relate to the corresponding period of last fiscal year.
in the first quarter of fiscal year 2023, we made updates to the presentation and method of calculation for certain metrics, most notably expanding our surface metric into a broader devices metric to incorporate additional revenue streams, along with other minor changes to align with how we manage our businesses.
commercial our commercial business primarily consists of server products and cloud services, office commercial, windows commercial, the commercial portion of linkedin, enterprise services, and dynamics. our commercial metrics allow management and investors to assess the overall health of our commercial business and include leading indicators of future performance.
commercial remaining performance obligation   commercial portion of revenue allocated to remaining performance obligations, which includes unearned revenue and amounts that will be invoiced and recognized as revenue in future periods microsoft cloud revenue                       revenue from azure and other cloud services, office 365 commercial, the commercial portion of linkedin, dynamics 365, and other commercial cloud properties microsoft cloud gross margin percentage       gross margin percentage for our microsoft cloud business part ii item 7
productivity and business processes and intelligent cloud metrics related to our productivity and business processes and intelligent cloud segments assess the health of our core businesses within these segments. the metrics reflect our cloud and on-premises product strategies and trends.
office commercial products and cloud services revenue growth   revenue from office commercial products and cloud services (office 365 subscriptions, the office 365 portion of microsoft 365 commercial subscriptions, and office licensed on-premises), comprising office, exchange, sharepoint, microsoft teams, office 365 security and compliance, microsoft viva, and microsoft 365 copilot office consumer products and cloud services revenue growth     revenue from office consumer products and cloud services, including microsoft 365 consumer subscriptions, office licensed on-premises, and other office services office 365 commercial seat growth                              the number of office 365 commercial seats at end of period where seats are paid users covered by an office 365 commercial subscription microsoft 365 consumer subscribers                             the number of microsoft 365 consumer subscribers at end of period dynamics products and cloud services revenue growth            revenue from dynamics products and cloud services, including dynamics 365, comprising a set of intelligent, cloud-based applications across erp, crm (including customer insights), power apps, and power automate; and on-premises erp and crm applications linkedin revenue growth                                        revenue from linkedin, including talent solutions, marketing solutions, premium subscriptions, and sales solutions server products and cloud services revenue growth              revenue from server products and cloud services, including azure and other cloud services; sql server, windows server, visual studio, system center, and related client access licenses ("cals"); and nuance and github more personal computing metrics related to our more personal computing segment assess the performance of key lines of business within this segment. these metrics provide strategic product insights which allow us to assess the performance across our commercial and consumer businesses. as we have diversity of target audiences and sales motions within the windows business, we monitor metrics that are reflective of those varying motions.
windows oem revenue growth                                      revenue from sales of windows pro and non-pro licenses sold through the oem channel windows commercial products and cloud services revenue growth   revenue from windows commercial products and cloud services, comprising volume licensing of the windows operating system, windows cloud services, and other windows commercial offerings devices revenue growth                                          revenue from devices, including surface, hololens, and pc accessories xbox content and services revenue growth                        revenue from xbox content and services, comprising first- and third-party content (including games and in-game content), xbox game pass and other subscriptions, xbox cloud gaming, advertising, third-party disc royalties, and other cloud services search and news advertising revenue (ex tac) growth             revenue from search and news advertising excluding traffic acquisition costs ("tac") paid to bing ads network publishers and news partners part ii item 7
summary results of operations
(in millions, except percentages and per share amounts)   2023                 2022                 percentage change revenue                                                             $211,915             $198,270              7%
operating income                                                      88,523               83,383              6%
adjusted operating income (non-gaap)                                  89,694               83,383              8%
adjusted gross margin, operating income, net income, and diluted earnings per share ("eps") are non-gaap financial measures. current year non-gaap financial measures exclude the impact of the q2 charge, which includes employee severance expenses, impairment charges resulting from changes to our hardware portfolio, and costs related to lease consolidation activities. prior year non-gaap financial measures exclude the net income tax benefit related to transfer of intangible properties in the first quarter of fiscal year 2022. refer to note 12 - income taxes of the notes to financial statements (part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k) for further discussion. refer to the non-gaap financial measures section below for a reconciliation of our financial results reported in accordance with gaap to non-gaap financial results.
revenue increased $13.6 billion or 7% driven by growth in intelligent cloud and productivity and business processes, offset in part by a decline in more personal computing. intelligent cloud revenue increased driven by azure and other cloud services. productivity and business processes revenue increased driven by office 365 commercial and linkedin. more personal computing revenue decreased driven by windows and devices.
cost of revenue increased $3.2 billion or 5% driven by growth in microsoft cloud, offset in part by the change in accounting estimate.
gross margin increased $10.4 billion or 8% driven by growth in intelligent cloud and productivity and business processes and the change in accounting estimate, offset in part by a decline in more personal computing.
•gross margin percentage increased slightly. excluding the impact of the change in accounting estimate, gross margin percentage decreased 1 point driven by declines in intelligent cloud and more personal computing, offset in part by sales mix shift between our segments.
•microsoft cloud gross margin percentage increased 2 points to 72%. excluding the impact of the change in accounting estimate, microsoft cloud gross margin percentage decreased slightly driven by a decline in azure and other cloud services and sales mix shift to azure and other cloud services, offset in part by improvement in office 365 commercial.
operating expenses increased $5.3 billion or 10% driven by employee severance expenses, 2 points of growth from the nuance and xandr acquisitions, investments in cloud engineering, and linkedin.
operating income increased $5.1 billion or 6% driven by growth in productivity and business processes and intelligent cloud and the change in accounting estimate, offset in part by a decline in more personal computing.
revenue, gross margin, and operating income included an unfavorable foreign currency impact of 4%, 4%, and 6%, respectively. cost of revenue and operating expenses both included a favorable foreign currency impact of 2%.
current year gross margin, operating income, net income, and diluted eps were negatively impacted by the q2 charge, which resulted in decreases of $152 million, $1.2 billion, $946 million, and $0.13, respectively. prior year net income and diluted eps were positively impacted by the net tax benefit related to the transfer of intangible properties, which resulted in an increase to net income and diluted eps of $3.3 billion and $0.44, respectively.
segment results of operations
(in millions, except percentages)     2023                2022                percentage change revenue productivity and business processes             $69,274             $63,364              9%
intelligent cloud                                87,907              74,965             17%
operating income productivity and business processes             $34,189             $29,690             15%
intelligent cloud                                37,884              33,203             14%
productivity and business processes revenue increased $5.9 billion or 9%.
•office commercial products and cloud services revenue increased $3.7 billion or 10%. office 365 commercial revenue grew 13% with seat growth of 11%, driven by small and medium business and frontline worker offerings, as well as growth in revenue per user. office commercial products revenue declined 21% driven by continued customer shift to cloud offerings.
•office consumer products and cloud services revenue increased $140 million or 2%. microsoft 365 consumer subscribers grew 12% to 67.0 million.
•dynamics products and cloud services revenue increased $750 million or 16% driven by dynamics 365 growth of 24%.
operating income increased $4.5 billion or 15%.
•gross margin increased $5.8 billion or 12% driven by growth in office 365 commercial and linkedin, as well as the change in accounting estimate. gross margin percentage increased. excluding the impact of the change in accounting estimate, gross margin percentage increased slightly driven by improvement in office 365 commercial, offset in part by sales mix shift to cloud offerings.
•operating expenses increased $1.3 billion or 7% driven by investment in linkedin and employee severance expenses.
revenue, gross margin, and operating income included an unfavorable foreign currency impact of 5%, 5%, and 8%, respectively.
intelligent cloud revenue increased $12.9 billion or 17%.
•server products and cloud services revenue increased $12.6 billion or 19% driven by azure and other cloud services. azure and other cloud services revenue grew 29% driven by growth in our consumption-based services. server products revenue decreased 1%.
•enterprise services revenue increased $315 million or 4% driven by growth in enterprise support services, offset in part by a decline in industry solutions (formerly microsoft consulting services).
operating income increased $4.7 billion or 14%.
•gross margin increased $8.9 billion or 17% driven by growth in azure and other cloud services and the change in accounting estimate. gross margin percentage decreased slightly. excluding the impact of the change in accounting estimate, gross margin percentage decreased 3 points driven by sales mix shift to azure and other cloud services and a decline in azure and other cloud services.
•operating expenses increased $4.2 billion or 21% driven by investments in azure, 4 points of growth from the nuance acquisition, and employee severance expenses.
revenue, gross margin, and operating income included an unfavorable foreign currency impact of 4%, 4%, and 6%, respectively. operating expenses included a favorable foreign currency impact of 2%.
•windows revenue decreased $3.2 billion or 13% driven by a decrease in windows oem. windows oem revenue decreased 25% as elevated channel inventory levels continued to drive additional weakness beyond declining pc demand. windows commercial products and cloud services revenue increased 5% driven by demand for microsoft 365.
•devices revenue decreased $1.8 billion or 24% as elevated channel inventory levels continued to drive additional weakness beyond declining pc demand.
•gaming revenue decreased $764 million or 5% driven by declines in xbox hardware and xbox content and services. xbox hardware revenue decreased 11% driven by lower volume and price of consoles sold. xbox content and services revenue decreased 3% driven by a decline in first-party content, offset in part by growth in xbox game pass.
operating income decreased $4.0 billion or 20%.
•operating expenses decreased $195 million or 2% driven by a decline in devices, offset in part by investments in search and news advertising, including 2 points of growth from the xandr acquisition.
revenue, gross margin, and operating income included an unfavorable foreign currency impact of 3%, 4%, and 6%, respectively. operating expenses included a favorable foreign currency impact of 2%.
operating expenses research and development
(in millions, except percentages)   2023            2022            percentage change research and development                  $27,195         $24,512             11%
as a percent of revenue                       13%             12%            1ppt research and development expenses include payroll, employee benefits, stock-based compensation expense, and other headcount-related expenses associated with product development. research and development expenses also include third-party development and programming costs and the amortization of purchased software code and services content.
research and development expenses increased $2.7 billion or 11% driven by investments in cloud engineering and linkedin.
sales and marketing
(in millions, except percentages)   2023            2022            percentage change sales and marketing                       $22,759         $21,825              4%
as a percent of revenue                       11%             11%            0ppt sales and marketing expenses include payroll, employee benefits, stock-based compensation expense, and other headcount-related expenses associated with sales and marketing personnel, and the costs of advertising, promotions, trade shows, seminars, and other programs.
sales and marketing expenses increased $934 million or 4% driven by 3 points of growth from the nuance and xandr acquisitions and investments in commercial sales, offset in part by a decline in windows advertising. sales and marketing included a favorable foreign currency impact of 2%.
(in millions, except percentages)   2023            2022            percentage change general and administrative                 $7,575          $5,900             28%
as a percent of revenue                        4%              3%            1ppt general and administrative expenses include payroll, employee benefits, stock-based compensation expense, employee severance expense incurred as part of a corporate program, and other headcount-related expenses associated with finance, legal, facilities, certain human resources and other administrative personnel, certain taxes, and legal and other administrative fees.
general and administrative expenses increased $1.7 billion or 28% driven by employee severance expenses and a charge related to a non-public preliminary draft decision provided by the irish data protection commission. general and administrative included a favorable foreign currency impact of 2%.
other income (expense), net the components of other income (expense), net were as follows:
we use derivative instruments to manage risks related to foreign currencies, equity prices, interest rates, and credit; enhance investment returns; and facilitate portfolio diversification. gains and losses from changes in fair values of derivatives that are not designated as hedging instruments are primarily recognized in other income (expense), net.
interest and dividends income increased due to higher yields, offset in part by lower portfolio balances. interest expense decreased due to a decrease in outstanding long-term debt due to debt maturities. net recognized gains on investments decreased due to lower gains on equity securities and higher losses on fixed income securities. net losses on derivatives increased due to losses related to managing strategic investments.
income taxes effective tax rate our effective tax rate for fiscal years 2023 and 2022 was 19% and 13%, respectively. the increase in our effective tax rate was primarily due to a $3.3 billion net income tax benefit in the first quarter of fiscal year 2022 related to the transfer of intangible properties and a decrease in tax benefits relating to stock-based compensation.
in the first quarter of fiscal year 2022, we transferred certain intangible properties from our puerto rico subsidiary to the u.s. the transfer of intangible properties resulted in a $3.3 billion net income tax benefit in the first quarter of fiscal year 2022, as the value of future u.s. tax deductions exceeded the current tax liability from the u.s. global intangible low-taxed income tax.
our effective tax rate was lower than the u.s. federal statutory rate, primarily due to earnings taxed at lower rates in foreign jurisdictions resulting from producing and distributing our products and services through our foreign regional operations center in ireland.
the mix of income before income taxes between the u.s. and foreign countries impacted our effective tax rate as a result of the geographic distribution of, and customer demand for, our products and services. in fiscal year 2023, our u.s. income before income taxes was $52.9 billion and our foreign income before income taxes was $36.4 billion. in fiscal year 2022, our u.s. income before income taxes was $47.8 billion and our foreign income before income taxes was $35.9 billion.
uncertain tax positions we settled a portion of the internal revenue service ("irs") audit for tax years 2004 to 2006 in fiscal year 2011. in february 2012, the irs withdrew its 2011 revenue agents report related to unresolved issues for tax years 2004 to 2006 and reopened the audit phase of the examination. we also settled a portion of the irs audit for tax years 2007 to 2009 in fiscal year 2016, and a portion of the irs audit for tax years 2010 to 2013 in fiscal year 2018. in the second quarter of fiscal year 2021, we settled an additional portion of the irs audits for tax years 2004 to 2013 and made a payment of $1.7 billion, including tax and interest. we remain under audit for tax years 2004 to 2017.
as of june 30, 2023, the primary unresolved issues for the irs audits relate to transfer pricing, which could have a material impact in our consolidated financial statements when the matters are resolved. we believe our allowances for income tax contingencies are adequate. we have not received a proposed assessment for the unresolved key transfer pricing issues. we do not expect a final resolution of these issues in the next 12 months. based on the information currently available, we do not anticipate a significant increase or decrease to our tax contingencies for these issues within the next 12 months.
we are subject to income tax in many jurisdictions outside the u.s. our operations in certain jurisdictions remain subject to examination for tax years 1996 to 2022, some of which are currently under audit by local tax authorities. the resolution of each of these audits is not expected to be material to our consolidated financial statements.
non-gaap financial measures adjusted gross margin, operating income, net income, and diluted eps are non-gaap financial measures. current year non-gaap financial measures exclude the impact of the q2 charge, which includes employee severance expenses, impairment charges resulting from changes to our hardware portfolio, and costs related to lease consolidation activities. prior year non-gaap financial measures exclude the net income tax benefit related to transfer of intangible properties in the first quarter of fiscal year 2022. we believe these non-gaap measures aid investors by providing additional insight into our operational performance and help clarify trends affecting our business. for comparability of reporting, management considers non-gaap measures in conjunction with gaap financial results in evaluating business performance. these non-gaap financial measures presented should not be considered a substitute for, or superior to, the measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with gaap.
the following table reconciles our financial results reported in accordance with gaap to non-gaap financial results:
(in millions, except percentages and per share amounts)                 2023               2022                    percentage change gross margin                                                                    $146,052            $135,620                  8%
severance, hardware-related impairment, and lease consolidation costs                152                   0                   *
operating income                                                                 $88,523             $83,383                  6%
severance, hardware-related impairment, and lease consolidation costs              1,171                   0                   *
adjusted operating income (non-gaap)                                             $89,694             $83,383                  8%
severance, hardware-related impairment, and lease consolidation costs                946                   0                   *
net income tax benefit related to transfer of intangible properties                    0              (3,291   )               *
severance, hardware-related impairment, and lease consolidation costs               0.13                   0                   *
net income tax benefit related to transfer of intangible properties                    0               (0.44   )               *
liquidity and capital resources we expect existing cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments, cash flows from operations, and access to capital markets to continue to be sufficient to fund our operating activities and cash commitments for investing and financing activities, such as dividends, share repurchases, debt maturities, material capital expenditures, and the transition tax related to the tax cuts and jobs act ("tcja"), for at least the next 12 months and thereafter for the foreseeable future.
cash, cash equivalents, and investments cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments totaled $111.3 billion and $104.8 billion as of june 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. equity investments were $9.9 billion and $6.9 billion as of june 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. our short-term investments are primarily intended to facilitate liquidity and capital preservation. they consist predominantly of highly liquid investment-grade fixed-income securities, diversified among industries and individual issuers. the investments are predominantly u.s. dollar-denominated securities, but also include foreign currency-denominated securities to diversify risk. our fixed-income investments are exposed to interest rate risk and credit risk. the credit risk and average maturity of our fixed-income portfolio are managed to achieve economic returns that correlate to certain fixed-income indices. the settlement risk related to these investments is insignificant given that the short-term investments held are primarily highly liquid investment-grade fixed-income securities.
valuation in general, and where applicable, we use quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities to determine the fair value of our financial instruments. this pricing methodology applies to our level 1 investments, such as u.s. government securities, common and preferred stock, and mutual funds. if quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities are not available to determine fair value, then we use quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities or inputs other than the quoted prices that are observable either directly or indirectly. this pricing methodology applies to our level 2 investments, such as commercial paper, certificates of deposit, u.s. agency securities, foreign government bonds, mortgage- and asset-backed securities, corporate notes and bonds, and municipal securities. level 3 investments are valued using internally-developed models with unobservable inputs. assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis using unobservable inputs are an immaterial portion of our portfolio.
a majority of our investments are priced by pricing vendors and are generally level 1 or level 2 investments as these vendors either provide a quoted market price in an active market or use observable inputs for their pricing without applying significant adjustments. broker pricing is used mainly when a quoted price is not available, the investment is not priced by our pricing vendors, or when a broker price is more reflective of fair values in the market in which the investment trades. our broker-priced investments are generally classified as level 2 investments because the broker prices these investments based on similar assets without applying significant adjustments. in addition, all our broker-priced investments have a sufficient level of trading volume to demonstrate that the fair values used are appropriate for these investments. our fair value processes include controls that are designed to ensure appropriate fair values are recorded. these controls include model validation, review of key model inputs, analysis of period-over-period fluctuations, and independent recalculation of prices where appropriate.
cash flows cash from operations decreased $1.5 billion to $87.6 billion for fiscal year 2023, mainly due to an increase in cash paid to employees and suppliers and cash used to pay income taxes, offset in part by an increase in cash received from customers. cash used in financing decreased $14.9 billion to $43.9 billion for fiscal year 2023, mainly due to a $10.5 billion decrease in common stock repurchases and a $6.3 billion decrease in repayments of debt, offset in part by a $1.7 billion increase in dividends paid. cash used in investing decreased $7.6 billion to $22.7 billion for fiscal year 2023, due to a $20.4 billion decrease in cash used for acquisitions of companies, net of cash acquired, and purchases of intangible and other assets, offset in part by a $8.2 billion decrease in cash from net investment purchases, sales, and maturities, and a $4.2 billion increase in additions to property and equipment.
debt proceeds we issue debt to take advantage of favorable pricing and liquidity in the debt markets, reflecting our credit rating and the low interest rate environment. the proceeds of these issuances were or will be used for general corporate purposes, which may include, among other things, funding for working capital, capital expenditures, repurchases of capital stock, acquisitions, and repayment of existing debt. refer to note 11 - debt of the notes to financial statements (part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k) for further discussion.
unearned revenue unearned revenue comprises mainly unearned revenue related to volume licensing programs, which may include software assurance ("sa") and cloud services. unearned revenue is generally invoiced annually at the beginning of each contract period for multi-year agreements and recognized ratably over the coverage period. unearned revenue also includes payments for other offerings for which we have been paid in advance and earn the revenue when we transfer control of the product or service. refer to note 1 - accounting policies of the notes to financial statements (part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k) for further discussion.
the following table outlines the expected future recognition of unearned revenue as of june 30, 2023:
if our customers choose to license cloud-based versions of our products and services rather than licensing transaction-based products and services, the associated revenue will shift from being recognized at the time of the transaction to being recognized over the subscription period or upon consumption, as applicable. refer to note 13 - unearned revenue of the notes to financial statements (part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k) for further discussion.
material cash requirements and other obligations contractual obligations the following table summarizes the payments due by fiscal year for our outstanding contractual obligations as of june 30, 2023:
operating and finance leases, including imputed interest (c)              5,988           73,852          79,840
(a)refer to note 11 - debt of the notes to financial statements (part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k).
(b)refer to note 7 - property and equipment of the notes to financial statements (part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k).
(c)refer to note 14 - leases of the notes to financial statements (part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k).
income taxes as a result of the tcja, we are required to pay a one-time transition tax on deferred foreign income not previously subject to u.s. income tax. under the tcja, the transition tax is payable in interest-free installments over eight years, with 8% due in each of the first five years, 15% in year six, 20% in year seven, and 25% in year eight. we have paid transition tax of $7.7 billion, which included $1.5 billion for fiscal year 2023. the remaining transition tax of $10.5 billion is payable over the next three years, with $2.7 billion payable within 12 months.
in fiscal year 2023, we paid cash tax of $4.8 billion due to the mandatory capitalization for tax purposes of research and development expenditures enacted by the tcja and effective on july 1, 2022.
share repurchases during fiscal years 2023 and 2022, we repurchased 69 million shares and 95 million shares of our common stock for $18.4 billion and $28.0 billion, respectively, through our share repurchase programs. all repurchases were made using cash resources. as of june 30, 2023, $22.3 billion remained of our $60 billion share repurchase program. refer to note 16 - stockholders' equity of the notes to financial statements (part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k) for further discussion.
dividends during fiscal year 2023 and 2022, our board of directors declared quarterly dividends of $0.68 per share and $0.62 per share, totaling $20.2 billion and $18.6 billion, respectively. we intend to continue returning capital to shareholders in the form of dividends, subject to declaration by our board of directors. refer to note 16 - stockholders' equity of the notes to financial statements (part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k) for further discussion.
other planned uses of capital on january 18, 2022, we entered into a definitive agreement to acquire activision blizzard, inc. ("activision blizzard") for $95.00 per share in an all-cash transaction valued at $68.7 billion, inclusive of activision blizzard's net cash. the acquisition has been approved by activision blizzard's shareholders. we continue to work toward closing the transaction subject to obtaining required regulatory approvals and satisfaction of other customary closing conditions. microsoft and activision blizzard have jointly agreed to extend the merger agreement through october 18, 2023 to allow for additional time to resolve remaining regulatory concerns.
we will continue to invest in sales, marketing, product support infrastructure, and existing and advanced areas of technology, as well as acquisitions that align with our business strategy. additions to property and equipment will continue, including new facilities, datacenters, and computer systems for research and development, sales and marketing, support, and administrative staff. we expect capital expenditures to increase in coming years to support growth in our cloud offerings and our investments in ai infrastructure. we have operating and finance leases for datacenters, corporate offices, research and development facilities, microsoft experience centers, and certain equipment. we have not engaged in any related party transactions or arrangements with unconsolidated entities or other persons that are reasonably likely to materially affect liquidity or the availability of capital resources.
critical accounting estimates our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes are prepared in accordance with gaap. preparing consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, and expenses. critical accounting estimates are those estimates that involve a significant level of estimation uncertainty and could have a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations. we have critical accounting estimates in the areas of revenue recognition, impairment of investment securities, goodwill, research and development costs, legal and other contingencies, income taxes, and inventories.
revenue recognition our contracts with customers often include promises to transfer multiple products and services to a customer. determining whether products and services are considered distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for separately versus together may require significant judgment. when a cloud-based service includes both on-premises software licenses and cloud services, judgment is required to determine whether the software license is considered distinct and accounted for separately, or not distinct and accounted for together with the cloud service and recognized over time. certain cloud services, primarily office 365, depend on a significant level of integration, interdependency, and interrelation between the desktop applications and cloud services, and are accounted for together as one performance obligation. revenue from office 365 is recognized ratably over the period in which the cloud services are provided.
judgment is required to determine the stand-alone selling price ("ssp") for each distinct performance obligation. we use a single amount to estimate ssp for items that are not sold separately, including on-premises licenses sold with sa or software updates provided at no additional charge. we use a range of amounts to estimate ssp when we sell each of the products and services separately and need to determine whether there is a discount to be allocated based on the relative ssp of the various products and services.
in instances where ssp is not directly observable, such as when we do not sell the product or service separately, we determine the ssp using information that may include market conditions and other observable inputs. we typically have more than one ssp for individual products and services due to the stratification of those products and services by customers and circumstances. in these instances, we may use information such as the size of the customer and geographic region in determining the ssp.
due to the various benefits from and the nature of our sa program, judgment is required to assess the pattern of delivery, including the exercise pattern of certain benefits across our portfolio of customers.
our products are generally sold with a right of return, we may provide other credits or incentives, and in certain instances we estimate customer usage of our products and services, which are accounted for as variable consideration when determining the amount of revenue to recognize. returns and credits are estimated at contract inception and updated at the end of each reporting period if additional information becomes available. changes to our estimated variable consideration were not material for the periods presented.
impairment of investment securities we review debt investments quarterly for credit losses and impairment. if the cost of an investment exceeds its fair value, we evaluate, among other factors, general market conditions, credit quality of debt instrument issuers, and the extent to which the fair value is less than cost. this determination requires significant judgment. in making this judgment, we employ a systematic methodology that considers available quantitative and qualitative evidence in evaluating potential impairment of our investments. in addition, we consider specific adverse conditions related to the financial health of, and business outlook for, the investee. if we have plans to sell the security or it is more likely than not that we will be required to sell the security before recovery, then a decline in fair value below cost is recorded as an impairment charge in other income (expense), net and a new cost basis in the investment is established. if market, industry, and/or investee conditions deteriorate, we may incur future impairments.
equity investments without readily determinable fair values are written down to fair value if a qualitative assessment indicates that the investment is impaired and the fair value of the investment is less than carrying value. we perform a qualitative assessment on a periodic basis. we are required to estimate the fair value of the investment to determine the amount of the impairment loss. once an investment is determined to be impaired, an impairment charge is recorded in other income (expense), net.
goodwill we allocate goodwill to reporting units based on the reporting unit expected to benefit from the business combination. we evaluate our reporting units on an annual basis and, if necessary, reassign goodwill using a relative fair value allocation approach. goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level (operating segment or one level below an operating segment) on an annual basis (may 1) and between annual tests if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying value. these events or circumstances could include a significant change in the business climate, legal factors, operating performance indicators, competition, or sale or disposition of a significant portion of a reporting unit.
application of the goodwill impairment test requires judgment, including the identification of reporting units, assignment of assets and liabilities to reporting units, assignment of goodwill to reporting units, and determination of the fair value of each reporting unit. the fair value of each reporting unit is estimated primarily through the use of a discounted cash flow methodology. this analysis requires significant judgments, including estimation of future cash flows, which is dependent on internal forecasts, estimation of the long-term rate of growth for our business, estimation of the useful life over which cash flows will occur, and determination of our weighted average cost of capital.
the estimates used to calculate the fair value of a reporting unit change from year to year based on operating results, market conditions, and other factors. changes in these estimates and assumptions could materially affect the determination of fair value and goodwill impairment for each reporting unit.
research and development costs costs incurred internally in researching and developing a computer software product are charged to expense until technological feasibility has been established for the product. once technological feasibility is established, software costs are capitalized until the product is available for general release to customers. judgment is required in determining when technological feasibility of a product is established. we have determined that technological feasibility for our software products is reached after all high-risk development issues have been resolved through coding and testing. generally, this occurs shortly before the products are released to production. the amortization of these costs is included in cost of revenue over the estimated life of the products.
legal and other contingencies the outcomes of legal proceedings and claims brought against us are subject to significant uncertainty. an estimated loss from a loss contingency such as a legal proceeding or claim is accrued by a charge to income if it is probable that an asset has been impaired or a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. in determining whether a loss should be accrued we evaluate, among other factors, the degree of probability of an unfavorable outcome and the ability to make a reasonable estimate of the amount of loss. changes in these factors could materially impact our consolidated financial statements.
income taxes the objectives of accounting for income taxes are to recognize the amount of taxes payable or refundable for the current year, and deferred tax liabilities and assets for the future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in an entity's financial statements or tax returns. we recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. the tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position are measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. accounting literature also provides guidance on derecognition of income tax assets and liabilities, classification of deferred income tax assets and liabilities, accounting for interest and penalties associated with tax positions, and income tax disclosures. judgment is required in assessing the future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in our consolidated financial statements or tax returns. variations in the actual outcome of these future tax consequences could materially impact our consolidated financial statements.
inventories inventories are stated at average cost, subject to the lower of cost or net realizable value. cost includes materials, labor, and manufacturing overhead related to the purchase and production of inventories. net realizable value is the estimated selling price less estimated costs of completion, disposal, and transportation. we regularly review inventory quantities on hand, future purchase commitments with our suppliers, and the estimated utility of our inventory. these reviews include analysis of demand forecasts, product life cycle status, product development plans, current sales levels, pricing strategy, and component cost trends. if our review indicates a reduction in utility below carrying value, we reduce our inventory to a new cost basis through a charge to cost of revenue.
statement of management's responsibility for financial statements management is responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements and related information that are presented in this report. the consolidated financial statements, which include amounts based on management's estimates and judgments, have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america.
the company designs and maintains accounting and internal control systems to provide reasonable assurance at reasonable cost that assets are safeguarded against loss from unauthorized use or disposition, and that the financial records are reliable for preparing consolidated financial statements and maintaining accountability for assets. these systems are augmented by written policies, an organizational structure providing division of responsibilities, careful selection and training of qualified personnel, and a program of internal audits.
the company engaged deloitte & touche llp, an independent registered public accounting firm, to audit and render an opinion on the consolidated financial statements and internal control over financial reporting in accordance with the standards of the public company accounting oversight board (united states).
the board of directors, through its audit committee, consisting solely of independent directors of the company, meets periodically with management, internal auditors, and our independent registered public accounting firm to ensure that each is meeting its responsibilities and to discuss matters concerning internal controls and financial reporting. deloitte & touche llp and the internal auditors each have full and free access to the audit committee.
satya nadella chief executive officer amy e. hood executive vice president and chief financial officer alice l. jolla corporate vice president and chief accounting officer part ii