item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations overview we design and manufacture semiconductors that we sell to electronics designers and manufacturers all over the world. technology is the foundation of our company, but ultimately, our objective and the best metric for owners to measure our progress is through the growth of free cash flow per share over the long term.
our strategy to maximize long-term free cash flow per share growth has three elements:
1.a great business model that is focused on analog and embedded processing products and built around four sustainable competitive advantages. the four sustainable competitive advantages are powerful in combination and provide tangible benefits:
(a)    a strong foundation of manufacturing and technology that provides lower costs and greater control of our supply chain.
(b)    a broad portfolio of analog and embedded processing products that offers more opportunity per customer and more value for our investments.
(c)    the reach of our market channels that gives access to more customers and more of their design projects, leading to the opportunity to sell more of our products into each design and gives us better insight and knowledge of customer needs.
(d)    diversity and longevity of our products, markets and customer positions that provide less single point dependency and longer returns on our investments.
together, these competitive advantages help position ti in a unique class of companies capable of generating and returning significant amounts of cash for our owners. we make our investments with an eye towards long-term strengthening and leveraging of these advantages.
2.discipline in allocating capital to the best opportunities. this spans how we select r&d projects, develop new capabilities like ti.com, invest in new manufacturing capacity or how we think about acquisitions and returning cash to our owners.
we believe that our business model with the combined effect of our four competitive advantages sets ti apart from our peers and will for a long time to come. we will invest to strengthen our competitive advantages, be disciplined in capital allocation and stay diligent in our pursuit of efficiencies. finally, we will remain focused on the belief that long-term growth of free cash flow per share is the ultimate measure to generate value.
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (md&a) should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the related notes that appear elsewhere in this document. in the following discussion of our results of operations:
•our segments represent groups of similar products that are combined on the basis of similar design and development requirements, product characteristics, manufacturing processes and distribution channels, and how management allocates resources and measures results. see note 1 to the financial statements for more information regarding our segments.
◦unless otherwise noted, changes in our revenue are attributable to changes in customer demand, which are evidenced by fluctuations in shipment volumes.
◦new products do not tend to have a significant impact on our revenue in any given period because we sell such a large number of products.
◦from time to time, our revenue and gross profit are affected by changes in demand for higher-priced or lower-priced products, which we refer to as changes in the "mix" of products shipped.
◦because we own much of our manufacturing capacity, a significant portion of our operating cost is fixed. when factory loadings decrease, our fixed costs are spread over reduced output and, absent other circumstances, our profit margins decrease. conversely, as factory loadings increase, our fixed costs are spread over increased output and, absent other circumstances, our profit margins increase.
•for an explanation of free cash flow, see the non-gaap financial information section.
•all dollar amounts in the tables are stated in millions of u.s. dollars.
our results of operations provides details of our financial results for 2023 and 2022 and year-to-year comparisons between 2023 and 2022. discussion of 2021 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2022 and 2021 that are not included in this form 10-k can be found in "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in part ii, item 7 of the company's annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2022.
results of operations our strategic focus is on analog and embedded processing products. we sell our products into six end markets: industrial, automotive, personal electronics, communications equipment, enterprise systems and other. while all of these end markets represent good opportunities, we place additional strategic emphasis on designing and selling our products into the industrial and automotive markets, which we believe represent the best long-term growth opportunities.
our focus on analog and embedded processing allows us to generate strong cash flow from operations. our cash flow from operations of $6.42 billion underscored the strength of our business model, the quality of our product portfolio and the benefit of 300mm production. free cash flow was $1.35 billion and represented 7.7% of revenue. during 2023, we invested $3.69 billion in r&d and sg&a, invested $5.07 billion in capital expenditures and returned $4.85 billion to shareholders.
details of financial results - 2023 compared with 2022
revenue of $17.52 billion decreased $2.51 billion, or 12.5%, primarily due to lower revenue from analog, partially offset by higher revenue from embedded processing.
gross profit of $11.02 billion was down $2.75 billion, or 20.0%, primarily due to lower revenue and, to a lesser extent, higher manufacturing costs associated with planned capacity expansion and reduced factory loadings. as a percentage of revenue, gross profit decreased to 62.9% from 68.8%.
operating expenses (r&d and sg&a) were $3.69 billion compared with $3.37 billion. this increase was primarily due to higher employee-related costs as we invest to strengthen our competitive advantages.
restructuring charges/other in the year-ago period was $257 million due to preproduction costs at our lehi, utah, manufacturing facility. these costs transitioned primarily to cost of revenue after production began in december 2022. see note 11 to the financial statements.
operating profit was $7.33 billion, or 41.8% of revenue, compared with $10.14 billion, or 50.6% of revenue.
other income and expense (oi&e) was $440 million of income compared with $106 million of income, due to higher interest income. see note 11 to the financial statements.
interest and debt expense of $353 million increased $139 million due to the issuance of additional long-term debt. see note 8 to the financial statements.
our provision for income taxes was $908 million compared with $1.28 billion. this decrease was due to lower income before income taxes. our effective tax rate, which includes discrete tax items, was 12.2% in 2023 compared with 12.8% in 2022. see note 4 to the financial statements for a reconciliation of the u.s. statutory corporate tax rate to our effective tax rate.
2023                                                                  2022         change revenue                               $13,040                  $15,359          (15)    %
operating profit                        5,821                    8,359          (30)    %
operating profit % of revenue            44.6   %                 54.4   %
analog revenue decreased in both product lines about equally. operating profit decreased primarily due to lower revenue and higher manufacturing costs.
embedded processing (includes microcontrollers and processors)
2023                                                                  2022                  change revenue                                $3,368                   $3,261                      3    %
operating profit                        1,008                    1,253                   (20)    %
operating profit % of revenue            29.9   %                 38.4   %
embedded processing revenue increased due to the mix of products shipped. operating profit decreased primarily due to higher manufacturing costs, partially offset by higher revenue.
2023                                                                  2022         change revenue                                $1,111                   $1,408          (21)    %
operating profit *                        502                      528           (5)    %
operating profit % of revenue            45.2   %                 37.5   %
*includes restructuring charges/other other revenue decreased $297 million, and operating profit decreased $26 million.
financial condition at the end of 2023, total cash (cash and cash equivalents plus short-term investments) was $8.58 billion, a decrease of $492 million from the end of 2022.
accounts receivable were $1.79 billion, a decrease of $108 million compared with the end of 2022. days sales outstanding at the end of 2023 were 39 compared with 37 at the end of 2022.
inventory was $4.00 billion, an increase of $1.24 billion from the end of 2022. days of inventory at the end of 2023 were 219 compared with 157 at the end of 2022.
liquidity and capital resources our primary source of liquidity is cash flow from operations. additional sources of liquidity are cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments and access to debt markets. we also have a variable-rate, revolving credit facility. as of december 31, 2023, our credit facility was undrawn, and we had no commercial paper outstanding. cash flows from operating activities for 2023 were $6.42 billion, a decrease of $2.30 billion due to lower net income and higher cash used for working capital, as we continued to strategically build inventory.
investing activities for 2023 used $4.36 billion compared with $3.58 billion in 2022. capital expenditures were $5.07 billion compared with $2.80 billion in 2022 and were primarily for semiconductor manufacturing equipment and facilities in both periods. short-term investments provided cash proceeds of $682 million in 2023 compared with $826 million of cash used in 2022.
as we continue to invest to strengthen our competitive advantage in manufacturing and technology as part of our long-term capacity planning, our capital expenditures are expected to continue to be higher than historical levels. in august 2022, the u.s. government enacted the u.s. chips and science act, which provides funding for manufacturing grants and research investments and establishes a 25% investment tax credit for certain investments in u.s. semiconductor manufacturing. we expect to receive the cash benefit associated with the investment tax credit for qualifying capital expenditures in future periods, and we have submitted applications for the manufacturing grants provided by the legislation. see note 11 to the financial statements.
financing activities for 2023 used $2.14 billion compared with $6.72 billion in 2022. in 2023, we received net proceeds of $3.00 billion from the issuance of fixed-rate, long-term debt and retired maturing debt of $500 million. in 2022, we received net proceeds of $1.49 billion from the issuance of fixed-rate, long-term debt and retired maturing debt of $500 million. dividends paid in 2023 were $4.56 billion compared with $4.30 billion in 2022, reflecting an increased dividend rate. we used $293 million to repurchase 1.8 million shares of our common stock compared with $3.62 billion used in 2022 to repurchase 22.2 million shares. employee exercises of stock options provided cash proceeds of $263 million compared with $241 million in 2022.
we had $2.96 billion of cash and cash equivalents and $5.61 billion of short-term investments as of december 31, 2023. we believe we have the necessary financial resources and operating plans to fund our working capital needs, capital expenditures, dividend and debt-related payments and other business requirements for at least the next 12 months.
non-gaap financial information this md&a includes references to free cash flow and ratios based on that measure. these are financial measures that were not prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the united states (gaap). free cash flow was calculated by subtracting capital expenditures from the most directly comparable gaap measure, cash flows from operating activities (also referred to as cash flow from operations).
we believe that free cash flow and the associated ratios provide insight into our liquidity, our cash-generating capability and the amount of cash potentially available to return to shareholders, as well as insight into our financial performance. these non-gaap measures are supplemental to the comparable gaap measures.
reconciliation to the most directly comparable gaap measures is provided in the table below.
capital expenditures                                                (5,071)                             (2,797)
cash flow from operations as a percentage of revenue (gaap)            36.6     %                          43.5     %
free cash flow as a percentage of revenue (non-gaap)                    7.7     %                          29.6     %
critical accounting estimates our accounting policies are more fully described in note 2 of the consolidated financial statements. as disclosed in note 2, the preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with u.s. gaap requires management to make estimates and assumptions about future events that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. management believes it is unlikely that applying other estimates and assumptions would have a material impact on the financial statements. we consider the following accounting policies to be those that are most important to the portrayal of our financial condition and that require a higher degree of judgment.
income taxes in determining net income for financial statement purposes, we must make certain estimates and judgments in the calculation of tax provisions and the resultant tax liabilities and in the recoverability of deferred tax assets that arise from temporary differences between the tax and financial statement recognition of revenue and expense.
in the ordinary course of global business, there may be many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax outcome is uncertain. the calculation of tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in the interpretation and application of complex tax laws, and significant judgment is necessary to (i) determine whether, based on the technical merits, a tax position is more likely than not to be sustained and (ii) measure the amount of tax benefit that qualifies for recognition. we recognize potential liabilities for anticipated tax audit issues in the united states and other tax jurisdictions based on an estimate of the ultimate resolution of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes will be due. although we believe the estimates are reasonable, no assurance can be given that the final outcome of these matters will not be different from what is reflected in the historical income tax provisions and accruals.
inventory valuation allowances inventory is valued net of allowances for unsalable or obsolete raw materials, work in process and finished goods. statistical allowances are determined quarterly for raw materials and work in process based on historical disposals of inventory for salability and obsolescence reasons. for finished goods, quarterly statistical allowances are determined by comparing inventory levels of individual parts to historical shipments, current backlog and estimated future sales in order to identify inventory considered unlikely to be sold. a specific allowance for each material type will be carried if there is a significant event not captured by the statistical allowance, such as an end-of-life part or demand with imminent risk of cancellation. allowances are also calculated quarterly for instances where inventoried costs for individual products are in excess of the net realizable value for those products. actual future write-offs of inventory for salability and obsolescence reasons may differ from estimates and calculations used to determine valuation allowances due to changes in customer demand, customer negotiations, technology shifts and other factors.
commitments and contingencies see note 10 to the financial statements for a discussion of our commitments and contingencies.