item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
the following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k. for a comparison of our results of operations for the years ended december 31, 2022, and 2021, and our cash flow discussion for the year ended december 2022, see "part ii, item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial conditions and results of operations" of our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2022, as filed with the sec on february 21, 2023.
cautionary note concerning forward-looking statements this document contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of section 27a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21e of the securities exchange act of 1934 that are not historical in nature and typically address future or anticipated events, trends, expectations or beliefs with respect to our financial condition, results of operations or business. forward-looking statements often contain words such as "believes," "expects," "anticipates," "foresees," "forecasts," "estimates," "plans," "intends," "continues," "may," "will," "should," "projects," "might," "could" or other similar words or phrases. similarly, statements that describe our business strategy, outlook, objectives, plans, intentions or goals also are forward-looking statements. we believe there is a reasonable basis for our forward-looking statements, but they are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties and actual results could differ materially from the expectations and beliefs reflected in the forward-looking statements. we presently consider the following to be among the important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations and beliefs: (1) changes in the budgets or regulatory environments of our clients, primarily local and state governments, that could negatively impact information technology spending; (2) disruption to our business and harm to our competitive position resulting from cyber-attacks and security vulnerabilities; (3) our ability to protect client information from security breaches and provide uninterrupted operations of data centers; (4) our ability to achieve growth or operational synergies through the integration of acquired businesses, while avoiding unanticipated costs and disruptions to existing operations; (5) material portions of our business require the internet infrastructure to be adequately maintained; (6) our ability to achieve our financial forecasts due to various factors, including project delays by our clients, reductions in transaction size, fewer transactions, delays in delivery of new products or releases or a decline in our renewal rates for service agreements; (7) general economic, political and market conditions, including continued inflation and rising interest rates; (8) technological and market risks associated with the development of new products or services or of new versions of existing or acquired products or services; (9) competition in the industry in which we conduct business and the impact of competition on pricing, client retention and pressure for new products or services; (10) the ability to attract and retain qualified personnel and dealing with rising labor costs, the loss or retirement of key members of management or other key personnel; and (11) costs of compliance and any failure to comply with government and stock exchange regulations. these factors and other risks that affect our business are described in item 1a, "risk factors". we expressly disclaim any obligation to publicly update or revise our forward-looking statements.
overview general we provide integrated information management solutions and services for the public sector. we develop and market a broad line of software products and services to address the it needs of public sector entities. we provide subscription-based services such as software as a service ("saas") and transaction-based fees primarily related to digital government services and online payment processing. in addition, we provide professional it services to our clients, including software and hardware installation, data conversion, training, and for certain clients, product modifications, along with continuing maintenance and support for clients using our systems. additionally, we provide property appraisal outsourcing services for taxing jurisdictions.
in accordance with asc 280-10, segment reporting, we report our results in two reportable segments. business units that have met the aggregation criteria have been combined into our two reportable segments. the enterprise software ("es") reportable segment provides public sector entities with software systems and services to meet their information technology and automation needs for mission-critical "back-office" functions such as: public administration solutions; courts and public safety solutions; education solutions, and property and recording solutions. the platform technologies ("pt") reportable segment provides public sector entities with software solutions to platform and transformative solutions including digital solutions, payment processing, streamline data processing, and improve operations and workflows.
as of january 1, 2023, our data and insights solutions business unit was integrated into the remaining business units across both reportable segments with no material change to the results of the reportable segments.
we evaluate performance based on several factors, of which the primary financial measure is business segment operating income. we define segment operating income for our business units as income before non-cash amortization of intangible assets associated with their acquisitions, interest expense, and income taxes. segment operating income includes intercompany transactions. the majority of intercompany transactions relate to contracts involving more than one unit and are valued based on the contractual arrangement. corporate segment operating loss primarily consists of compensation costs for the executive management team, certain shared services staff, and share-based compensation expense for the entire company. corporate segment operating loss also includes revenues and expenses related to a company-wide user conference.
certain amounts for previous years have been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation. beginning january 1, 2023, we no longer report the appraisal services revenue and related costs as separate categories in the statement of income due to less significance on our overall operating results. therefore, we have combined the appraisal services revenue category with the professional services revenue category; and the related cost of revenue category for appraisal services is now combined with the cost of revenue category related to subscriptions, maintenance and professional services on the consolidated statements of income for all reporting periods presented.
on october 31, 2023, we acquired resource exploration, inc. ("resourcex"), a leading provider of budgeting software to the public sector. the total purchase price, net of cash acquired of $48,000, was approximately $16.3 million, consisting of $9.1 million paid in cash, $5.7 million of common stock and $1.5 million related to working capital and indemnity holdbacks, subject to certain post-closing adjustments.
on october 31, 2023, we acquired arinspect, inc. ("arinspect"), a leading provider of ai powered machine learning solutions for public sector field operations. the total purchase price, net of cash acquired of $1.0 million, was approximately $20.5 million, consisting of $19.1 million paid in cash and $2.4 million related to working capital and indemnity holdbacks, subject to certain post-closing adjustments.
on august 8, 2023, we acquired computing system innovations, llc ("csi"), a leading provider of artificial intelligence automation, redaction, and indexing solution for courts, recorders, attorneys, and others. the total purchase price, net of cash acquired of $415,000, was approximately $36.2 million, consisting of $33.4 million paid in cash and $3.3 million related to working capital and indemnity holdbacks, subject to certain post-closing adjustments.
the actual operating results of csi and resourcex, from their respective dates of acquisition, are included in the operating results of the es segment. the operating results of arinspect are included in the operating results of the pt segment since the date of acquisition.
on october 31, 2022, we acquired rapid financial solutions, llc ("rapid"), a provider of reliable, scalable, and secure payments with best-in-class card issuance and digital disbursement capabilities. the total purchase price, net of cash acquired of $2.2 million, was approximately $67.4 million, consisting of $51.5 million paid in cash and, $18.2 million of common stock.
on february 8, 2022, we acquired us edirect inc. ("us edirect"), a leading provider of technology solutions for campground and outdoor recreation management. the total purchase price, net of cash acquired of $6.4 million, was approximately $116.5 million, consisting of $122.9 million paid in cash.
the actual operating results of rapid and us edirect, from their respective dates of acquisition, are included in the operating results of the pt segment.
2023 operating results for the twelve months ended december 31, 2023, total revenues increased 5.5% compared to the prior period. revenues from recent acquisitions comprised $22.3 million or 1.2%, of the increase.
subscription revenues grew 14.5% for the twelve months ended december 31, 2023, primarily due to an ongoing shift to saas in the mix of new arrangements; an increase in revenues associated with the conversion of on-premises clients to saas; and growth in our transaction-based revenues such as e-filing and payments, offset by the absence of covid pandemic related transaction-based revenue. subscription revenues from recent acquisitions comprised $18.3 million or 1.8%, of the increase. we monitor and analyze several key performance indicators in order to manage our business and evaluate our financial and operating performance. these indicators include the following:
revenues - we derive our revenues from four primary sources: subscription-based arrangements from saas and transaction-based fees; maintenance; professional services; and software licenses and royalties. subscriptions and maintenance are considered recurring revenue sources and comprised approximately 83% of our revenues in 2023. the number of new saas clients and the number of existing clients who convert from our traditional software arrangements to our saas model are a significant driver of our revenue growth, together with transaction-based revenues and maintenance rate increases. in addition, we also monitor our client base and attrition, which historically is very low. during 2023, based on our number of customers, attrition was approximately 2%.
annualized recurring revenue - the majority of our revenues are comprised of revenues from subscriptions and maintenance, which we consider to be recurring revenues sources. annualized recurring revenue (arr) is calculated by annualizing the current quarter's recurring revenues from maintenance and subscriptions as reported in our statement of income. management believes arr is an indicator of the annual run rate of our recurring revenues, as well as a measure of the effectiveness of the strategies we deploy to drive revenue growth over time. arr is a metric we believe is widely used by companies in the technology sector and by investors, which we believe offers insight to the stability of our maintenance and subscription revenues to be recognized within the year, which are considered recurring in nature, with some seasonality.
subscription revenues primarily consists of revenues derived from our saas arrangements and transaction-based fees, which relate to digital government services, including e-filing transactions and payment processing. these revenues are considered recurring because revenues from these sources are expected to reoccur in similar annual amounts for the term of our relationship with the client. transaction-based fees are generally the result of multi-year contracts with our clients that result in fees generated by payment transactions and digital government services and are collected on a recurring basis during the contract term. transaction-based fees are historically highest in the second quarter, which coincides with peak outdoor recreation seasons and statutory filing deadlines in many jurisdictions, and lowest in the fourth quarter due to fewer business days and lower transaction volumes around holidays. because arr is an annualized revenue amount, the metric can fluctuate from quarter to quarter due to this seasonality. arr was $1.61 billion and $1.50 billion as of december 31, 2023, and 2022, respectively. arr increased 8% compared to the prior period primarily due to an increase in subscriptions revenue resulting from an ongoing shift toward saas arrangements.
cost of revenues and gross margins - our primary cost component is personnel expenses in connection with providing software implementation, subscription-based services and maintenance and support to our clients. we can improve gross margins by controlling headcount and related costs and by expanding our revenue base, especially from those products and services that produce incremental revenue with relatively low incremental cost, such as software licenses and royalties, subscription-based services, and maintenance and support. as of december 31, 2023, our total employee count included in cost of revenues increased to 5,129 from 5,021 at december 31, 2022, including 61 employees who joined us through acquisitions completed since december 31, 2022.
sales and marketing ("s&m") expense - the primary components of s&m expense include sales personnel salaries and share-based compensation expense, sales commissions, travel-related expenses, advertising and marketing materials, and allocated depreciation, facilities, and it support. sales commissions typically fluctuate with revenues and share-based compensation expense generally increases based on increased levels of awards issued during the period and as the market price of our stock increases. other administrative expenses tend to grow at a slower rate than revenues.
general and administrative ("g&a") expense - the primary components of g&a expense include personnel salaries and share-based compensation expense for general corporate functions, including senior management, finance, accounting, legal, human resources and corporate development, third-party professional fees, travel-related expenses, insurance, allocation of depreciation, facilities and it support costs, acquisition-related expenses and other administrative expenses. share-based compensation expense generally increases based on increased level of awards issued during the period and as the market price of our stock increases. other administrative expenses tend to grow at a slower rate than revenues.
liquidity and cash flows - the primary driver of our cash flows is net income. uses of cash include acquisitions, capital investments in property and equipment and software development, and discretionary purchases of treasury stock. our working capital needs are fairly stable throughout the year with the significant components of cash outflows being payment of personnel expenses offset by cash inflows representing collection of accounts receivable and cash receipts from clients in advance of revenue being earned. in recent years, we have also received significant amounts of cash from employees exercising stock options and contributing to our employee stock purchase plan.
balance sheet - cash, accounts receivable and deferred revenue balances are important indicators of our business.
outlook the local government software market continues to be active with sales activity indicators generally trending at or above pre-pandemic levels in most sectors of our business, and our backlog at december 31, 2023 reached $2.03 billion, an 8% increase from the prior period. we expect to continue to achieve solid growth in revenues and earnings. with our strong financial position and cash flow, we plan to continue to make significant investments in product development and continue to accelerate our move to the cloud to better position us to continue to expand our addressable market and strengthen our competitive position over the long term.
critical accounting policies and estimates our discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is based upon our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states ("gaap"). the preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, the reported amounts of revenues, cost of revenues and expenses during the reporting period, and related disclosure of contingencies. the notes to the financial statements included as part of this annual report describe our significant accounting policies used in the preparation of the financial statements. significant items subject to such estimates and assumptions include the application of the progress toward completion methods of revenue recognition, estimation for revenue recognition and multiple performance obligation arrangements, and the recoverability of goodwill and other intangible assets and estimated useful lives of intangible assets. we base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.
we believe the following critical accounting policies require significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our financial statements.
revenue recognition. we earn the majority of our revenues from subscription-based services and post-contract customer support ("pcs" or "maintenance"). other sources of revenue are professional services, software licenses and royalties, and hardware and other. revenue is recognized upon transfer of control of promised products or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to receive in exchange for those products or services. we determine revenue recognition through the following steps:
•identification of the contract, or contracts, with a customer
•identification of the performance obligations in the contract
•determination of the transaction price
•allocation of the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract
•recognition of revenue when, or as, we satisfy a performance obligation our software arrangements with customers contain multiple performance obligations that range from software licenses, installation, training, and consulting related to software modification and customization to meet specific customer needs (services), hosting, and pcs. for these contracts, we account for individual performance obligations separately when they are distinct. we evaluate whether separate performance obligations can be distinct or should be accounted for as one performance obligation. arrangements that include professional services, such as training or installation, are evaluated to determine whether the customer can benefit from the services either on their own or together with other resources readily available to the customer and whether the services are separately identifiable from other promises in the contract. many of our software arrangements involve "off-the-shelf" software. we recognize the revenue allocable to "off-the-shelf" software licenses and specified upgrades at a point in time when control of the software license transfers to the customer, unless the software is not considered distinct. we consider off-the-shelf software to be distinct when it can be added to an arrangement with minor changes in the underlying code, it can be used by the customer for the customer's purpose upon installation, and remaining services such as training are not considered highly interdependent or highly interrelated to the product's functionality.
for arrangements that involve significant production, modification or customization of the software, or where professional services are otherwise not considered distinct, we recognize revenue over time by measuring progress-to-completion. we measure progress-to-completion primarily using labor hours incurred as it best depicts the transfer of control to the customer which occurs as we incur costs on our contracts. these arrangements are often implemented over an extended period and occasionally require us to revise total cost estimates. amounts recognized in revenue are calculated using the progress-to-completion measurement after giving effect to any changes in our cost estimates. changes to total estimated contract costs, if any, are recorded in the period they are determined. estimated losses on uncompleted contracts are recorded in the period in which we first determine that a loss is apparent. when professional services are distinct, the fee allocable to the service element is recognized over the time we perform the services and is billed on a time and material or milestones basis.
subscription-based services consist primarily of revenues derived from saas arrangements and transactions from digital government services; payment processing; and electronic filing (''e-filing"). revenue from subscription-based services is generally recognized over time on a ratable basis over the contract term, beginning on the date that our service is made available to the customer. for saas arrangements, we evaluate whether the customer has the contractual right to take possession of our software at any time during the hosting period without significant penalty and whether the customer can feasibly maintain the software on the customer's hardware or enter into another arrangement with a third party to host the software. we allocate contract value to each performance obligation of the arrangement that qualifies for treatment as a distinct element based on estimated ssp. we recognize saas arrangements ratably over the terms of the arrangements, which range from one to ten years, but are typically for periods of three to five years. for professional services associated with certain saas arrangements, we have concluded that the services are not distinct, and we recognize the revenue ratably over the remaining contractual period once we have provided the customer access to the software. we record amounts that have been invoiced in accounts receivable and in deferred revenue or revenues, depending on whether the revenue recognition criteria have been met.
for transaction-based revenues, we have the right to charge the customer an amount that directly corresponds with the value to the customer of our performance to date. therefore, we recognize revenue for these services over time based on the amount billable to the customer in accordance with the 'as invoiced' practical expedient in asc 606-10-55-18. in some cases, we are paid on a fixed fee basis and recognize the revenue ratably over the contractual period. typically, the structure of our arrangements does not give rise to variable consideration. however, in those instances whereby variable consideration exists, we include in our estimates, additional revenue for variable consideration when we believe we have an enforceable right, the amount can be estimated reliably and its realization is probable.
the transaction price is allocated to the separate performance obligations on a relative ssp basis. we determine the ssp based on our overall pricing objectives, taking into consideration market conditions and other factors, including the value of our contracts, the applications sold, customer demographics, and the number and types of users within our contracts. we use a range of amounts to estimate stand- alone selling price ("ssp") when we sell each of the products and services separately and need to determine whether there is a discount to be allocated based on the relative ssp of the various products and services. revenue is recognized net of allowances for losses and sales adjustments and any taxes collected from customers, which are subsequently remitted to governmental authorities.
we maintain allowances for losses and sales adjustments, which losses are recorded against revenues at the time the loss is incurred. since most of our clients are domestic governmental entities, we rarely incur a credit loss resulting from the inability of a client to make required payments. events or changes in circumstances that indicate the carrying amount for the allowances for losses and sales adjustments may require revision, include, but are not limited to, managing our client's expectations regarding the scope of the services to be delivered and defects or errors in new versions or enhancements of our software products. our allowance for losses and sales adjustments of $22.8 million and $14.8 million at december 31, 2023, and december 31, 2022, respectively, does not include provisions for credit losses. because we rarely experience credit losses with our clients, we have not recorded a material reserve for credit losses.
in connection with certain of our contracts, we have recorded retentions receivable or unbilled receivables consisting of costs and estimated profit in excess of billings as of the balance sheet date. many of the contracts which give rise to unbilled receivables at a given balance sheet date are subject to billings in the subsequent accounting period. we review unbilled receivables and related contract provisions to ensure we are justified in recognizing revenue prior to billing the customer and that we have objective evidence which allows us to recognize such revenue. in addition, we have a sizable amount of deferred revenue, which represents billings in excess of revenue earned. the majority of this liability consists of subscriptions and maintenance billings for which payments are made in advance and the revenue is ratably earned over the subscription or maintenance billing period, generally one year. we also have deferred revenue for those contracts in which we receive a deposit and the conditions in which to record revenue for the service or product have not been met. on a periodic basis, we review by customer the detail components of our deferred revenue to ensure our accounting remains appropriate.
business combinations. accounting for the acquisition of a business requires the allocation of the purchase price to the various assets acquired and liabilities assumed at their respective fair values. the determination of fair value requires the use of significant estimates and assumptions, and in making these determinations, management uses all available information.
for tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired in a business combination, management estimates the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on quoted market prices, the carrying value of the acquired assets and widely accepted valuation techniques, including discounted cash flows and market multiple analyses. the assumptions made in performing these valuations include, but are not limited to, discount rates, future revenues and operating costs, projections of capital costs, and other assumptions believed to be consistent with those used by principal market participants.
due to the specialized nature of these calculations, we engage third-party specialists to assist management in evaluating our assumptions as well as appropriately measuring the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed. we adjust the preliminary purchase price allocation, as necessary, up to one year after the acquisition closing date as we obtain new information about facts and circumstances that existed as of the closing date. if actual results are materially different than the assumptions we used to determine fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed through a business combination as well as the estimated useful lives of the acquired intangible assets, it is possible that adjustments to the carrying values of such assets and liabilities will have a material impact on our financial position and results of operations.
goodwill and other intangible assets. we assess goodwill for impairment annually, or more frequently whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate its carrying value may not be recoverable. we begin with the qualitative assessment of the likelihood of impairment of each reporting unit. if the conclusion of this assessment is that it is more likely than not that a reporting unit's fair value is more than its carrying value, we are not required to perform a quantitative impairment test. when testing goodwill for impairment quantitatively, we first compare the estimated fair value of each reporting unit with its carrying amount. if the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds the fair value of that reporting unit, an impairment loss is recognized. the fair values calculated in our impairment tests are determined using discounted cash flow models involving several assumptions (level 3 inputs). the assumptions that are used are based upon what we believe a hypothetical marketplace participant would use in estimating fair value. we base our fair value estimates on assumptions we believe to be reasonable but that are unpredictable and inherently uncertain.
during the fourth quarter, as part of our annual impairment test as of october 1, we performed only qualitative assessments for reporting units that have significant excess fair value over carrying value. as a result of these qualitative assessments, we determined that it was more likely than not that the fair value exceeded the carrying value; therefore, we did not perform a step 1 quantitative impairment test. however, we did perform a quantitative assessment for the platform technologies reporting unit and concluded no impairment existed as of our annual assessment date. approximately $1.7 billion, or 67%, of total goodwill as of december 31, 2023, relates to this reporting unit, which, as a result of the recency of the acquisitions comprising the reporting unit, does not have significant excess fair value over carrying value. our annual goodwill impairment analysis did not result in an impairment charge. during 2023, we recorded no impairment to goodwill because no triggering events or change in circumstances indicating a potential impairment had occurred as of period-end.
determining the fair value of our reporting units involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions and considerable management judgment. we base our fair value estimates on assumptions we believe to be reasonable at the time, but such assumptions are subject to inherent uncertainty, such as weighted average cost of capital and revenue growth rates which are forward looking and affected by expectations about future market or economic conditions. similarly, in a specific period, a reporting unit could significantly underperform relative to its historical or projected future operating results. either situation could result in a meaningfully different estimate of the fair value of our reporting units, and a consequent future impairment charge.
all intangible assets (other than goodwill) are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. recoverability of other intangible assets is measured by comparison of the carrying amount to estimated undiscounted future cash flows. the assessment of recoverability or of the estimated useful life for amortization purposes will be affected if the timing or the amount of estimated future operating cash flows is not achieved. such indicators may include, among others: a significant decline in expected future cash flows; a sustained, significant decline in stock price and market capitalization; a significant adverse change in legal factors or in the business climate; unanticipated competition; and reductions in growth rates. in addition, products, capabilities, or technologies developed by others may render our software products obsolete or non-competitive. any adverse change in these factors could have a significant impact on the recoverability of goodwill or other intangible assets. during 2023, we did not identify any triggering events that would indicate that the carrying amount of our intangible assets may not be recoverable.
recent accounting guidance not yet adopted in november 2023, the fasb issued accounting standards update (asu) 2023-07 - segment reporting (topic 280), improvements to reportable segment disclosures. asu 2023-07 enhances the disclosures required for reportable segments in annual and interim consolidated financial statements. the guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after december 15, 2023, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after december 15, 2024, and early adoption is permitted. we are currently evaluating the impact that the new guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements.
in december 2023, the fasb issued asu 2023-09 - income taxes (topic asc 740) income taxes. the asu improves the transparency of income tax disclosures by requiring (1) consistent categories and greater disaggregation of information in the rate reconciliation and (2) income taxes paid disaggregated by jurisdiction. it also includes certain other amendments to improve the effectiveness of income tax disclosures. asu 2023-09 is effective for annual periods beginning after december 15, 2024, with early adoption permitted. we do not expect that this guidance will have a material impact upon our financial position and results of operations.
reclassifications as of january 1, 2023, we have elected to no longer report the appraisal services revenue and related costs as separate categories in the statement of income due to less significance on our overall operating results. therefore, we have combined the appraisal services revenue category with the professional services revenue category; and the related cost of revenue category for appraisal services is now combined with the cost of revenue category related to subscriptions, maintenance, and professional services on the consolidated statements of income for all reporting periods presented.
analysis of results of operations and other the following discussion compares the historical results of operations on a basis consistent with gaap for the years ended december 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021.
percentage of total revenues years ended december 31,
maintenance                                                                   23.9                      25.3                      29.8
professional services                                                         12.8                      15.0                      14.9
software licenses and royalties                                                2.0                       3.2                       4.6
cost of revenues:
subscriptions, maintenance, and professional services                         51.3                      52.9                      51.5
software licenses, royalties, and amortization of acquired software            2.4                       3.1                       3.1
amortization of software development                                           0.6                       0.4                       0.1
sales and marketing expense                                                    7.7                       7.3                       7.4
research and development expense                                               5.6                       5.7                       5.9
amortization of other intangibles                                              3.8                       3.3                       2.8
operating income                                                              11.3                      11.6                      11.3
income tax provision (benefit)                                                 1.7                       1.3                     (0.2)
the following table sets forth a comparison of our subscriptions revenues for the years ended december 31 ($ in thousands):
change
subscriptions revenues consist of revenues derived from our saas arrangements and transaction-based fees. subscriptions revenue grew 15% compared to 2022, primarily due to an ongoing shift toward saas arrangements with both new and existing clients, along with growth in our transaction-based revenues. subscription revenues from recent acquisitions comprised $18.3 million or 1.8% of the increase.
total subscriptions revenues derived from saas arrangements fees was $528.0 million and $428.5 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. saas fees grew $99.5 million, or 23% compared to prior period. new saas clients as well as existing on-premises clients who converted to our saas model provided the majority of the saas revenues increase. in 2023, we added 632 new saas clients and 338 on-premises existing clients elected to convert to our saas model. our mix of new software contracts in 2023 was approximately 83% subscription-based arrangements and 17% perpetual software license arrangements compared to total new client mix in 2022 of approximately 77% subscription-based arrangements and 23% perpetual software license arrangements.
total subscriptions revenues derived from transaction-based fees was $631.5 million and $583.8 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. the increase of $47.8 million or 8% is primarily attributable to the increase of $22.7 million from transaction-based fees from online payments and e-filing services and the 2023 impact of transaction-based fees from recent acquisitions of $17.6 million. the increase in transaction-based fees was offset by the decline of $10.8 million in covid pandemic related transaction-based revenues compared to prior period.
maintenance.
the following table sets forth a comparison of our maintenance revenues for the years ended december 31 ($ in thousands):
change
total maintenance revenues          $466,661                  $468,455      $(1,794)                  -       %
we provide maintenance and support services for our on-premises software products and certain third-party software. maintenance revenue declined slightly compared to the prior period, mainly due to clients converting from on-premises license arrangements to saas. the decline was partially offset by annual maintenance rate increases and maintenance associated with new software license sales.
professional services.
the following table sets forth a comparison of our professional services revenues for the years ended december 31 ($ in thousands):
change
total professional services revenues            $249,976                  $277,625      $(27,649)                    (10)   %
professional services revenues primarily consist of professional services provided in connection with implementing our software, converting client data, training client personnel, custom development activities and consulting. new clients who purchase our proprietary software licenses or subscriptions generally also contract with us to provide the related professional services. existing clients also periodically purchase additional training, consulting and minor programming services.
professional services revenues decreased 10%, primarily due to the absence of revenues generated from covid pandemic-related rent relief services, which totaled $40.2 million in 2022 and ended in december 2022. also contributing to the decline is the lower requirement for professional services associated with many of our cloud implementations. the decline is partially offset by increased billable travel revenue as onsite services have increased post-pandemic.
software licenses and royalties.
the following table sets forth a comparison of our software licenses and royalties revenues for the years ended december 31 ($ in thousands):
change
total software licenses and royalties revenues          $38,096                 $59,406      $(21,310)                    (36)   %
software licenses and royalties revenues decreased 36% compared to the prior period. the decline is primarily attributed to the shift in the mix of new software contracts toward more subscription-based agreements compared to the prior period.
although the mix of new contracts between subscription-based and perpetual license arrangements may vary from quarter to quarter and year to year, we expect software license revenues will decline over the next several years as we continue to focus our sales efforts on saas arrangements. subscription-based arrangements generally result in lower revenue in the initial year as compared to perpetual software license arrangements but generate higher overall revenue over the term of the contract.
cost of revenues and overall gross margins the following table sets forth a comparison of the key components of our cost of revenues for the years ended december 31 ($ in thousands):
change
subscriptions, maintenance, and professional services          $1,001,221                    $977,885          $23,336                     2   %
software licenses and royalties                                    10,821                       6,083            4,738                    78
amortization of software development                               12,625                       6,507            6,118                    94
amortization of acquired software                                  36,062                      52,192         (16,130)                  (31)
total cost of revenues                                         $1,090,652                  $1,066,341          $24,311                     2   %
subscriptions, maintenance, and professional services. cost of subscriptions, maintenance and professional services primarily consists of personnel costs related to installation of our software, conversion of client data, training client personnel and support activities and various other services such as custom development; costs related to our saas operations, including hosting costs; and costs related to providing digital government services. other costs included are merchant and interchange fees required to process credit/debit card transactions and bank fees to process automated clearinghouse transactions related to our payments business.
in 2023, the cost of subscriptions, maintenance and professional services grew 2% compared to the prior period. $13 million or 1% of the increase is attributed to the 2023 impact of recent acquisitions and the remaining increase of 1% is due to higher personnel costs and duplicate hosting costs as we transition from our proprietary data centers to the public cloud. excluding employees from recent acquisitions, our professional services staff grew by 47 employees since december 31, 2022, as we increased hiring to accommodate growth. the increase is partially offset by lower costs related to covid-related services that ended in 2022.
software licenses and royalties. costs of software licenses and royalties primarily consist of direct third-party software costs. we do not have any direct costs associated with royalties. the cost of software licenses and royalties for the twelve months ended december 31, 2023, increased $4.7 million or 78% compared to the prior period due to higher third-party software costs.
amortization of software development. software development costs included in cost of revenues primarily consist of personnel costs. we begin to amortize capitalized costs when a product is available for general release to customers. amortization expense is determined on a product-by-product basis at a rate not less than straight-line basis over the software's remaining estimated economic life generally, three to five years.
in 2023, amortization of software development costs increased $6.1 million or 94%, respectively, compared to the prior period and is attributable to new capitalized software development projects going into service in the past year.
amortization of acquired software. amortization expense related to acquired software attributed to business combinations is included with cost of revenues. the estimated useful lives of acquired software intangibles range from five to 10 years.
in 2023, amortization of acquired software declined $16.1 million or 31% compared to the prior period due to assets becoming fully amortized in 2022, offset by amortization of newly acquired software from recent acquisitions completed in 2022 and 2023.
the following table sets forth a comparison of overall gross margin for the periods presented as of december 31:
2023               2022            change overall gross margin               44.1   %           42.4   %                1.7   %
overall gross margin. our 2023 blended gross margin increased 1.7% compared to 2022. the increase in overall gross margin compared to the prior period is due to growth in subscription revenues and the decline in low margin covid-related revenues and related costs and the decline in amortization of acquired software expense compared to the prior period. the margin increases are partially offset by lower revenue from software licenses and maintenance, duplicate hosting costs as we transition from our proprietary data centers to the public cloud, and higher personnel costs. also an increase of merchant fees related to our payments business that were recorded as cost of revenue from $144.5 million in 2022 to $157.5 million in 2023 negatively impacted overall margin.
sales and marketing expense sales and marketing ("s&m") expense consists primarily of salaries, employee benefits, travel, share-based compensation expense, commissions and related overhead costs for sales and marketing employees, as well as professional fees, trade show activities, advertising costs and other marketing costs. the following table sets forth a comparison of our s&m expense for the years ended december 31 ($ in thousands):
change
sales and marketing expense            $149,770                  $135,743      $14,027        10             %
s&m as a percentage of revenue was 7.7% in 2023 compared to 7.3% in 2022. s&m expense increased approximately 10% compared to the prior period. higher s&m expense is due to higher bonus and commission expense relating to sales growth and improved operating results, an increase in trade show and user conference expenses, travel-related expenses, and share-based compensation expense.
general and administrative expense general and administrative ("g&a") expense consists primarily of personnel salaries and share-based compensation expense for general corporate functions including senior management, finance, accounting, legal, human resources and corporate development, third-party professional fees, travel-related expenses, insurance, allocation of depreciation, facilities and it support costs, acquisition-related expenses and other administrative expenses. the following table sets forth a comparison of our g&a expense for the years ended december 31 ($ in thousands):
change
g&a as a percentage of revenue was 15.8% in 2023 compared to 14.4% in 2022. g&a expense increased approximately 15% compared to the prior period. the increase in g&a is primarily attributed to increases in amortization of software development for internal use, travel-related expenses and other administrative costs; higher personnel costs from increased employee headcount and increased costs of health benefits; higher bonus expense due to improved operating results; and increased share-based compensation expense. our g&a headcount grew by 34 employees since december 31, 2022. in 2023, g&a expense also included $6.4 million related to lease restructuring and other asset write-offs.
research and development expense research and development ("r&d") expense consists primarily of salaries, employee benefits and related overhead costs associated with new product development. r&d expense consists mainly of costs associated with development of new products and technologies from which we do not currently generate significant revenue. the following table sets forth a comparison of our r&d expense for the years ended december 31 ($ in thousands):
change
research and development expense          $109,585                  $105,184      $4,401         4              %
r&d expense as a percent of total revenue was 5.6% in 2023, compared to 5.7% in 2022. r&d expense increased 4% in 2023 compared to the prior period, mainly due to a number of new tyler product development initiatives across our product suites, including increased investments in research and development at recently acquired businesses.
amortization of other intangibles other intangibles are comprised of the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of net tangible assets acquired that are allocated to acquired software and customer related, trade name, and leases acquired intangibles. the remaining excess purchase price is allocated to goodwill that is not subject to amortization. amortization expense related to acquired software is included with cost of revenues while amortization expense of customer related, trade name, and leases acquired intangibles is recorded as operating expense. the estimated useful lives of other intangibles range from one to 25 years. the following table sets forth a comparison of our amortization of other intangibles for the years ended december 31 ($ in thousands):
change
amortization of other intangibles           $74,632                 $61,363      $13,269        22             %
amortization of other intangibles increased 22% primarily due to the accelerated amortization of certain trade name intangibles due to branding changes in 2023 and the impact of intangibles added with several acquisitions completed in 2023 and late 2022.
estimated annual amortization expense relating to customer related, trade name, and leases acquired intangibles, excluding acquired software for which the amortization expense is recorded as cost of revenues, for the next five years and thereafter is as follows (in thousands):
interest expense the following table sets forth a comparison of our interest expense for the years ended december 31 ($ in thousands):
change
interest expense is comprised of interest expense and non-usage and other fees associated with our borrowings. the change in interest expense compared to the prior period is primarily attributable to lower interest incurred as a result of our accelerated repayment of term debt, offset by accelerated amortization expense related to debt issuance costs and an increase in interest rates in 2023 compared to 2022.
other income, net the following table sets forth a comparison of our other income, net for the years ended december 31 ($ in thousands):
change
other income, net, is primarily comprised of interest income from invested cash. the change in other income, net, compared to the prior period is due to increased interest income generated from invested cash as a result of higher interest rates in 2023 compared to 2022.
income tax provision the following table sets forth a comparison of our income tax provision for the years ended december 31 ($ in thousands):
change
income tax provision (benefit)           $32,317                  $23,353       $8,964         38             %
the increase in the income tax provision and the effective income tax rate in 2023, compared to the prior period, is principally driven by a decrease in research tax credit benefits, offset by a decrease in liabilities for uncertain tax positions and state taxes and an increase in excess tax benefits from share-based compensation. the tax benefits related to research tax credits totaled $20.5 million in 2023 compared to $31.3 million in 2022, as a result of completing a multiyear research and development tax credit study during 2022. the tax expense related to uncertain tax positions in 2023 was $7.6 million compared to $8.3 million in 2022. the share-based exercise and vesting activity in 2023 generated $9.3 million of excess tax benefits, while exercise and vesting activity in 2022 generated $7.8 million of excess tax benefits.
the effective income tax rates for the periods presented were different from the statutory united states federal income tax rate of 21% primarily due to the tax benefits of research tax credits and excess tax benefits from share-based compensation, offset by liabilities for uncertain tax positions, state income taxes, and non-deductible business expenses.
financial condition and liquidity as of december 31, 2023, we had cash and cash equivalents of $165.5 million compared to $173.9 million at december 31, 2022. we also had $17.4 million invested in investment grade corporate bonds, municipal bonds and asset-backed securities as of december 31, 2023. these investments have varying maturity dates through 2027 and are held as available-for-sale. as of december 31, 2023, we had $50.0 million outstanding borrowings under our amended 2021 credit agreement and one outstanding letter of credit totaling $750,000 in favor of a client contract. we believe our cash on hand, cash from operating activities, availability under our revolving line of credit, and access to the capital markets provide us with sufficient flexibility to meet our long-term financial needs.
the following table sets forth a summary of cash flows for the years ended december 31 (in thousands):
operating activities                               $380,440                    $381,455                    $371,753
net cash provided by operating activities continues to be our primary source of funds to finance operating needs and capital expenditures. other potential capital resources include cash on hand, public and private issuances of debt or equity securities, and bank borrowings. it is possible that our ability to access the capital and credit markets in the future may be limited by economic conditions or other factors. we currently believe that our cash on hand, cash provided by operating activities, and available credit are sufficient to fund our working capital requirements, capital expenditures, income tax obligations, and share repurchases for at least the next twelve months.
in 2023, operating activities provided cash of $380.4 million, compared to $381.5 million in 2022. operating activities that provided cash were primarily comprised of net income of $165.9 million, non-cash depreciation and amortization charges of $154.1 million, non-cash share-based compensation expense of $108.3 million and non-cash amortization of operating lease right-of-use assets of $16.7 million. working capital, excluding cash, decreased approximately $73.3 million mainly due to timing of higher tax payments and deferred taxes associated with irc section 174, timing of payments to and receipts from our government partners, timing of prepaid expenses and deferred taxes associated with stock option activity during the period. these decreases were offset by the timing of payments of payroll expense and vendor invoices and an increase in deferred revenue during the period. in general, changes in deferred revenue are cyclical and primarily driven by the timing of our maintenance renewal billings. our renewal dates occur throughout the year, but our largest renewal billing cycles occur in the second and fourth quarters. subscription renewals are billed throughout the year.
investing activities used cash of $77.0 million in 2023 compared to $172.5 million in 2022. investing activities included payments for acquisitions of $62.8 million, net of cash acquired. we also invested $10.6 million and received $49.4 million in proceeds from investment grade corporate bonds, municipal bonds and asset-backed securities with maturity dates ranging from 2024 through 2027. approximately $32.5 million of software development costs were capitalized. approximately $20.5 million was invested in property and equipment, including $16.0 million related to real estate. the remaining additions were for computer equipment and furniture and fixtures in support of growth.
financing activities used cash of $311.8 million in 2023 compared to $344.2 million in 2022, primarily attributable to repayment of $345.0 million of term debt, partially offset by payments received from stock option exercises, net of withheld shares for taxes upon equity award and employee stock purchase plan activity.
in february 2019, our board of directors authorized the repurchase of an additional 1.5 million shares of our common stock. the repurchase program, which was approved by our board of directors, was originally announced in october 2002 and was amended at various times from 2003 through 2019. as of february 21, 2024, we have authorization from our board of directors to repurchase up to 2.3 million additional shares of our common stock. our share repurchase program allows us to repurchase shares at our discretion. market conditions, as well as the volume of employee stock option exercises, influence the timing of the buybacks and the number of shares repurchased. share repurchases are generally funded using our existing cash balances and borrowings under our credit facility and may occur through open market purchases and transactions structured through investment banking institutions, privately negotiated transactions and/or other mechanisms. there is no expiration date specified for the authorization and we intend to repurchase stock under the plan from time to time.
as of december 31, 2023, we had $600 million in outstanding principal for the convertible senior notes due 2026. under our amended 2021 credit agreement, we had $50 million in outstanding principal for the term loans, no outstanding borrowings under the 2021 revolving credit facility, and an available borrowing capacity of $500 million as of december 31, 2023. as of december 31, 2023, we had one outstanding letter of credit totaling $750,000. the letter of credit, which guarantees our performance under a client contract, renews automatically annually unless canceled in writing and expires in the third quarter of 2026.
we paid interest of $19.2 million in 2023 and $21.3 million in 2022. see note 10, "debt," to the consolidated financial statements for discussions of the convertible senior notes and the credit agreement.
we paid income taxes, net of refunds received, of $142.8 million in 2023, $38.5 million in 2022. in 2023, stock option exercise activity generated net tax benefits of $9.3 million and reduced tax payments accordingly, as compared to $7.8 million in 2022. the tax benefits related to research tax credits totaled $20.5 million in 2023 compared to $31.3 million in 2022, as a result of completing a multiyear research and development tax credit study during 2022. for tax years beginning on or after january 1, 2022, the tax cuts and jobs act of 2017 ("tcja") eliminates the option to currently deduct research and development expenses and requires taxpayers to capitalize and amortize them over five years for research activities performed in the united states and 15 years for research activities performed outside the united states pursuant to irc section 174. the requirement temporarily increases our u.s. federal and state cash tax payments and reduces cash flows in fiscal year 2023 and future years until the amortization deduction normalizes.
we anticipate that 2024 capital spending will be between $46 million and $48 million, including approximately $27 million of software development. we expect the majority of the other capital spending will consist of computer equipment and software for infrastructure replacements and expansion. we also expect cash tax payments continue to be impacted as a result of irc section 174. capital spending and cash tax payments are expected to be funded from existing cash balances and cash flows from operations.
from time to time we engage in discussions with potential acquisition candidates. in order to pursue such opportunities, which could require significant commitments of capital, we may be required to incur debt or to issue additional potentially dilutive securities in the future. no assurance can be given as to our future acquisition opportunities and how such opportunities will be financed.
we lease office facilities for use in our operations, as well as transportation and other equipment. most of our leases are non-cancelable operating lease agreements with remaining terms of one to 11 years. some of these leases include options to extend for up to six years.
our estimated future obligations consist of debt, uncertain tax positions, leases, and purchase commitments as of december 31, 2023. refer to note 10, "debt," note 14, "income tax," note 18, "leases," and note 21, "commitment and contingencies," to the consolidated financial statements for related discussions.
capitalization at december 31, 2023, our capitalization consisted of $646.0 million of outstanding debt and $2.9 billion of shareholders' equity.