item 7.  management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion contains trend information and other forward-looking statements that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements such as those made in "liquidity and capital resources" regarding our pursuit of additional financing and debt restructuring, regarding capital spending in 2016, regarding the expansion of our clean room space in singapore, regarding the sufficiency of our cash and investments, cash flows from operations, and available financing to meet our requirements for at least the next 12 months, and regarding the timing of payments for certain contractual obligations; and in "recently issued accounting standards" regarding the impact of adopting these new standards. our actual results could differ materially from our historical results and those discussed in the forward-looking statements. factors that could cause actual results to differ materially include, but are not limited to, those identified in "part i, item 1a. risk factors." this discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes for the year ended september 3, 2015. all period references are to our fiscal periods unless otherwise indicated. our fiscal year is the 52 or 53-week period ending on the thursday closest to august 31. our fiscal 2015 contains 53 weeks and our fiscal 2014 and fiscal 2013 each contained 52 weeks. all production data includes the production of imft and inotera. all tabular dollar amounts are in millions except per share amounts.
our management's discussion and analysis ("md&a") is provided in addition to the accompanying consolidated financial statements and notes to assist readers in understanding our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. md&a is organized as follows:
•   overview: overview of our operations and business.
•   results of operations: an analysis of our financial results consisting of the following:
◦   operating results by business segment;
◦   operating results by product; and
◦   operating expenses and other.
•   liquidity and capital resources: an analysis of changes in our balance sheet and cash flows and discussion of our financial condition and potential sources of liquidity.
•   off-balance sheet arrangements: description of off-balance sheet arrangements.
•   critical accounting estimates: accounting estimates that we believe are most important to understanding the assumptions and judgments incorporated in our reported financial results and forecasts.
•   recently adopted and issued accounting standards overview for an overview of our business, see "part i - item 1. - business - overview."
results of operations consolidated results for the year ended                                                                  2015                              2014                              2013
cost of goods sold                                              10,977           68    %          10,921           67    %           7,226           80    %
research and development                                         1,540           10    %           1,371            8    %             931           10    %
restructure and asset impairments                                    3            -    %              40            -    %             126            1    %
other operating (income) expense, net                              (45   )        -    %             232            1    %              (8   )        -    %
operating income                                                 2,998           19    %           3,087           19    %             236            3    %
other non-operating income (expense), net                          (53   )        -    %               8            -    %            (218   )       (2   )%
income tax (provision) benefit                                    (157   )       (1   )%            (128   )       (1   )%              (8   )        -    %
equity in net income (loss) of equity method investees             447            3    %             474            3    %             (83   )       (1   )%
business segments we have the following four business units, which are our reportable segments:
compute and networking business unit ("cnbu"):  includes memory products sold into compute, networking, graphics, and cloud server markets.
mobile business unit ("mbu"):  includes memory products sold into smartphone, tablet, and other mobile-device markets.
storage business unit ("sbu"):  includes memory products sold into enterprise, client, cloud, and removable storage markets. sbu also includes products sold to intel through our imft joint venture.
embedded business unit ("ebu"):  includes memory products sold into automotive, industrial, connected home, and consumer electronics markets.
acquisition of micron memory japan, inc.
on july 31, 2013, we completed the mmj acquisition, in which we acquired elpida, now known as mmj, and a controlling interest in rexchip, now known as mmt. in 2014, we purchased additional interests in mmt, increasing our ownership interest to 99.5%. in connection with the mmj acquisition, we recorded net assets of $2.60 billion, noncontrolling interests of $168 million and a gain on the transaction of $1.48 billion in 2013. in the second quarter of 2014, the provisional amounts recorded in connection with the mmj acquisition were adjusted, primarily for pre-petition liabilities. as a result, other non-operating expense for 2014 included these measurement period adjustments of $33 million. (see "item 8. financial statements - notes to consolidated financial statements - micron memory japan, inc.")
the mmj acquisition included a 300mm dram wafer fabrication facility located in hiroshima, japan, a 300mm dram wafer fabrication facility in taichung city, taiwan, and an assembly and test facility located in akita, japan. these wafer fabrication facilities together represented approximately 30% of our total wafer capacity for 2015. the mmj group's products include mobile dram targeted to mobile phones and tablets, and computing dram targeted to desktop pcs, servers, notebooks, and workstations. the operations from the mmj acquisition are included primarily in the mbu and cnbu segments.
total net sales for 2015 decreased 1% as compared to 2014 primarily due to lower cnbu sales as a result of decreases in dram sales as declines in average selling prices outpaced increases in gigabit sales volumes. sbu and mbu sales for 2015 increased as compared to 2014 as a result of higher nand flash sales due to increases in gigabit sales volumes partially offset by declines in average selling prices. ebu sales for 2015 increased as compared to 2014 due to higher sales volumes as a result of increases in market demand. the increases in gigabit sales volumes for 2015 were primarily attributable to higher manufacturing output due to improvements in product and process technologies.
total net sales for 2014 increased 80% as compared to 2013 primarily due to higher cnbu and mbu sales resulting from the mmj acquisition. net sales for all segments in 2014 also benefitted, as compared to 2013, from increases in dram and nand flash sales volumes driven primarily by higher manufacturing output as a result of improvements in product and process technology and an increased share of output from inotera.
gross margin our overall gross margin percentage declined to 32% for 2015 from 33% for 2014 primarily due to declines in average selling prices partially offset by manufacturing cost reductions. cnbu and sbu experienced declines in gross margin percentage for 2015 as compared to 2014 as declines in average selling price outpaced manufacturing cost reductions. mbu's gross margin percentage for 2015 improved as compared to 2014 as manufacturing cost reductions outpaced declines in average selling prices.
since january 2013, we have purchased all of inotera's dram output at prices reflecting discounts from market prices for our comparable components under a supply agreement. in the second quarter of 2015, we executed a supply agreement, to be effective beginning on january 1, 2016 (the "2016 supply agreement"), which will replace the current agreement. under the 2016 supply agreement, the price for dram products sold to us will be based on a formula that equally shares margin between inotera and us. the 2016 supply agreement has an initial two-year term, followed by a three-year wind-down period, and contemplates negotiations in late 2016 with respect to a two-year extension, and annual negotiations thereafter with respect to successive one-year extensions.  upon termination of the initial two-year term of the 2016 supply agreement, or any extensions, we would purchase dram from inotera during the wind-down period. our share of inotera's capacity would decline over the wind-down period. in 2015 and 2014, our cost of products purchased from inotera was significantly higher than our cost of similar products manufactured in our wholly-owned facilities, due to the pricing formula of the current agreement and strong market conditions. under the market conditions prevailing in the fourth quarter of 2015, costs of products purchased under the current agreement were higher than they would have been under the pricing formula of the 2016 supply agreement. we purchased $2.37 billion, $2.68 billion, and $1.26 billion of dram products from inotera in 2015, 2014, and 2013, respectively.
our overall gross margin percentage improved to 33% for 2014 from 20% for 2013 primarily due to improvements in the gross margin percentage for cnbu and mbu as a result of higher margins for dram products. the gross margin improvements for cnbu and mbu for 2014 as compared to 2013 resulted primarily from the mmj acquisition, manufacturing cost reductions, and higher average selling prices for cnbu. our gross margin percentage on sales of dram products for 2014 improved from 2013 primarily due to reductions in costs and increases in average selling prices. cost reductions for 2014 primarily reflected improvements in product and process technologies and the comparatively lower manufacturing costs of the mmj group, partially offset by higher costs for product obtained under the inotera supply agreement. for 2014 and the fourth quarter of 2013, our costs of goods sold for dram products included the sale of the mmj group's inventories recorded at fair value in the mmj acquisition, which was higher than the manufacturing cost of such inventories. this increased our costs of goods sold by approximately $153 million for 2014 and $41 million for 2013.
operating results by business segments cnbu for the year ended   2015                2014                             2013
operating income             1,481               1,957                 160
cnbu sales and operating results are significantly impacted by average selling prices, gigabit sales volumes, and cost per gigabit of our dram products. (see "operating results by product - dram" for further detail.) cnbu sales for 2015 decreased 8% as compared to 2014 primarily due to declines in average selling prices as a result of continued weakness in the pc sector, partially offset by increases in gigabits sold. cnbu operating income for 2015 declined from 2014 as decreases in average selling prices outpaced manufacturing cost reductions.
cnbu sales for 2014 increased 112% as compared to 2013 primarily due to (1) the mmj acquisition, (2) higher average selling prices, (3) increased dram supply from inotera as a result of the restructuring of our supply agreement, and (4) higher output due to improvements in product and process technologies. cnbu sales for 2014 as compared to 2013 were adversely impacted by the transition of production at one of our singapore wafer fabrication facilities from dram to nand flash. cnbu operating income for 2014 improved from 2013 primarily due to the mmj acquisition, higher average selling prices, and manufacturing cost reductions.
operating income (loss)           1,126                 683                (265   )
in 2015 and 2014, mbu sales were comprised primarily of dram, nand flash, and nor flash, in decreasing order of revenue, with mobile dram products accounting for a significant majority of the sales. mbu sales for 2015 increased 2% as compared to 2014 primarily due to significant increases in gigabit sales volumes for managed nand flash and mcp products partially offset by lower sales of mobile dram products as a result of declines in average selling prices and sales volumes. mbu operating income for 2015 improved from 2014 as manufacturing cost reductions outpaced declines in average selling prices.
mbu sales for 2014 increased 199% as compared to 2013 primarily due to significant increases in mobile dram sales as a result of the mmj acquisition. mbu operating margin for 2014 also improved from 2013 primarily due to the mmj acquisition and manufacturing cost reductions, which significantly outpaced declines in average selling prices.
operating income (loss)             (89   )             255                 173
sbu sales and operating results are significantly impacted by average selling prices, gigabit sales volumes, and cost per gigabit of our nand flash products. (see "operating results by product - non-volatile memory" for further details.) sbu sales for 2015 increased 6% from 2014 primarily due to increases in gigabits sold partially offset by declines in average selling prices. sbu sells a portion of its products to intel through our imft joint venture at long-term negotiated prices approximating cost. sbu sales of products to intel under this arrangement were $420 million, $423 million, and $387 million for 2015, 2014, and 2013, respectively. all other sbu products are sold to oems, resellers, retailers, and other customers (including intel), which we collectively refer to as "trade customers."
sbu sales of nand flash products to trade customers for 2015 increased 7% as compared to 2014 primarily due to increases in gigabits sold partially offset by declines in average selling prices. increases in gigabits sold for 2015 as compared to 2014 were primarily due to higher manufacturing output. sbu operating margin for 2015 declined from 2014 as decreases in average selling prices outpaced manufacturing cost reductions and r&d costs increased in connection with increased spending on controllers, firmware, and engineering for ssds and managed nand flash products.
sbu sales for 2014 increased 23% from 2013 primarily due to increases in gigabits sold partially offset by declines in average selling prices. increases in gigabits sold for 2014 were primarily due to the transition in 2014 of production at one of our wafer fabrication facilities in singapore from dram to nand flash and improvements in product and process technologies. sbu sales of nand flash products to trade customers for 2014 increased 26% as compared to 2013 primarily due to an increase in gigabits sold partially offset by declines in average selling prices. sbu operating income for 2014 improved from 2013 primarily due to higher gigabit sales volumes as manufacturing cost reductions were essentially offset by declines in average selling prices.
operating income               435                 331                 227
in 2015 and 2014, ebu sales were comprised of dram, nand flash, and nor flash in decreasing order of revenue. ebu sales for 2015 increased 13% as compared to 2014 primarily due to higher sales volumes of dram and nand flash products as a result of increases in demand. ebu operating income for 2015 improved as compared to 2014 primarily due to the higher sales volumes.
ebu sales for 2014 increased 39% as compared to 2013 primarily due to increased sales volumes of dram and nand flash products partially offset by declines in average selling prices. ebu operating income for 2014 improved as compared to 2013 primarily due to higher margins on sales of dram and nand flash products as a result of the increase in sales and cost reductions.
operating results by product net sales by product for the year ended                            2015                           2014   2013
non-volatile memory includes nand flash and 3d xpoint memory. through 2015, substantially all of our non-volatile memory sales were from nand flash products. sales of nor flash products are included in other. information regarding our mcp products, which combine both nand flash and dram components, is reported within non-volatile memory.
(percentage change from prior period)
the increase in gigabit sales volumes of dram products for 2015 as compared to 2014 was primarily due to increases in gigabit production despite our continued preparation of fabrication facilities for production of the next technology node, which constrained output. dram gigabit production growth in 2015 was also impacted by a shift to a higher mix of mobile and ddr4 products, which have larger die sizes and therefore produce fewer bits per wafer. the increase in gigabit sales of dram products for 2014 as compared to 2013 was primarily due to higher production volumes resulting from the mmj acquisition, increased supply under the inotera supply agreement, and improved product and process technologies, partially offset by the transition of one of our wafer fabrication facilities in singapore from dram to nand flash. in 2014, dram products produced by facilities acquired in the mmj acquisition constituted 54% of our aggregate dram gigabit production as compared to 9% in 2013.
in 2015 and 2014, our cost of products purchased from inotera was significantly higher than our cost of similar products manufactured in our wholly-owned facilities, due to the pricing formula of the current agreement and strong market conditions. under the market conditions prevailing in the fourth quarter of 2015, costs of products purchased under the current agreement were higher than they would have been under the pricing formula of the 2016 supply agreement. dram products acquired from inotera accounted for 35% of our aggregate dram gigabit production for 2015 as compared to 38% for 2014 and 54% for 2013.
our gross margin percentage on sales of dram products for 2015 improved from 2014 as manufacturing cost reductions outpaced declines in average selling prices. our gross margin percentage on sales of dram products for 2014 improved from 2013 primarily due to reductions in costs and increases in average selling prices. cost reductions for 2014 primarily reflected improvements in product and process technologies and the comparatively lower manufacturing costs of the mmj group partially offset by higher costs for product obtained under the inotera supply agreement and the sale of the mmj group's inventories recorded in the mmj acquisition.
non-volatile memory the following discussion focuses on sales of nand flash products which constituted substantially all of non-volatile memory sales through 2015. this discussion of nand flash excludes nand flash products manufactured and sold to intel through imft at long-term negotiated prices approximating cost.
(percentage change from prior period)
sales to trade customers:
the increase in nand flash gigabits sold to trade customers for 2015 as compared to 2014 was primarily due to higher production from improved product and process technologies and the transition of our wafer fabrication facility in singapore from dram to nand flash production. increases in gigabit production of nand flash products for 2015 as compared to 2014 were limited by a shift in product mix to higher levels of managed nand flash and mcp products, which have both higher average selling prices and costs per gigabit. increases in nand flash gigabits sold to trade customers for 2014 as compared to 2013 were primarily due to the transition of our wafer fabrication facility in singapore from dram to nand flash production and improvements in product and process technologies.
our gross margin percentage on sales of trade nand flash products for 2015 declined from 2014 as the declines in average selling prices outpaced manufacturing cost reductions resulting from improvements in product and process technologies. our gross margin percentage on sales of trade nand flash products for 2014 was relatively unchanged from 2013 as manufacturing cost reductions offset declines in average selling prices. manufacturing cost reductions for 2014 as compared to 2013 primarily resulted from improvements in product and process technologies.
operating expenses and other selling, general and administrative sg&a expenses for 2015 increased 2% as compared to 2014 primarily due to an additional week in 2015 and higher legal costs.
sg&a expenses for 2014 increased 26% as compared to 2013 primarily due to the incremental costs resulting from the mmj acquisition and higher payroll costs resulting primarily from the reinstatement of variable pay plans.
research and development r&d expenses for 2015 increased 12% from 2014 primarily due to a higher volume of development wafers processed, an increase in depreciation expense due to r&d capital expenditures, higher payroll costs, higher subcontracted engineering and other professional service costs, and an additional week in 2015. increases in r&d expenses for 2015 as compared to 2014 were partly attributable to increased spending on controllers, firmware, and engineering to support system level products, including ssd, managed nand flash, and hmc products.
r&d expenses for 2014 increased 47% from 2013 primarily due to the incremental costs resulting from the mmj acquisition, higher payroll costs resulting primarily from the reinstatement of variable pay plans, and increased resources dedicated to development efforts.
we generally share with intel the costs of product design and process development activities for nand flash memory and 3d xpoint memory. our r&d expenses reflect net reductions of $231 million, $162 million, and $176 million in 2015, 2014, and 2013, respectively, as a result of reimbursements under our intel and other cost-sharing arrangements.
our process technology r&d efforts are focused primarily on development of successively smaller line-width process technologies which are designed to facilitate our transition to next generation memory products. additional process technology r&d efforts focus on the enablement of advanced computing and mobile memory architectures, the investigation of new opportunities that leverage our core semiconductor expertise, and the development of new manufacturing materials. product design and development efforts include our high density ddr3 and ddr4 dram, mobile lpdram products, high density nand flash memory (including 3d nand and mlc and tlc technologies), 3d xpoint memory, ssds, hybrid memory cubes, specialty memory, nor flash memory, and other memory technologies and systems.
restructure and asset impairments for the year ended                                        2015            2014              2013
loss on impairment of led assets                        $1             $(6   )           $33
loss on impairment of mit assets                         -              (5   )            62
gain on termination of lease to transform                -               -               (25   )
loss on restructure of st consortium agreement           -               -                26
in order to optimize operations, improve efficiency, and increase our focus on our core memory operations, we have entered into various restructure activities. for 2014 and 2013, other restructure included charges associated with our efforts to wind down our 200mm operations primarily in agrate, italy and kiryat gat, israel and charges associated with workforce optimization activities, primarily related to our mbu and ebu operating segments. as of september 3, 2015, we do not anticipate incurring any significant additional costs for these restructure activities. (see "item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - notes to consolidated financial statements - restructure and asset impairments.")
net interest expense for 2015, 2014, and 2013, included aggregate amounts of amortization of debt discount and other costs of $138 million, $167 million, and $122 million, respectively.
•   a valuation allowance against substantially all of our u.s. net deferred tax assets.
income taxes for 2015 and 2014 included $80 million and $59 million, respectively, related to changes in amounts of net deferred tax assets associated with the mmj group. income taxes for 2013 included benefits of $19 million from the favorable resolution of prior year tax matters and a change in tax laws applicable to prior years.  the remaining tax provision for 2015, 2014, and 2013 primarily reflects taxes on our other non-u.s. operations. income taxes on u.s. operations for 2015, 2014, and 2013 were substantially offset by changes in the valuation allowance.
we have a full valuation allowance for our net deferred tax asset associated with our u.s. operations.  management continues to evaluate future projected financial performance to determine whether such performance is sufficient evidence to support a reduction in or reversal of the valuation allowances.  the amount of the deferred tax asset considered realizable could be adjusted if significant positive evidence increases.
we operate in a number of locations outside the u.s., including singapore and, to a lesser extent, taiwan, where we have tax incentive agreements that are conditional upon meeting certain business operations and employment thresholds. the effect of tax incentive arrangements, which expire in whole or in part at various dates through 2030, reduced our tax provision for 2015, 2014, and 2013 by $338 million (benefitting our diluted earnings per share by $0.29), $286 million ($0.24 per diluted share), and $141 million ($0.13 per diluted share), respectively.
(see "item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - notes to consolidated financial statements - income taxes.")
equity in net income (loss) of equity method investees we recognize our share of earnings or losses from equity method investments, generally on a two-month lag.  equity in net income (loss) of equity method investees, net of tax, included the following:
our share of earnings for 2015 included $49 million for the net effect of inotera's full release of its valuation allowance against net deferred tax assets related to its net operating loss carryforward and the resulting tax provision in subsequent periods. as a result of the release, inotera's future net income is subject to tax provisions. our equity in net income of inotera declined for 2015 as compared to 2014 due to a decrease in inotera's operating results as a result of declines in average selling prices.
since january 2013, we have purchased all of inotera's dram output at prices reflecting a discount from market prices for our comparable components under a supply agreement. in the second quarter of 2015, we executed the 2016 supply agreement, to be effective beginning on january 1, 2016, which will replace the current agreement. under the 2016 supply agreement, the price for dram products sold to us will be based on a formula that equally shares margin between inotera and us. in 2015 and in 2014, our cost of products purchased from inotera was significantly higher than our cost of similar products manufactured in our wholly-owned facilities, due to the pricing formula of the current agreement and strong market conditions. under the market conditions prevailing in the fourth quarter of 2015, costs of products purchased under the current agreement were higher than they would have been under the pricing formula of the 2016 supply agreement.
other operating and non-operating in 2014, we settled all pending litigation between us and rambus, including all antitrust and patent matters, and entered into a patent cross-license agreement.  as a result, other operating expense for 2014 included a $233 million charge to accrue a liability, which reflects the discounted value of amounts due under this arrangement.
other non-operating expense for 2015, 2014, and 2013 included losses from the restructure of our debt of $49 million, $184 million, and $31 million, respectively. (see "item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - notes to consolidated financial statements - debt.")
other non-operating expense included losses from changes in currency exchange rates of $27 million, $28 million, and $229 million for 2015, 2014, and 2013, respectively. the loss for 2013 included a $228 million loss for currency contracts to hedge our yen-denominated obligations in connection with the mmj acquisition.
on august 15, 2014, on semiconductor corporation acquired aptina for approximately $433 million and we recognized a non-operating gain of $119 million on the sale of our shares based on our diluted ownership interest of approximately 27%.
on may 15, 2014, inotera issued 400 million common shares in a public offering at a price equal to 31.50 new taiwan dollars per share, which was in excess of our carrying value per share. as a result of the issuance, our ownership interest decreased from 35% to 33% and we recognized a non-operating gain of $93 million in 2014. on may 28, 2013, inotera issued 634 million common shares to nanya and certain of its affiliates in a private placement at a price equal to 9.47 new taiwan dollars per share, which was in excess of our carrying value per share. as a result of the issuance, our ownership interest decreased from 40% to 35% and we recognized a non-operating gain of $48 million in 2013.
further discussion of other operating and non-operating income and expenses can be found in the following notes contained in "item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - notes to consolidated financial statements":
•   other operating (income) expense, net
•   other non-operating income (expense), net liquidity and capital resources our primary sources of liquidity are cash generated from operations and financing obtained from capital markets. we generated cash from operations of $5.21 billion in 2015 and $5.70 billion in 2014. cash generated from operations is highly dependent on selling prices for our products, which can vary significantly from period to period. we obtained $2.50 billion from debt and lease financing in 2015 and $2.23 billion in 2014. as of september 3, 2015, we had (1) revolving credit facilities available that provide for up to $842 million of additional financing based on eligible receivables and inventories and (2) a term loan agreement available to obtain financing collateralized by certain property, plant, and equipment in the amount of 6.90 billion new taiwan dollars or an equivalent amount in u.s. dollars (approximately $213 million as of september 3, 2015), of which we drew $40 million on june 18, 2015. we are continuously evaluating alternatives for efficiently funding capital expenditures, dilution-management activities (including repurchases of convertible notes and our common stock), and ongoing operations. we expect, from time to time in the future, to engage in a variety of transactions for such purposes, including the issuance or incurrence of secured and unsecured debt and the refinancing and restructuring of existing debt.
to develop new product and process technologies, support future growth, achieve operating efficiencies, and maintain product quality, we must continue to invest in manufacturing technologies, facilities and equipment, and r&d. as a result of the mmj acquisition and our expansion in singapore, we expect our future capital spending will be higher than our historical levels. we estimate that cash expenditures in 2016 for property, plant, and equipment will be approximately $5.3 billion to $5.8 billion, which includes amounts we expect to be funded by our partners. the actual amounts for 2016 will vary depending on market conditions. investments in capital expenditures for 2015 were $4.12 billion. total additions to property, plant, and equipment were $4.46 billion, which, in comparison to cash expenditures, reflects differences in timing of receipts and payments for equipment as well as non-cash additions such as equipment leases. as of september 3, 2015, we had commitments of approximately $1.62 billion for the acquisition of property, plant, and equipment, substantially all of which is expected to be paid within one year.
in december 2014, we announced plans to add approximately 255,000 square feet of clean room space to our fabrication facility in singapore.  this expansion facilitates efficient implementation of 3d nand flash production at the singapore facility and gives us the flexibility to gradually add incremental capacity in response to market requirements.  construction of the additional space began in 2015 with initial manufacturing output likely in 2017.  subject to market conditions, we estimate capital expenditures of approximately $1.93 billion in 2016 related to this facility.
since the first quarter of 2015, our board of directors has authorized the discretionary repurchase of up to $1.25 billion of our outstanding common stock, $250 million of which was authorized in the first quarter of 2016. any repurchases under the authorization may be made in open market purchases, block trades, privately-negotiated transactions, and/or derivative transactions. repurchases are subject to market conditions and our ongoing determination of the best use of available cash. during 2015, we repurchased 42 million shares for $831 million (including commissions) in the open market.
as of                                                           2015                2014
certificates of deposit                                      339                 410
money market funds                                           168               1,281
long-term marketable investments                          $2,113                $819
as of september 3, 2015, $2.17 billion of our cash and equivalents and short-term investments was held by foreign subsidiaries, of which $149 million was denominated in currencies other than the u.s. dollar. to mitigate credit risk, we invest through high-credit-quality financial institutions and, by policy, generally limit the concentration of credit exposure by restricting the amount of investments with any single obligor.
limitations on the use of cash and investments mmj group:  cash and equivalents and short-term investments in the table above included an aggregate of $748 million held by the mmj group as of september 3, 2015. as a result of the corporate reorganization proceedings of the mmj companies entered into in march 2012 and for so long as such proceedings are continuing, the mmj companies and their subsidiaries are subject to certain restrictions on dividends, loans, and advances. the plans of reorganization of the mmj companies prohibit the mmj companies from paying dividends, including any cash dividends, to us and require that excess earnings be used in their businesses or to fund the mmj companies' installment payments. these prohibitions also effectively prevent the subsidiaries of the mmj companies from paying cash dividends. in addition, pursuant to an order of the japan court, the mmj companies cannot make loans or advances, other than certain ordinary course advances, to us without the consent of the japan court. moreover, loans or advances by subsidiaries of the mmj companies may be considered outside of the ordinary course of business and subject to approval of the legal trustee and japan court. as a result, the assets of the mmj group are not available for use by us in our other operations. moreover, certain uses of the assets of the mmj group, including investments in certain capital expenditures and in mmt, may require consent of mmj's trustees and/or the japan court.
imft: cash and equivalents and short-term investments in the table above included $134 million held by imft as of september 3, 2015. our ability to access funds held by imft to finance our other operations is subject to agreement by intel and contractual limitations. amounts held by imft are not anticipated to be available to finance our other operations.
indefinitely reinvested: as of september 3, 2015, we had $1.48 billion of cash and equivalents and short-term investments, including substantially all of the amounts held by the mmj group, that were held by foreign subsidiaries whose earnings were considered to be indefinitely reinvested and repatriation of these funds to the u.s. would subject these funds to u.s. federal income taxes. determination of the amount of unrecognized deferred tax liabilities related to investments in these foreign subsidiaries is not practicable.
operating activities net cash provided by operating activities was $5.21 billion for 2015. cash provided by operating activities was due primarily to net income generated by our operations, adjusted for certain non-cash items.
investing activities net cash used for investing activities was $6.23 billion for 2015, which consisted primarily of cash expenditures of $4.02 billion for property, plant, and equipment and $2.14 billion of net outflows for investments in available-for-sale securities.
financing activities net cash used by financing activities was $718 million for 2015, which included outflows of $2.33 billion for repayments of debt (including $932 million for the amount in excess of principal of our convertible notes), $831 million for the open-market repurchases of 42 million shares of our common stock, and $95 million of payments on equipment purchase contracts. cash outflows for financing activities in 2015 were partially offset by inflows of $2.00 billion in aggregate from the issuance of the 2023 notes, 2024 notes, and 2026 notes, $291 million from the proceeds of sale-leaseback transactions, $125 million from draws on our revolving credit facilities, and $87 million from term loans.
2015 debt activity throughout 2015, we reduced the dilutive effects of our convertible notes through conversions and repurchases. as a result, we eliminated convertible notes that were convertible into approximately 37 million shares of our common stock. the following table summarized our debt restructure activities in 2015.
(1)   included in other non-operating expense.
potential settlement obligations of convertible notes since the closing price of our common stock for at least 20 trading days in the 30 trading day period ended september 30, 2015 exceeded 130% of the conversion price per share of our 2032 notes and 2033 notes, holders of those notes have the right to convert their notes at any time through december 31, 2015. for all of our convertible notes, we have either: (1) the requirement to pay cash for the principal amount and the option to pay either cash, shares of our common stock, or any combination thereof for any remaining conversion obligation, or (2) the option to pay cash, issue shares of common stock, or any combination thereof for the aggregate amount due upon conversion.
the following table summarizes the potential settlements, as of september 3, 2015, that we could be required to make if all holders converted their 2032 notes and 2033 notes:
(1)   we are required to settle the principal amount of the 2033 notes in cash. the remaining conversion obligation paid in shares is based on our closing share price of $16.59 as of september 3, 2015.
(2)   based on our closing share price of $16.59 as of september 3, 2015. assumes we elect cash settlement for the entire obligation.
contractual obligations payments due by period as of september 3, 2015                      total            less than 1 year         1-3 years             3-5 years               more than 5 years notes payable(1)(2)                     $9,429                    $556                    $1,315                $1,712                  $5,846
capital lease obligations(2)               852                     349                       304                   123                      76
operating leases(3)                        682                     218                       402                    27                      35
(1) amounts include mmj creditor installment payments, convertible notes, and other notes. any future redemptions, repurchases, or conversions of convertible debt could impact the amount and timing of our cash payments.
(3) amounts include contractually obligated minimum lease payments for operating leases having an initial noncancelable term in excess of one year.
(4) amounts represent future cash payments to satisfy other long-term liabilities recorded on our consolidated balance sheet, including $222 million for the current portion of these long-term liabilities. we are unable to reliably estimate the timing of future payments related to uncertain tax positions and noncurrent deferred tax liabilities; therefore, $91 million in aggregate of long-term income taxes payable and noncurrent deferred tax liabilities has been excluded from the preceding table. however, other noncurrent liabilities recorded on our consolidated balance sheet included these uncertain tax positions and noncurrent deferred tax liabilities.
the expected timing of payment amounts of the obligations discussed above is estimated based on current information. timing and actual amounts paid may differ depending on the timing of receipt of goods or services, market prices, changes to agreed-upon amounts, or timing of certain events for some obligations. the contractual obligations in the table above include the current portions of the related long-term obligations. all other current liabilities are excluded.
purchase obligations include all commitments to purchase goods or services of either a fixed or minimum quantity that meet any of the following criteria: (1) they are noncancelable, (2) we would incur a penalty if the agreement was canceled, or (3) we must make specified minimum payments even if we do not take delivery of the contracted products or services ("take-or-pay"). if the obligation to purchase goods or services is noncancelable, the entire value of the contract was included in the above table. if the obligation is cancelable, but we would incur a penalty if canceled, the dollar amount of the penalty was included as a purchase obligation. contracted minimum amounts specified in take-or-pay contracts are also included in the above table as they represent the portion of each contract that is a firm commitment.
inotera supply agreements: since january 2013, we have purchased all of inotera's dram output at prices reflecting discounts from market prices for our comparable components under a supply agreement. in the second quarter of 2015, we executed the 2016 supply agreement, to be effective beginning on january 1, 2016, which will replace the current agreement. under the 2016 supply agreement, the price for dram products sold to us will be based on a formula that equally shares margin between inotera and us. the 2016 supply agreement has an initial two-year term, followed by a three-year wind-down period, and contemplates negotiations in late 2016 with respect to a two-year extension, and annual negotiations thereafter with respect to successive one-year extensions.  upon termination of the initial two-year term of the 2016 supply agreement, or any extensions, we would purchase dram from inotera during the wind-down period. our share of inotera's capacity would decline over the wind-down period. we purchased $2.37 billion of dram products from inotera in 2015 under the current agreement. the current agreement does not contain a fixed or minimum purchase quantity as quantities are based on qualified production output and pricing fluctuates as it is based on market prices. therefore, we did not include any amounts under the current agreement in the contractual obligations table above. under the 2016 supply agreement, payments are primarily based on fluctuating quantities and prices, but a portion of the expected costs under the agreement meet the criteria of a minimum lease payment under an operating lease and are included in the table above.
off-balance sheet arrangements we have entered into capped calls, which are intended to reduce the effect of potential dilution from our convertible notes.  the capped calls provide for our receipt of cash or shares, at our election, from our counterparties if the trading price of our stock is above a specified initial strike price at the expiration dates. the amounts receivable varies based on the trading price of our stock, up to specified cap prices. the dollar value of the cash or shares that we would receive from the capped calls on their expiration dates ranges from $0 if the trading price of our stock is below the initial strike price for all of the capped calls to $814 million if the trading price of our stock is at or above the cap price for all of the capped calls. we paid $57 million in 2011, $103 million in 2012, and $48 million in 2013 to purchase capped calls. the amounts paid were recorded as charges to additional capital. for further details of our capped call arrangements, see "item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - notes to consolidated financial statements - equity - micron shareholders' equity - capped calls."
critical accounting estimates the preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with u.s. gaap requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses, and related disclosures.  estimates and judgments are based on historical experience, forecasted events, and various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances.  estimates and judgments may vary under different assumptions or conditions.  we evaluate our estimates and judgments on an ongoing basis.  our management believes the accounting policies below are critical in the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations and requires management's most difficult, subjective, or complex judgments.
business acquisitions: accounting for acquisitions requires us to estimate the fair value of consideration paid and the individual assets and liabilities acquired, which involves a number of judgments, assumptions, and estimates that could materially affect the amount and timing of costs recognized.  accounting for acquisitions can also involve significant judgment to determine when control of the acquired entity is transferred. we typically obtain independent third party valuation studies to assist in determining fair values, including assistance in determining future cash flows, appropriate discount rates, and comparable market values. the items involving the most significant assumptions, estimates, and judgments included determining the fair value of the following:
•   property, plant, and equipment, including determination of values in a continued-use model;
•   deferred tax assets, including projections of future taxable income and tax rates;
•   inventory, including estimated future selling prices, timing of product sales, and completion costs for work in process;
•   debt, including discount rate and timing of payments; and
•   intangible assets, including valuation methodology, estimations of future revenue and costs, profit allocation rates attributable to the acquired technology, and discount rates.
consolidations: we have interests in joint venture entities that are vies.  determining whether to consolidate a vie requires judgment in assessing whether an entity is a vie and if we are the entity's primary beneficiary.  to determine if we are the primary beneficiary of a vie, we evaluate whether we have the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the vie's economic performance and the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits of the vie that could potentially be significant to the vie.  our evaluation includes identification of significant activities and an assessment of our ability to direct those activities based on governance provisions and arrangements to provide or receive product and process technology, product supply, operations services, equity funding, financing, and other applicable agreements and circumstances.  our assessment of whether we are the primary beneficiary of our vies requires significant assumptions and judgment.
contingencies: we are subject to the possibility of losses from various contingencies.  considerable judgment is necessary to estimate the probability and amount of any loss from such contingencies.  an accrual is made when it is probable that a liability has been incurred or an asset has been impaired and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated.  we accrue a liability and charge operations for the estimated costs of adjudication or settlement of asserted and unasserted claims existing as of the balance sheet date. in accounting for the resolution of contingencies, considerable judgment may be necessary to estimate amounts pertaining to periods prior to the resolution that are charged to operations in the period of resolution, and amounts related to future periods.
income taxes: we are required to estimate our provision for income taxes and amounts ultimately payable or recoverable in numerous tax jurisdictions around the world.  these estimates involve judgment and interpretations of regulations and are inherently complex.  resolution of income tax treatments in individual jurisdictions may not be known for many years after completion of any fiscal year.  we are also required to evaluate the realizability of our deferred tax assets on an ongoing basis in accordance with u.s. gaap, which requires the assessment of our performance and other relevant factors.  realization of deferred tax assets is dependent on our ability to generate future taxable income. in recent periods, our results of operations have benefitted from increases in the amount of deferred taxes we expect to realize, primarily from the levels of capital spending and increases in the amount of taxable income we expect to realize in japan and taiwan. our income tax provision or benefit is dependent, in part, on our ability to forecast future taxable income in these and other jurisdictions. such forecasts are inherently difficult and involve numerous judgments including, among others, projecting future average selling prices and sales volumes, manufacturing and overhead costs, levels of capital spending, and other factors that significantly impact our analyses of the amount of net deferred tax assets that are more likely than not to be realized.
inventories: inventories are stated at the lower of average cost or net realizable value.  cost includes depreciation, labor, material and overhead costs, including product and process technology costs.  determining net realizable value of inventories involves numerous judgments, including projecting future average selling prices, sales volumes, and costs to complete products in work in process inventories.  to project average selling prices and sales volumes, we review recent sales volumes, existing customer orders, current contract prices, industry analyses of supply and demand, seasonal factors, general economic trends, and other information.  when these analyses reflect estimated net realizable value below our manufacturing costs, we record a charge to cost of goods sold in advance of when the inventory is actually sold.  differences in forecasted average selling prices used in calculating lower of cost or net realizable value adjustments can result in significant changes in the estimated net realizable value of product inventories and accordingly the amount of write-down recorded.  for example, a 5% variance in the estimated selling prices would have changed the estimated net realizable value of our memory inventory by approximately $195 million as of september 3, 2015.  due to the volatile nature of the semiconductor memory industry, actual selling prices and volumes often vary significantly from projected prices and volumes; as a result, the timing of when product costs are charged to operations can vary significantly.
u.s. gaap provides for products to be grouped into categories in order to compare costs to net realizable values.  the amount of any inventory write-down can vary significantly depending on the determination of inventory categories. inventories are primarily categorized as memory (including dram, non-volatile, and other memory) for purposes of determining lower of average cost or net realizable value. the major characteristics we consider in determining inventory categories are product type and markets.
property, plant and equipment: we review the carrying value of property, plant, and equipment for impairment when events and circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset or group of assets may not be recoverable from the estimated future cash flows expected to result from its use and/or disposition.  in cases where undiscounted expected future cash flows are less than the carrying value, an impairment loss is recognized equal to the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the estimated fair value of the assets.  the estimation of future cash flows involves numerous assumptions which require judgment by us, including, but not limited to, future use of the assets for our operations versus sale or disposal of the assets, future selling prices for our products and future production and sales volumes.  in addition, judgment is required in determining the groups of assets for which impairment tests are separately performed.
research and development: costs related to the conceptual formulation and design of products and processes are expensed as r&d as incurred.  determining when product development is complete requires judgment by us.  we deem development of a product complete once the product has been thoroughly reviewed and tested for performance and reliability.  subsequent to product qualification, product costs are valued in inventory.
stock-based compensation: stock-based compensation is estimated at the grant date based on the fair value of the award and is recognized as expense using the straight-line amortization method over the requisite service period.  for performance-based stock awards, the expense recognized is dependent on the probability of the performance measure being achieved.  we utilize forecasts of future performance to assess these probabilities and this assessment requires considerable judgment.
determining the appropriate fair-value model and calculating the fair value of stock-based awards at the grant date requires considerable judgment, including estimating stock price volatility, expected option life, and forfeiture rates.  we develop these estimates based on historical data and market information which can change significantly over time.  a small change in the estimates used can result in a relatively large change in the estimated valuation.  we use the black-scholes option valuation model to value employee stock awards.  we estimate stock price volatility based on an average of its historical volatility and the implied volatility derived from traded options on our stock.
recently adopted accounting standards see "item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - notes to consolidated financial statements - recently adopted accounting standards."
recently issued accounting standards see "item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - notes to consolidated financial statements - recently issued accounting standards."