item 1a.risk factors the following are important factors we have identified that could affect our future results and an investment in our securities. in addition, from time to time we provide information, including information contained in this annual report on form 10-k, that contains forward-looking statements concerning, among other things, projected financial performance, total addressable market, market and industry sector growth, product development and commercialization or other aspects of future operations. such statements are based on the assumptions and expectations of our management at the time such statements are made. we caution investors that our performance and any forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to, the following:
covid-19 pandemic risks the covid-19 pandemic has had, and is expected to continue to have, an effect on our business, employees, and consolidated financial statements. the uncertainty surrounding the remaining duration and impact of the covid-19 pandemic limits our ability to accurately forecast expected business results in the near term.
the health and safety of our employees and their families, our partners and our other constituents around the world is a high priority. at the onset of the covid-19 pandemic, we took action to enable our employees to work from home. we closed our offices (including our corporate headquarters), transitioned to a remote work environment, and implemented certain travel restrictions, each of which has changed how we operate our business. while a number of our offices have since reopened, most of our locations have limited access and few employees working on site. we continue to monitor and manage the situation, but as of now remote access remains the primary means of work for most of our workforce.
the covid-19 outbreak and preventative measures taken to contain the covid-19 outbreak continue to cause business slowdowns and shutdowns in affected areas. a majority of our customer events and those of our channel partners are virtual only experiences. these events may not be as successful as customer events prior to covid-19 because, among other reasons, the limited number of such events, the varying attendance levels and virtual event fatigue.
an extended period of remote work arrangements negatively impacts the sales pipeline due to reduced, delayed, or altered sales and marketing interactions with customers and potential customers, expose us to increased risk of cyber incidents, delay or alter product roadmaps or research and development due to reduced or limited access to technologies, equipment, or services, and delay or disrupt recruitment efforts. limitations on availability, ease of use or increased cost related to the use of our products in our customers' remote work environments could also result in a decline in demand for our products.
we have experienced, and continue to expect, that our larger customer accounts will perform more strongly than the small- and medium-sized businesses during the pandemic. in addition, the shifting preference from perpetual licenses to time-based licenses was, and is expected to continue to be, elevated as a result of the impacts of covid-19. there may also be continued lower activity levels in the end markets we service or declining financial performance of our customers and channel partners, which could result in lower rates of renewal, which have historically been stable and high, and cancellations, reductions, or delays for our products and services. due to our subscription-based business model, the effect of the pandemic may not be fully reflected in our results of operations until future periods and could impact future growth rates.
the situation surrounding covid-19 remains fluid, and given its inherent uncertainty, we expect the pandemic will continue to have an impact on our business and consolidated financial statements in the near term. the duration and extent of the impact from the covid-19 pandemic depends on future developments that cannot be accurately predicted at this time, such as the timing and effectiveness of vaccination efforts in the markets where we do business, transmission rates of the virus and the development of virus mutations and variants, the nature and scope of government economic recovery measures and the extent and effectiveness of containment actions. the impact of the covid-19 pandemic may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks and uncertainties described in this "risk factors" section.
table of contents global operational risks we are subject to trade restrictions that could impact our ability to sell to customers and result in liability for violations.
due to the global nature of our business, we are subject to trade protection laws, policies, sanctions, and other regulatory requirements affecting trade and investment. for example, we are subject to import and export restrictions and regulations that prohibit the shipment or provision of certain products and services to certain countries, regions and persons targeted by the u.s., including the export administration regulations administered by the u.s. bureau of industry and security (bis) and economic and trade sanctions administered by the u.s. treasury department's office of foreign assets control (ofac). during the second quarter of 2019, the bis placed certain entities on its entity list. certain of our existing and prospective customers, including huawei, were included in this list. at the end of the second quarter of 2020, bis heightened restrictions relating to certain military end uses impacting the use of our semiconductor and electronics software in china, russia, and venezuela.
the entity list and ofac restrictions limit our ability to deliver products and services to these customers and, in the absence of a license, our ability to sell products and services to these customers in the future. in addition, restrictions implemented by ofac restrict our ability to sell to, or transact with, restricted individuals, entities, or countries. the inclusion of companies on the entity list and subjecting companies to the heightened restrictions may encourage them to seek substitute products from competitors whose products are not subject to these restrictions or to develop their own products. we cannot predict whether or when any changes will be made that eliminate or decrease these limitations on our ability to sell products and provide services to these customers. additionally, other existing and prospective customers may be added to the entity list and/or be subjected to trade restrictions in the future, and such actions may result in other indirect impacts that cannot be quantified, including the imposition of additional trade restrictions on our business by the u.s., china, or other countries. restrictions on our ability to sell and ship to customers could have a significant adverse effect on our business and consolidated financial statements.
our products could be shipped to restricted parties by third parties, including our channel partners. even though we take measures to ensure that our channel partners comply with all applicable trade restrictions, any failure by channel partners to comply with such restrictions could have negative consequences for us. violators of trade restrictions may be subject to significant penalties, which may include considerable monetary fines, criminal proceedings against them and their officers and employees, a denial of export privileges, and suspension or debarment from selling products or services to the federal government. any such penalties could have a significant adverse effect on our business and consolidated financial statements. in addition, the political and media scrutiny surrounding any governmental investigation could cause significant expense and reputational harm and distract senior executives from managing normal day-to-day operations.
failure to comply with laws and regulations could harm our business.
we develop and sell software and consulting services and maintain support operations in more than 40 countries whose laws and practices differ from one another and are subject to unexpected changes. furthermore, our business is subject to regulation by various global governmental agencies, including agencies responsible for monitoring and enforcing employment and labor laws, workplace safety, environmental laws, consumer protection laws, anti-bribery laws, import/export controls, securities laws and tax laws and regulations. in certain jurisdictions, these regulatory requirements may be more stringent than those in the united states. managing these geographically diverse operations requires significant attention and resources to ensure compliance.
our global reach includes countries considered high-risk environments for public corruption. this exposes us to risks associated with violations of anti-corruption laws and regulations such as the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act and the u.k. bribery act. to promote compliance, we forbid our agents and employees from engaging in corrupt behavior and have implemented a compliance program to prevent and detect violations of anti-corruption laws. there remains, however, a risk that illegal conduct could occur thereby exposing us to the financial and reputational risks associated with a violation of anti-corruption laws.
non-compliance with applicable regulations or requirements could subject us to investigations, sanctions, enforcement actions, disgorgement of profits, fines, damages, civil and criminal penalties or injunctions and may result in our inability to provide certain products and services to existing or prospective customers. if any governmental sanctions are imposed, or if we do not prevail in any possible civil or criminal litigation, or if customers make claims against us for compensation, our business and consolidated financial statements could be harmed. in addition, responding to any action will likely result in a significant diversion of management's attention and resources and an increase in professional fees and costs. enforcement actions and sanctions could have a significant adverse effect on our business and consolidated financial statements.
table of contents our business practices with respect to the collection, use and management of personal information could give rise to operational interruption, liabilities or reputational harm as a result of governmental regulation, legal requirements or industry standards relating to consumer privacy and data protection.
we are subject to the laws and regulations of numerous jurisdictions worldwide regarding accessing, processing, sharing, using, storing, transmitting, disclosing and protecting personal data. as regulatory focus on privacy, data and security issues continues to increase and evolve, and as worldwide laws and regulations concerning the handling of personal data expand and become more complex, data protection standards continue to become more strict and potential risks related to data processing within our business may intensify.
the general data protection regulation (gdpr), which went into effect in may 2018 and governs data privacy practices within the european economic area (eea), applies to our data processing activities within the eea, as well as the processing of eea citizen data globally, and imposes various compliance obligations related to the handling of personal data in the delivery of our products and services and to business operations involving employee data. compliance with the gdpr has and will continue to require deployment of substantial resources and increased costs. if we fail to comply with the gdpr, it may lead to regulatory enforcement actions, which can result in monetary penalties of up to 4% of annual worldwide revenue, private lawsuits, extensive and prescriptive consent decrees or judgments that may require additional resources or expenses for compliance and may cause reputational damage. as a result of the expiration of the brexit transition period, on december 24, 2020, the u.k. and the european union reached a provisional agreement temporarily permitting the continued flow of personal data between the regions. anticipated further evolution of european union regulations on this topic, including the impact of brexit on these regulations in the u.k. and any related changes to the regulatory framework in the u.k., may increase substantially the penalties to which we could be subject in the event of any non-compliance. we may incur substantial expense in complying with the new obligations to be imposed by new regulations and we may be required to make significant changes to our software applications and expanding business operations, all of which may adversely affect our results of operations.
the gdpr restricts transfers of personal data outside of the eea to third countries deemed to lack adequate privacy protections, including the u.s., unless an appropriate safeguard specified by the gdpr is implemented, such as the standard contractual clauses ("sccs") approved by the european commission, binding corporate rules, and, until july 16, 2020, the privacy shield for eu-u.s. data transfers. in july 2020, the court of justice of the eu invalidated privacy shield, and also opined on compliance obligations for companies relying upon sccs as their valid basis of transferring personal data outside of the eu. this decision led to uncertainty about the legal basis for personal data transfers out of the eu to the u.s. potential new rules and restrictions on the transfer of data across borders could increase the cost and complexity of delivering our products and services in some markets. this decision could also give rise to operational interruption in the performance of services for customers and internal processing of employee information, regulatory liabilities or reputational harm.
in addition, california implemented the california consumer privacy act (ccpa) as of january 2020, which requires compliance measures similar to those of the gdpr and establishes the first state standard for a comprehensive set of data privacy rights. the ccpa, among other things, gives california residents expanded rights to access and delete their personal information, opt out of certain personal information sharing, and receive detailed information about how their personal information is used. in november 2020, california voters passed the california privacy rights act (cpra). the cpra, which is expected to take effect on january 1, 2023, significantly expands the ccpa, including by introducing additional obligations such as data minimization and storage limitations, granting additional rights to consumers such as correction of personal information and additional opt-out rights, and creates a new agency to implement and enforce the law. several other states have proposed data privacy laws that would impose obligations on us with respect to how we collect and use personal data, including customer data. to comply with u.s. state laws and any data breach notification laws that vary across states, we may be required to invest in additional resources or tools to manage our data processing activities. if we fail to comply with the requirements of u.s. data privacy and data breach notification laws, we may be subject to state monetary fines, consent decrees issued by the federal trade commission or other regulatory enforcement agencies, and possible reputational damage.
adverse economic and geopolitical conditions may impact our operations and financial performance.
our operations and performance depend significantly on global macroeconomic, specific foreign country and u.s. domestic economic conditions. adverse conditions in the macroeconomic environment may result in a decreased demand for our products and services, constrained credit and liquidity, reduced government spending and volatility in equity and foreign exchange markets. in addition, significant downturns and volatility in the global economy expose us to impairments of certain assets if their values deteriorate. tighter credit due to economic conditions may diminish our future borrowing ability and increase borrowing costs under our existing credit facilities. customers' ability to pay for our products and services may also be impaired, which could lead to an increase in our allowance for doubtful accounts and write-offs of accounts receivable.
table of contents a majority of our business comes from outside the u.s. and our customers supply a wide array of goods and services to most of the world's major economic regions. international revenue represented 53.8%, 57.9% and 60.9% of our total revenue for the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. in fiscal year 2020, our largest geographic revenue bases were the u.s., japan and germany.
when the significant economies in which we do business deteriorate or suffer a period of uncertainty, our business and financial performance may be impacted through reduced customer and government spending, changes in purchasing cycles or timing and reduced access to credit for our customers, among other events. furthermore, customer spending levels in any foreign jurisdiction may be adversely impacted by changes in domestic policies, including tax and trade policies.
a substantial portion of our license and maintenance revenue is derived from annual lease and maintenance contracts, which typically have a high rate of customer renewal. when the rate of renewal for these contracts is adversely affected by economic or other factors, our lease license and maintenance growth is adversely affected.
foreign exchange rate fluctuations may adversely affect our consolidated financial statements.
as a result of our significant international presence, we have revenue, expenses, cash, accounts receivable and payment obligations denominated in foreign currencies, most notably the euro and japanese yen. our operating results are adversely affected when the u.s. dollar strengthens relative to foreign currencies and are positively affected when the u.s. dollar weakens relative to foreign currencies. when the u.s. dollar strengthens relative to other currencies, certain channel partners who pay us in u.s. dollars may have trouble paying on time or may have trouble distributing our products due to the impact of the currency exchange fluctuation on their cash flows. this may impact our ability to distribute our products into certain regions and markets.
we seek to reduce our currency exchange transaction risks primarily through our normal operating and treasury activities, including derivative instruments, but there can be no assurance that these activities will be successful in reducing these risks. in addition, we incur transaction fees in the usage of such derivative instruments. changes in currency exchange rates may adversely affect our consolidated financial statements.
a catastrophic event or infrastructure failure could result in the loss of business and adverse financial consequences.
a significant portion of our personnel, source code and computer equipment is located in each of california, pennsylvania, british columbia, india, japan and throughout europe. a natural disaster, cyberattack, terrorist act, pandemic, or other unforeseen catastrophe in any of these areas or a breakdown in our business infrastructure, such as an interruption in power supply, telephone system or information technology systems, could cause disruptions to our sales, operations, services and product development activities. as our sales are generally greater at the end of a quarter, the potential adverse effects resulting from any of these events would be accentuated if they occurred at quarter end.
effective business continuity, disaster recovery and crisis management plans are critical to minimizing the impact of such unplanned or unexpected events. we also face increasing customer certification requirements with respect to such systems. failure to establish plans that effectively mitigate the impacts of these disruptions or meet customer certification requirements could have a significant adverse effect on our business and consolidated financial statements.
see "the covid-19 pandemic" portion of this "risk factors" section for a description of the impact of the pandemic on us.
industry operational risks our industry is highly competitive, which could result in downward pressure on our prices.
we continue to experience competition across all markets for our products and services. some of our current and potential competitors have greater financial, technical, marketing and other resources than we do, and some have well-established relationships with our current and potential customers. our current and potential competitors also include firms that have competed, or may in the future compete, by means of open source licensing. companies we have, or could have, strategic alliances with could reduce or discontinue technical, software development and marketing relationships with us for competitive purposes.
if our competitors offer deep discounts on certain products or services, or develop products that the marketplace considers more valuable, we may lower prices or offer discounts or other favorable terms to compete successfully. our maintenance products, which include software license updates and product support fees, are generally priced as a percentage of new software license fees. our competitors may offer lower percentage pricing on product updates and support. some competitors may bundle software products for promotional purposes or as a long-term pricing strategy or provide guarantees of prices, product table of contents implementations or wider geographical license usage provisions. any of these practices could, over time, significantly constrain the prices that we can charge for certain products.
furthermore, if we do not adapt pricing models to reflect changes in customer usage of our products or changes in customer demand, our software license revenues could decrease. additionally, increased distribution of applications through application service providers, including software-as-a-service providers, may reduce the average price of our products or adversely affect other sales of our products, reducing new software license revenues unless we can offset price reductions with volume increases.
these competitive pressures may result in decreased sales volumes, price reductions and/or increased operating costs, and could result in lower revenues, margins and net income.
we may not be successful in developing and marketing new products to adequately address the rapidly changing technology industry.
we operate in an industry generally characterized by rapidly changing technology and frequent new product introductions, which can render existing products obsolete or unmarketable. a major factor in our future success will be our ability to anticipate technological changes and to develop and introduce, in a timely manner, new products to meet those changes. our ability to grow revenue will be dependent on our ability to respond to customer needs in the areas of, among others, 5g, autonomous vehicles, iiot and electrification, and to leverage cloud computing and new computing platforms. in addition, our future success may depend on our ability to continue to develop a systems integrator ecosystem able to handle integrations and process and application development to address the challenge of the increasingly complex integration of our products' different functionalities to address customers' requirements. in addition, for those customers who authorize a third-party technology partner to access their data, we do not provide any warranty related to the functionality, security and integrity of the data transmission or processing. despite contract provisions to protect us, customers may look to us to support and provide warranties for the third-party applications, integrations, data and content, even though not developed or sold by us, which may expose us to potential claims, liabilities and obligations, all of which could harm our business.
we devote substantial resources to research and development, which could cause our operating results to decline.
we devote substantial resources to research and development. new competitors, technological advances in the software development industry by us or our competitors, acquisitions, entry into new markets, or other competitive factors may require us to invest significantly greater resources than anticipated. if we are required to invest significantly greater resources than anticipated without a corresponding increase in revenue, operating results could decline. in addition, our periodic research and development expenses may be independent of our level of revenue, which could negatively impact financial results.
there can be no assurance that we will be successful in developing and marketing, on a timely basis, new products or product enhancements or that the new products will adequately address the changing needs of the marketplace or that we will successfully manage the transition from existing products. software products as complex as those we offer may contain undetected errors, defects or vulnerabilities when first introduced or as new versions are released, and the likelihood of errors, defects or vulnerabilities is increased as a result of our commitment to the frequency of product releases. there can be no assurance that errors, defects or vulnerabilities will not be found in any new or enhanced products after the commencement of commercial shipments. the occurrence of any defects or errors in our products could result in lost or delayed market acceptance and sales of our products, delays in payment to us by customers, loss of customers or market share, product returns, damage to our reputation, diversion of our resources, increased service and warranty expenses or financial concessions, increased insurance costs, and liability for damages.
the price of our common stock is subject to volatility.
the market price of securities of software companies is subject to significant fluctuations. for example, our common stock price ranged from $200.07 to $369.82 per share during 2020. the valuation and trading price of our common stock may not be predictable. factors that may adversely impact our share price include our failure to meet analyst expectations, reduced expectations regarding financial outlook, increases in our debt levels, changes in management or our material announcements or those of our competitors. in addition, volatility could result from causes that are unrelated to our operating performance such as conditions in the financial markets or the software industry generally.
table of contents company operational risks we are dependent upon our channel partners for a significant percentage of our revenue and usage of channel partners presents certain heightened compliance risks.
we distribute our products through a global network of independent channel partners, which accounted for 22.2%, 22.9% and 22.4% of our revenue during the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. channel partners sell our software products to new and existing customers, expand installations within the existing customer base, offer consulting services and provide the first line of technical support. in the apac and emea regions, we are highly dependent upon our channel partners. difficulties in ongoing relationships with channel partners, such as failure to meet performance criteria and differences in handling customer relationships, could adversely affect our performance. additionally, the loss of any major channel partner, including a channel partner's decision to sell competing products rather than ours, could result in reduced revenue. moreover, our future success will depend substantially on the ability and willingness of our channel partners to dedicate the resources necessary to understand and promote our expanding portfolio of products and to support a larger installed base within each of our geographic regions. if the channel partners are unable or unwilling to do so, we may be unable to sustain revenue growth.
we have been increasing the number of our channel partners, particularly in international locations. the business relationships with many of our channel partners are recently established and could result in additional compliance burdens for us. in addition, these new channel partners have a less-established payment history and revenue from these channel partners could come with a higher rate of bad debt expense. where channel partners operate on our behalf to collect and process personal data of customer contacts, failure to comply with relevant data privacy laws in the handling of such personal data could result in liability to us for any fines, civil suits or non-financial performance obligations imposed by regulatory authorities on these partners with respect to our customer data.
certain products require a higher level of sales and support expertise. failure of our sales channel, particularly the independent channel partners, to obtain this expertise and to sell the new product offerings effectively could have an adverse impact on our sales in future periods. any of these problems may result in the loss of or delay in customer acceptance, diversion of development resources, damage to our reputation, or increased service and warranty costs, any of which could have a significant adverse effect on our business and consolidated financial statements.
we may not be able to realize the potential benefit of our acquisitions and such acquisitions could pose risks to our business.
we consummate acquisitions to support our long-term strategic direction. our 2020 acquisitions included lumerical and agi and our 2019 acquisitions included granta design, helic, dfr solutions, lst and dynardo.
each acquisition that we complete may present risks, including: difficulty in integrating the management teams, strategies, cultures and operations of the companies or businesses; failing to achieve anticipated synergies, revenue increases or cost savings; difficulty incorporating and integrating the acquired technologies or products with our existing product lines; difficulty with sales, distribution and marketing functions; failure to develop new products and services that utilize the technologies and resources of the companies; disruption of our ongoing business and diversion of management's attention to transition or integration issues; liabilities that were not identified during the acquisition process; the loss of our key employees, customers, partners and channel partners or those of the acquired companies or businesses; and cybersecurity and data privacy risks.
where customer contacts and leads are a significant consideration in the purchase price or expected financial outcome of an acquisition, failure to identify or mitigate data privacy concerns with the collection, use and retention of personal data may adversely impact our ability to use this information as anticipated and regulatory obligations may require that we delete all or a portion of the database, or take additional remediation measures before use. this may impact the value of the acquisition or reduce forecasted sales.
future acquisitions may involve the expenditure of significant cash resources; the incurrence of debt, which increases our interest expense and leverage; or the issuance of equity, which is dilutive to stockholders and may decrease earnings per share.
we allocate a portion of the purchase price to goodwill and intangible assets. if we do not realize all the economic benefits of an acquisition, there could be an impairment of goodwill or intangible assets. furthermore, impairment charges are generally not tax-deductible and will result in an increased effective income tax rate in the period the impairment is recorded.
if we do not achieve the anticipated benefits of our acquisitions as rapidly or to the extent anticipated by our management or the financial and industry analysts, there could be a significant adverse effect on our stock price, business and consolidated financial statements.
table of contents the ongoing implementation of a new functionality to the existing customer relationship management (crm) system may not achieve the corporate benefits identified.
we are in the process of implementing new functionality in our existing (crm) system. while this system is anticipated to automate and deliver operational efficiencies across the demand generation, sales cycle, order processing and customer service phases of the customer journey, to date this project has not achieved the anticipated benefits and there is a risk that the benefits could be further substantially delayed. there is also a risk that we will have to write off previously capitalized expenditures if the project is not successful or if implementation decisions regarding the project are modified. factors that could further delay the timing of benefits realization include:
•changes in leadership and project objectives;
•additional needs for technical expertise and manpower; and
•longer than anticipated time horizon for employee adoption and mastery.
any of the above could divert efforts of key operational management away from other aspects of the business, including the maintenance of the current crm platform, and result in increased consulting and software costs. these factors could have a significant negative impact on our business and consolidated financial statements.
if we are unable to attract and retain key talent, our business could be adversely affected.
our success depends upon the continued service of our senior executives and our key technical and sales employees. most of these individuals could terminate their relationship with us at any time. the loss of any of them for which there has not been adequate knowledge-sharing and transfer might significantly delay or prevent the achievement of our business objectives and could materially harm our business and customer relationships.
in addition, because of the highly technical nature of our products and services, we must attract and retain highly skilled engineering and development personnel. the market for this talent is highly competitive. we have difficulty filling these roles and our talent has been the subject of recruitment by our competitors. while we have non-competition and non-solicitation agreements with many of these individuals, the enforceability of these agreements may be limited by courts.
while we have historically recruited globally for positions in the u.s., in recent years our ability to do so has been curbed by more restrictive domestic immigration laws. if the immigration laws become even stricter or the processing of immigration requests becomes even more cumbersome or less efficient, or if we have less success in recruiting and retaining key personnel, our business, reputation and operating results could be materially and adversely affected.
we may be subject to proceedings that could harm our business.
we are subject to various investigations, claims and legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business, including commercial disputes, labor and employment matters, tax audits and litigations, alleged infringement of intellectual property rights and other matters. use or distribution of our products could generate product liability, regulatory infraction, or similar claims by our customers, end users, channel partners, government entities or other third parties. sales and marketing activities that impact processing of personal data, as well as measures taken to ensure license compliance, may also result in claims by customers and individual employees of customers. each of these matters is subject to various uncertainties, and it is possible that an unfavorable resolution of one or more of these matters could have a significant adverse effect on our consolidated financial statements as well as cause reputational damage.
we may suffer reputational or financial harm if we have product standard or quality issues.
we have separate quality systems and registrations under the iso 9001:2015 standard in addition to other governmental and industrial regulations. our continued compliance with quality standards and favorable outcomes in periodic examinations is important to retain current customers and vital to procure new sales. if it was determined that we were not in compliance with various regulatory or iso 9001 standards, our certificates of registration could be suspended, requiring remedial action and a time-consuming re-registration process. product quality issues or failures could result in our reputation becoming diminished, resulting in a material adverse impact on our business and consolidated financial statements.
our short-term and long-term sales forecast may not be accurate, which could result in an adverse impact on our business and consolidated financial statements.
the software business is generally characterized by long sales cycles. these long sales cycles increase the difficulty of predicting sales for any particular quarter. many operational and strategic decisions are based upon short- and long-term sales table of contents forecasts. our sales personnel continually monitor the status of proposals, including the estimated closing date and the value of the sale, in order to forecast quarterly sales. these forecasts are subject to significant estimation and are impacted by many external factors, including global economic conditions and the performance of our customers. the heightened uncertainty resulting from the covid-19 pandemic results in greater ranges and variability of these forecasts.
a variation in actual sales activity from that forecasted could cause us to plan or budget incorrectly and, therefore, could have a significant adverse effect on our business and consolidated financial statements. management also forecasts macroeconomic trends and developments and integrates them through long-range planning into budgets, research and development strategies and a wide variety of general management duties. global economic conditions, and the effect those conditions and any disruptions in global markets have on our customers, may have a significant impact on the accuracy of our sales forecasts. these conditions may increase the likelihood or the magnitude of variations between actual sales activity and our sales forecasts and, as a result, our performance may be hindered because of a failure to properly match corporate strategy with economic conditions. this, in turn, could have a significant adverse effect on our business and consolidated financial statements. to the extent our forecasts are incorrect and, as a result, we fail to meet analyst expectations regarding financial performance or miss or reduce the financial guidance we give to investors, our share price may be adversely impacted.
intellectual property risks our success is highly dependent upon the legal protection of our proprietary technology.
we primarily rely upon contracts, copyright, patent, trademark, and trade secrets laws to protect our technology. we maintain intellectual property programs, including applying for patents, registering trademarks and copyrights, protecting trade secrets, entering into confidentiality agreements with our employees and channel partners, and limiting access to and distribution of our software, documentation, and other proprietary information. however, software programs are particularly prone to piracy, which is a global phenomenon, and as a result we may lose revenue from piracy or usage and distribution of unlicensed software. additionally, patent, copyright, trademark, and trade secret protection do not provide the same coverage in every country in which we sell our products and services. policing the unauthorized distribution and use of our products is difficult, and software piracy (including online piracy) is a persistent problem. while we continue to develop better mechanisms to detect and report or investigate unauthorized use of our software, we are also constrained by data privacy laws that restrict our ability to collect data about unlawful usage in some countries. we cannot assure that the steps we take to protect our proprietary technology are adequate to prevent misappropriation of our software by third parties, or that third parties will not copy our technology or develop similar technology independently to compete with our products. despite our efforts to prevent such activities, we may nonetheless lose significant revenue due to illegal use of our software or technology.
costly and time-consuming litigation would be necessary to enforce and determine the scope of trade secret rights and related confidentiality and nondisclosure provisions across our contractual agreements and partnerships. in addition, third parties may subject us to infringement claims with respect to their intellectual property rights. any such litigation could be costly to defend, damage our reputation, and distract our employees from their daily work. any successful infringement claims asserted against us could require us to develop technology workarounds for the impacted technologies, products, or solutions, which could be costly, disrupt product development, and delay go-to-market activities. such disruption and delay could negatively impact our financial results.
we may not be able to continue to obtain licenses to third-party software and intellectual property on reasonable terms or at all, which may disrupt our business and harm our financial results.
we license third-party software and other intellectual property for use in product research and development and, in several instances, for inclusion in our products. we also license third-party software, including the software of our competitors, to test the interoperability of our products with other industry products and in connection with our solutions and professional services. these licenses may need to be renegotiated or renewed from time to time, or we may need to obtain new licenses in the future. third parties may stop adequately supporting or maintaining their technology, or they or their technology may be acquired by our competitors who elect to terminate our contractual relationship. if we are unable to obtain licenses to such third-party software and intellectual property on reasonable terms or at all, we may not be able to sell the affected products, our customers' usage of the products may be interrupted, or our product development processes and professional services offerings may be disrupted, which could in turn harm our financial results, our customers' ability to utilize our software, and our reputation.
table of contents cybersecurity risks cyberattacks and security vulnerabilities could lead to reduced revenue, increased costs, liability claims, or harm to our reputation.
while we undertake commercially reasonable efforts to maintain and improve the security and integrity of our products, source code, computer systems and data with respect to the relative sensitivity of such software, systems and data, the number of computer "hackers" developing and deploying destructive software programs that attack our products and computer systems continues to increase. we have incurred and will continue to incur additional costs to enhance our cybersecurity efforts. because the tactics and tools used to obtain unauthorized access to networks or to sabotage systems are constantly evolving, we may be unable to implement adequate preventive measures. such an attack could disrupt the proper functioning of our products, cause errors in the output of our customers' work, or allow unauthorized access to and disclosure of our sensitive, proprietary or confidential information or that of our customers and employees. in the event of a serious breach of our products or systems, or where a breach occurs due to our failure to implement reasonable and appropriate safeguards, our reputation may suffer, customers may stop buying products or may terminate current services, we could face lawsuits and potential civil liability, as well as regulatory fines and non-financial penalties for any personal data breach, and our financial performance could be negatively impacted.
there is also a danger of industrial espionage, cyberattacks, misuse, theft of information or assets (including source code), or damage to assets by people who have gained unauthorized access to our facilities, systems or information. this includes access to systems or information through email phishing attacks on our employees which has become a very prevalent technique used against companies, often delaying detection through increasingly complex practices. the objective of these attacks is often to acquire user account credentials in order to access other computer systems through linked accounts or where users have recycled passwords across systems. additionally, the recent attack against solarwinds, in which hackers inserted malware into a solarwinds software update, highlights the growing risk from the infection of software while it is under assembly, known as a supply chain attack. as a software provider, we could become a vector for a similar style attack or could become the subject of one through a supply chain compromise.
inadequate security practices or inadvertent acts or omissions by our employees and partners may also result in unauthorized access to our data. employees or third parties may also intentionally compromise our or our customers' security or systems. such cybersecurity breaches, misuse of data or other disruptions could lead to loss of or unauthorized disclosure of our source code or other confidential information, unlicensed use and distribution of our products without compensation, illegal use of our products that could jeopardize the security of customer information stored in and transmitted through our computer systems, and theft, manipulation and destruction of proprietary data, resulting in defective products, performance downtimes and possible violation of export laws and other regulatory compliance requirements. although we actively employ measures to combat such activities, preventing unauthorized access to our systems and data is inherently difficult. in addition, litigation to either pursue our legal rights or defend any claims against us could be costly and time-consuming and may divert management's attention and adversely affect the market's perception of us and our products.
we have experienced targeted and non-targeted cybersecurity attacks and incidents in the past that have resulted in unauthorized persons gaining access to our information and systems, and we could in the future experience similar attacks. to date, no cybersecurity incident or attack has had a material impact on our business or consolidated financial statements.
a number of our core processes, such as software development, sales and marketing, customer service and financial transactions, rely on it infrastructure and applications. we also rely on third-party service providers and products, which are exposed to various security vulnerabilities outside of our control. malicious software, sabotage and other cybersecurity breaches of the types discussed above could cause an outage of our infrastructure, which could cause short-term disruption in operations or, in the event of a longer disruption, lead to a substantial denial of service to our customers and ultimately to production downtime, recovery costs and customer claims for breach of contract, as well as reputational damage and impact to employee morale and productivity.
we rely on service providers for infrastructure and cloud-based products.
we use a number of third-party service providers, which we do not control, for key components of our infrastructure, particularly with respect to development and delivery of our cloud-based products. the utilization of these service providers gives us greater flexibility in efficiently delivering a more tailored, scalable customer experience, but also exposes us to additional risks and vulnerabilities. third-party service providers operate their own platforms that we access, and we are, therefore, vulnerable to their service interruptions. we may experience interruptions, delays and outages in service and availability from time to time as a result of problems with our third-party service providers' infrastructure. lack of availability of this infrastructure could be due to a number of potential causes including technical failures, natural disasters, fraud or security attacks that we cannot predict or prevent. such outages could lead to the triggering of our service level agreements and table of contents the issuance of credits to our cloud-based product customers, which may impact our business and consolidated financial statements. in addition, those of our products and services that depend upon hosted components are vulnerable to security risks inherent in web-based technologies, including greater risk of unauthorized access to or use of customers' protected data. interception of data transmission, misappropriation or modification of data, corruption of data and attacks by bad actors against our service providers may also adversely affect our products or product and service delivery. malicious code, viruses or vulnerabilities that are undetected by our service providers may disrupt our business operations generally and may have a disproportionate effect on those of our products that are developed and delivered in the cloud environment. if our security, or that of any of our third-party service providers, is compromised, our software is unavailable or our customers are unable to use our software within a reasonable amount of time or at all, then our business and financial statements could be adversely affected.
these risks, though largely outside our control, may impact customer perception of our products, service and support, and may damage our brand. while we devote resources to maintaining the security and integrity of our products and systems, as well as ensuring adequate due diligence for our third-party service providers, cloud security and reliability is inherently challenging. in the event of a material breach of data hosted by our service providers or a serious security incident on behalf of, caused by or experienced by a service provider, we may experience significant operational and technical difficulties, loss of data including customer data, diminished competitive position or reputation, and loss of customer engagement, which could result in civil liabilities and a negative impact to financial performance. it is also possible that our customers and potential customers would hold us accountable for any breach of security affecting a third-party service provider's infrastructure and we may incur significant liability from those customers and from third parties with respect to any breach affecting these systems. we may not be able to recover a material portion of our liabilities to our customers and third parties from a third-party cloud provider.
financial risks our indebtedness could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
in connection with our acquisitions of agi and lst, we have outstanding borrowings of $375.0 million and $425.0 million, respectively, under term loan facilities which mature on november 1, 2024. we also have access to a $500.0 million revolving credit facility, which includes a $50.0 million sublimit for the issuance of letters of credit. the credit agreements governing these loans contain customary representations and warranties, affirmative and negative covenants and events of default. the credit agreements also contain a financial covenant requiring us to maintain a consolidated leverage ratio of indebtedness to earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization not exceeding 3.50 to 1.00 as of the end of any fiscal quarter (for the four-quarter period ending on such date) with an opportunity for a temporary increase in such consolidated leverage ratio to 4.00 to 1.00 upon the consummation of certain qualified acquisitions for which the aggregate consideration is at least $250.0 million.
notwithstanding the limits contained in the credit agreements governing our term loan facilities and credit facility, we may be able to incur substantial additional debt from time to time to finance working capital, capital expenditures, share repurchases, investments or acquisitions, or for other purposes. if we do so, the risks related to our level of debt could intensify. specifically, our level of debt could:
•make it more difficult for us to satisfy our debt obligations and other ongoing business obligations, which may result in defaults;
•result in an event of default if we fail to comply with the financial and other covenants contained in the agreement governing our debt, which could result in all of our debt becoming immediately due and payable or require us to negotiate an amendment to financial or other covenants that could cause us to incur additional fees and expenses;
•limit our ability to obtain additional financing to fund future working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions or other general corporate requirements;
•reduce the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes;
•increase our vulnerability to the impact of adverse economic and industry conditions;
•expose us to the risk of increased interest rates as certain of our borrowings, including borrowings under the credit facility, are at variable rates of interest;
•limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, and increasing our vulnerability to, changes in our business, the industries in which we operate, and the overall economy;

•place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to other, less leveraged competitors;
•increase our cost of borrowing; and
•increase our effective tax rate as interest expense could become non-deductible any of the above-listed factors could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and our ability to meet our payment obligations under our debt agreements.
furthermore, borrowings under the credit agreement use the london interbank offering rate (libor) as a benchmark for establishing the interest rate. libor has been the subject of recent national, international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform, and the financial industry is currently transitioning away from libor as a benchmark for the interbank lending market. the consequences of these developments cannot be entirely predicted but could include an increase in the cost of our variable rate indebtedness.
changes to tax laws, variable tax estimates and tax authority audits could impact our financial results and operations.
our operations are subject to income and transaction taxes in the u.s. and in multiple foreign jurisdictions. a change in the tax law in the jurisdictions in which we do business, including an increase in tax rates, an adverse change in the treatment of an item of income or expense, or a decrease in tax rates in a jurisdiction in which we have significant deferred tax assets, could result in a material increase in tax expense. furthermore, we have recorded significant deferred tax liabilities related to acquired intangible assets that are not deductible for tax purposes. these deferred tax liabilities are based on future statutory tax rates in the locations in which the intangible assets are recorded. any future changes in statutory tax rates would be recorded as an adjustment to the deferred tax liabilities in the period the change is announced and could have a material impact on our effective tax rate during that period.
we also make significant estimates in determining our worldwide income tax provision. these estimates involve complex tax regulations in many jurisdictions and are subject to many transactions and calculations in which the ultimate tax outcome is uncertain. the outcome of tax matters could be different than the estimates reflected in the historical income tax provision and related accruals. such differences could have a material impact on income tax expense and net income in the periods in which such determinations are made.
the amount of income tax we pay is subject to ongoing audits by federal, state and foreign tax authorities. these audits can result in additional assessments, including interest and penalties. our estimates for liabilities associated with uncertain tax positions is highly judgmental and actual future outcomes may result in favorable or unfavorable adjustments to our estimated tax liabilities, including estimates for uncertain tax positions, in the period the assessments are made or resolved, audits are closed or when statutes of limitation on potential assessments expire. as a result, our effective tax rate may fluctuate significantly on a quarterly or annual basis.
item 7.management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations business ansys, a delaware corporation formed in 1994, develops and globally markets engineering simulation software and services widely used by engineers, designers, researchers and students across a broad spectrum of industries and academia, including aerospace and defense, automotive, electronics, semiconductors, energy, materials and chemical processing, turbomachinery, consumer products, healthcare, and sports. headquartered south of pittsburgh, pennsylvania, we employed approximately 4,800 people as of december 31, 2020. we focus on the development of open and flexible solutions that enable users to analyze designs directly on the desktop, providing a common platform for fast, efficient and cost-conscious product development, from design concept to final-stage testing and validation. we distribute our suite of simulation technologies through direct sales offices in strategic, global locations and a global network of independent resellers and distributors (collectively, channel partners). it is our intention to continue to maintain this hybrid sales and distribution model.
our strategy of pervasive engineering simulation seeks to deepen the use of simulation in our core, to inject simulation throughout the product lifecycle and to embed simulation into our partners' ecosystems. the engineering software simulation market is strong and growing. its market growth is driven by customers' need for rapid, quality innovation in a cost efficient manner, enabling faster time to market of new products and lower warranty costs. while the transition away from physical prototyping toward simulation is prevalent through all industries, its demand is heightened by investments in high-growth solutions, including 5g, electrification, autonomous and the iiot. our strategy of pervasive engineering simulation is aligned with the market growth.
we license our technology to businesses, educational institutions and governmental agencies. growth in our revenue is affected by the strength of global economies, general business conditions, currency exchange rate fluctuations, customer budgetary constraints and the competitive position of our products. we believe that the features, functionality and integrated multiphysics capabilities of our software products are as strong as they have ever been. however, the software business is generally characterized by long sales cycles. these long sales cycles increase the difficulty of predicting sales for any particular quarter. we make many operational and strategic decisions based upon short- and long-term sales forecasts that are impacted not only by these long sales cycles, but also by current global economic conditions, including the impact of the current covid-19 pandemic. as a result, we believe that our overall performance is best measured by fiscal year results rather than by quarterly results. please see the sub-section entitled "company operational risks" under part i. item 1a. of this annual report on form 10-k for additional discussion of the potential impact of our sales forecasts on our financial condition, cash flows and operating results.
management considers the competition and price pressure that it faces in the short- and long-term by focusing on expanding the breadth, depth, ease of use and quality of the technologies, features, functionality and integrated multiphysics capabilities of our software products as compared to our competitors; investing in research and development to develop new and innovative products and increase the capabilities of our existing products; supplying new products and services; focusing on customer needs, training, consulting and support; and enhancing our distribution channels. we also consider acquisitions to supplement our global engineering talent, product offerings and distribution channels.
overview impact of covid-19
we are continuing to closely monitor the spread of covid-19 and have employed measures to mitigate its potential effects on our business as described in this annual report on form 10-k. the covid-19 pandemic has had, and is expected to continue to have, an adverse impact on our business and our employees.
the health and safety of our employees and their families, our partners and our broad ansys community around the world is a high priority. at the onset of the crisis, we took action to enable our employees to work from home. we closed our offices (including our corporate headquarters), transitioned to a remote work environment and implemented certain travel restrictions, each of which have disrupted how we operate our business. we are continuing to monitor the situation, but as of now remote access remains the primary means of work for a majority of our workforce. remote work arrangements have not adversely affected our ability to maintain effective financial operations, including our financial reporting systems, internal controls over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures. we expect to maintain these effective controls as we continue to work remotely during the covid-19 pandemic.
the impact from the rapidly changing market and economic conditions due to the covid-19 pandemic has disrupted the business of our customers and partners, and has impacted our business and consolidated results of operations. our current expectations regarding future performance are subject to significant uncertainty and dependent upon how widespread the virus table of contents becomes, the duration and severity of the outbreak, the geographic markets affected, the actions taken by governmental authorities to contain the spread of the virus, including the shelter-in-place orders, the nature and scope of government economic recovery measures and other factors. the spread of the virus and economic deterioration caused by the virus have had an adverse impact on our business and, in the future, could have a material adverse impact on our business, as well as on our ability to achieve our financial guidance. we continue to adjust our spending to reflect our expectations for the pace at which economic recovery will occur, while balancing the need to invest for the long-term opportunity. we have also maintained and intend to maintain our commitment to invest in our acquisitions, r&d and certain digital transformation projects, in particular our crm and human resources information system (hris) projects, as those projects are critical to our ability to operate efficiently and scale the business for future growth. during 2020, we onboarded our partner community in crm and we implemented several hris modules, including remote on-boarding. in addition, we continue to strategically invest in research and development, enabling us to stay on track with our product release targets.
please see "risk factors" under part i. item 1a. of this annual report on form 10-k for discussion on additional business risks, including those associated with the covid-19 pandemic.
overall gaap and non-gaap results this section includes a discussion of gaap and non-gaap results. for reconciliations of non-gaap results to gaap results, see the section titled "non-gaap results" herein.
our gaap and non-gaap results for the year ended december 31, 2020 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2019 reflected the following variances:
year ended december 31, 2020
gaap                            non-gaap revenue                          10.9                   %                          10.9     %
operating income                              (3.6)     %                           5.3     %
diluted earnings per share                    (5.3)     %                           1.8     %
we experienced an increase in revenue during the year ended december 31, 2020 due to growth in lease licenses, maintenance and service revenue and contributions from our recent acquisitions, partially offset by reductions in perpetual license revenue. the covid-19 pandemic and trade restrictions with china adversely impacted our revenue during the year ended december 31, 2020 with the most pronounced reductions occurring in perpetual licenses. however, due to our diverse customer base, both from a vertical and geographic perspective, as well as the close relationships with customers, we were able to conduct a large amount of business remotely, which partially mitigated the impacts of the covid-19 outbreak.
we also experienced increased operating expenses primarily due to increased personnel costs, higher stock-based compensation and additional operating expenses related to acquisitions. while our hiring pace was slowed and certain discretionary operational expenses, such as travel, were reduced, the covid-19 pandemic did not have a material impact on our operating expenses during the year ended december 31, 2020.
the non-gaap results exclude the income statement effects of the acquisition accounting adjustments to deferred revenue, stock-based compensation, amortization of acquired intangible assets, transaction expenses related to business combinations, and adjustments related to the transition tax associated with the tax cuts and jobs act.
impact of foreign currency our comparative financial results were impacted by fluctuations in the u.s. dollar during the year ended december 31, 2020 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2019. the net favorable impacts on our gaap and non-gaap revenue and operating income as a result of the weakened u.s. dollar when measured against our primary foreign currencies are reflected in the table below.
year ended december 31, 2020
(in thousands)          gaap                                non-gaap revenue                 $16,841                             $16,775
operating income        $11,986                             $12,211
table of contents in constant currency, our variances were as follows:
year ended december 31, 2020
gaap                                       non-gaap revenue                 9.8         %                             9.8     %
operating income        (6.0)       %                             3.5     %
constant currency amounts exclude the effects of foreign currency fluctuations on the reported results. to present this information, the 2020 results for entities whose functional currency is a currency other than the u.s. dollar were converted to u.s. dollars at rates that were in effect for the 2019 comparable period, rather than the actual exchange rates in effect for 2020. constant currency growth rates are calculated by adjusting the 2020 reported revenue and operating income amounts by the 2020 currency fluctuation impacts and comparing to the 2019 comparable period reported revenue and operating income amounts.
other key business metric annual contract value (acv) is one of our key performance metrics and is useful to investors in assessing the strength and trajectory of our business. given that revenue is variable due to the upfront revenue recognition of multi-year lease license sales, we provide acv as a supplemental metric to help evaluate the annual performance of the business. summed over the long term, acv and revenue lead to similar outcomes. however, there will be years where acv growth lags revenue growth and other years where acv growth leads revenue growth. it is used by management in financial and operational decision-making and in setting sales targets used for compensation. acv should be viewed independently of revenue and deferred revenue as acv is a performance metric and is not intended to be combined with any of these items. there is no gaap measure comparable to acv. acv is composed of the following:
•the annualized value of maintenance and lease contracts with start dates or anniversary dates during the period, plus
•the value of perpetual license contracts with start dates during the period, plus
•the annualized value of fixed-term services contracts with start dates or anniversary dates during the period, plus
•the value of work performed during the period on fixed-deliverable services contracts.
our acv was as follows:
year ended december 31,   change
(in thousands, except percentages)                         2020                                2019   amount                      %                 constant currency %
acv                                             $1,616,301                          $1,461,759        $154,542           10.6              9.3
recurring acv as a percentage of acv                  82.0    %                           77.4    %
recurring acv is composed of both lease licenses and maintenance contracts. the increase in recurring acv reflected for the year ended december 31, 2020 has been driven by a meaningful reduction in perpetual licenses and an increased preference for lease licenses, due in part to the impacts of covid-19.
while the resilience of our business is evident in the growth shown above, the economic conditions due to the covid-19 outbreak have disrupted the business of our customers and partners, and have adversely impacted our business and consolidated results. in addition, trade discussions between the u.s. and china led to certain entities being placed on a restricted entity list. these restrictions limited our ability to deliver products and services to these customers. the 2019 operating results include approximately $20.0 million of acv related to transactions that occurred prior to the placement of the restrictions. these restrictions remained in place throughout 2020.
other financial information our financial position includes $913.2 million in cash and short-term investments, and working capital of $990.4 million as of december 31, 2020.
during the year ended december 31, 2020, we repurchased 0.7 million shares for $161.0 million at an average price of $233.48 per share under our stock repurchase program, all of which occurred during the first quarter. as of december 31, 2020, we had 2.8 million shares remaining available for repurchase under our authorized share repurchase program.
table of contents geographic trends the following table presents our geographic constant currency revenue growth during the year ended december 31, 2020 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2019:
year ended december 31, 2020
americas                                                               21.2           %
europe, middle east and africa (emea)                                   3.8           %
asia-pacific                                                          (2.1)           %
total                                                                   9.8           %
to drive growth, we continue to focus on a number of sales improvement activities across the geographic regions, including sales hiring, pipeline building, productivity initiatives and customer engagement activities.
continued trade tensions between the u.s. and china, together with the uncertainty around the covid-19 outbreak, may further restrict our ability to sell and distribute our products to certain customers and our ability to collect against existing trade receivables and could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. refer to additional details in "risk factors" under part i. item 1a. of this annual report on form 10-k industry commentary:
our three largest industries - high-tech, automotive and aerospace and defense (a&d) - remained strong throughout 2020 as companies accelerate their digital transformation initiatives. the high-tech industry was positively impacted by companies' continued investments in the development of the next generation of increasingly complex chips and technology to support the applications of 5g, autonomy and other high growth areas. the automotive industry maintained its growth through the development of electrification and autonomous technologies. while the commercial aviation sector continues to be significantly impacted by the dramatic reduction in demand for global air travel, the continued needs of national security ensure that the defense segment has remained strong and buoyed our overall performance in the aerospace and defense industry.
table of contents acquisitions we make targeted acquisitions in order to support our long-term strategic direction, accelerate innovation, provide increased capabilities to our existing products, supply new products and services, expand our customer base and enhance our distribution channels. our recent acquisitions are as follows:
date of closing                             company                purchase price                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      details
2020 acquisitions december 1, 2020                                agi                $722.5 million                                          agi, a premier provider of mission-simulation, modeling, testing and analysis software for aerospace, defense and intelligence applications, expands the scope of our offerings, empowering users to solve challenges by simulating from the chip level all the way to a customer's entire mission.
april 1, 2020                             lumerical                $107.5 million                                                                                              lumerical, a leading developer of photonic design and simulation tools, adds best-in-class photonic products to our multiphysics portfolio, providing customers with a full set of solutions to solve their next-generation product challenges.
2019 acquisitions november 1, 2019                                lst                $781.5 million                            lst, the premier provider of explicit dynamics and other advanced finite element analysis technology, empowers our customers to solve a new class of engineering challenges, including developing safer automobiles, aircraft and trains while reducing or even eliminating the need for costly physical testing.
november 1, 2019                            dynardo                           (1)                                                                        dynardo, a leading provider of multidisciplinary analysis and optimization technology, gives our customers access to a full suite of process integration and robust design tools - empowering users to identify optimal product designs faster and more economically.
may 1, 2019                           dfr solutions                           (1)                                                                                                   dfr solutions' electronics reliability technology, combined with our existing comprehensive multiphysics portfolio, gives our customers a complete designer-level solution to analyze for electronics failure earlier in the design cycle.
february 4, 2019                              helic                           (1)                                    helic, the industry-leading provider of electromagnetic crosstalk solutions for systems on chips, combined with our flagship electromagnetic and semiconductor solvers, provides a comprehensive solution for on-chip, 3d integrated circuit and chip-package-system electromagnetics and noise analysis.
february 1, 2019                      granta design                $208.7 million                                                                                                       granta design, the premier provider of materials information technology, expands our portfolio into this important area, giving customers access to materials intelligence, including data that is critical to successful simulations.
2018 acquisition may 2, 2018                                   optis                $291.0 million                optis, a premier provider of software for scientific simulation of light, human vision and physics-based visualization, extends our portfolio into the area of optical simulation to provide comprehensive sensor solutions, covering visible and infrared light, electromagnetics and acoustics for camera, radar and lidar.
(1) the combined purchase price of these acquisitions was $138.5 million, each of which was individually insignificant.
for further information on our business combinations during the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements included in part iv, item 15 of this annual report on form 10-k.
table of contents results of operations for purposes of the following discussion and analysis, the table below sets forth certain consolidated financial data for the years 2020, 2019 and 2018. the operating results of our acquisitions have been included in the results of operations since their respective acquisition dates.
year ended december 31,
(in thousands)                            2020                       2019                          2018
revenue:
software licenses                                     $780,850                      $699,630                      $576,717
maintenance and service                                900,447                       816,262                       716,919
total revenue                                        1,681,297                     1,515,892                     1,293,636
cost of sales:
software licenses                                       30,618                        23,944                        18,619
amortization                                            40,642                        21,710                        27,034
maintenance and service                                154,004                       120,619                       110,232
total cost of sales                                    225,264                       166,273                       155,885
gross profit                                         1,456,033                     1,349,619                     1,137,751
operating expenses:
selling, general and administrative                    587,707                       521,200                       413,580
research and development                               355,371                       298,210                       233,802
amortization                                            16,599                        15,169                        13,795
total operating expenses                               959,677                       834,579                       661,177
operating income                                       496,356                       515,040                       476,574
interest income                                          5,073                        12,796                        11,419
interest expense                                      (10,988)                       (3,461)                          (59)
other income (expense), net                              3,484                       (1,792)                         (849)
income before income tax provision                     493,925                       522,583                       487,085
income tax provision                                    60,038                        71,288                        67,710
net income                                            $433,887                      $451,295                      $419,375
table of contents year ended december 31, 2020 compared to year ended december 31, 2019
acv:
year ended december 31,   change
(in thousands, except percentages)                         2020                                2019   amount                      %                 constant currency %
acv                                             $1,616,301                          $1,461,759        $154,542           10.6              9.3
recurring acv as a percentage of acv                  82.0    %                           77.4    %
revenue:
year ended december 31,                                                                       change
(in thousands, except percentages)                      2020   2019                                          amount                     %                 constant currency %
revenue:
lease licenses                                 $500,105                            $406,043            $94,062                    23.2                          21.3
perpetual licenses                              280,745                             293,587           (12,842)                   (4.4)                         (5.4)
software licenses                               780,850                             699,630             81,220                    11.6                          10.1
maintenance                                     840,597                             760,574             80,023                    10.5                           9.8
service                                          59,850                              55,688              4,162                     7.5                           6.8
maintenance and service                         900,447                             816,262             84,185                    10.3                           9.6
total revenue                                $1,681,297                          $1,515,892           $165,405                    10.9                           9.8
our revenue in the year ended december 31, 2020 increased 10.9% as compared to the year ended december 31, 2019, while revenue grew 9.8% in constant currency. the growth rate was favorably impacted by our continued investments in our global sales, support and marketing organizations, the timing and duration of our multi-year lease contracts, and our 2020 and 2019 acquisitions product sales contributed incremental revenue of $84.9 million. the growth rate was negatively impacted by the trade restrictions between the united states and china, and the impact of covid-19. lease license revenue increased 23.2%, or 21.3% in constant currency, as compared to the year ended december 31, 2019. annual maintenance contracts that were sold with new perpetual licenses, maintenance contracts for new perpetual licenses sold in previous years and the maintenance portion of lease license contracts collectively contributed to maintenance revenue growth of 10.5%, or 9.8% in constant currency. service revenue, driven primarily by a focus on service offerings that provide mentorship on simulation best practices, training and expanding simulation adoption, increased 7.5%, or 6.8% in constant currency, as compared to the year ended december 31, 2019. perpetual license revenue, which is derived primarily from new sales during the year ended december 31, 2020, decreased 4.4%, or 5.4% in constant currency, as compared to the year ended december 31, 2019.
we continue to experience increased interest by some of our larger customers in enterprise agreements that often include longer-term, time-based licenses involving a larger number of our software products. while these arrangements typically involve a higher overall transaction price, the upfront recognition of license revenue related to these larger, multi-year transactions can result in significantly higher lease license revenue volatility. software products, across a large variety of applications and industries, are increasingly distributed in software-as-a-service, cloud and other subscription environments in which the licensing approach is time-based rather than perpetual, resulting in shifting preferences from perpetual licenses to time-based licenses across a broader spectrum of our customers. this dynamic was elevated in 2020 as a result of the economic impacts of covid-19, and we expect it to continue into the foreseeable future.
in relation to covid-19 and our revenue, we currently expect a recovery in the business environment as reliable vaccines become more readily available. globally, businesses have not resumed full operations and our teams and those of our customers will likely continue working remotely into 2021. as a result of social distancing, our in-person demand generation events and those of our channel partners have been canceled. while we have adjusted to have a stronger digital focus, as evidenced by our hosting of our annual sales conference virtually in january, the absence of certain events has had and is expected to continue to have an adverse impact on our results, especially for certain channel partners. in addition, we have experienced delays in the timing of closing certain transactions, including large enterprise-type deals. these deals are often multi-year leases which have a significant impact on our operating results due to up-front revenue recognition of the license. we expect this trend to continue and anticipate that customers will delay certain purchases, reduce the size of planned purchases or forgo purchases that otherwise were expected to occur. additional waves or mutated variants of covid-19 could result in renewed shutdowns that stop or regress economic recovery.
table of contents with respect to revenue, on average for the year ended december 31, 2020, the u.s. dollar was approximately 2.4% weaker, when measured against our primary foreign currencies, than for the year ended december 31, 2019. the table below presents the impacts of currency fluctuations on revenue for the year ended december 31, 2020. amounts in brackets indicate a net adverse impact from currency fluctuations.
(in thousands)            year ended december 31, 2020
euro                               $11,803
japanese yen                         4,067
taiwan dollar                        1,376
british pound                        1,078
indian rupee                       (1,294)
other                                (189)
total                              $16,841
the impacts from currency fluctuations resulted in increased operating income of $12.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2020 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2019.
as a percentage of revenue, our international and domestic revenues, and our direct and indirect revenues, were as follows:
year ended december 31,
2020                                                       2019
international           53.8    %                     57.9    %
domestic                46.2    %                     42.1    %
direct                  77.8    %                     77.1    %
indirect                22.2    %                     22.9    %
in valuing deferred revenue on the balance sheets of our recent acquisitions as of their respective acquisition dates, we applied the fair value provisions applicable to the accounting for business combinations, resulting in a reduction of deferred revenue as compared to the historical carrying amount. as a result, our post-acquisition revenue will be less than the sum of what would have otherwise been reported by us and each acquiree absent the acquisitions. the impacts on reported revenue were $14.2 million and $12.5 million for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. the expected impacts on reported revenue are $9.0 million and $19.5 million for the quarter ending march 31, 2021 and the year ending december 31, 2021, respectively.
table of contents cost of sales and operating expenses:
the tables below reflect our operating results as presented on the consolidated statements of income, which are inclusive of foreign currency translation impacts. amounts included in the discussions that follow each table are provided in constant currency and are inclusive of costs related to our acquisitions. the impact of foreign exchange translation is discussed separately, where material. the 2020 and 2019 acquisitions contributed $57.9 million to the overall increase in cost of sales and operating expenses, inclusive of intangible asset amortization, with the most significant contribution from lst (acquired november 1, 2019) of $37.9 million.
year ended december 31,
2020                                                                                                                            2019                                              change
(in thousands, except percentages)                    amount                       % of                           amount                       % of                      amount                 %
revenue                                                     revenue cost of sales:
software licenses                               $30,618                        1.8                          $23,944                        1.6                      $6,674                27.9
amortization                                     40,642                        2.4                           21,710                        1.4                      18,932                87.2
maintenance and service                         154,004                        9.2                          120,619                        8.0                      33,385                27.7
total cost of sales                             225,264                       13.4                          166,273                       11.0                      58,991                35.5
gross profit                                 $1,456,033                       86.6                       $1,349,619                       89.0                    $106,414                 7.9
software licenses: the increase in the cost of software licenses was due to increased third-party royalties of $7.1 million.
amortization: the increase in amortization expense was due to the amortization of newly acquired intangible assets.
maintenance and service: the net increase in maintenance and service costs was primarily due to the following:
•increased salaries and other headcount-related costs of $15.8 million.
•increased third-party technical support of $7.1 million.
•increased stock-based compensation of $5.1 million.
•increased consulting costs of $2.7 million.
•increased it maintenance and software hosting costs of $1.5 million.
•increased costs related to foreign exchange translation of $1.1 million due to a weaker u.s. dollar.
•decreased business travel of $2.2 million due to covid-19.
the improvement in gross profit was a result of the increase in revenue, partially offset by the increase in the related cost of sales.
table of contents year ended december 31,
2020                                                                                                                        2019                                              change
(in thousands, except percentages)                  amount                       % of                         amount                       % of                      amount                 %
revenue                                                   revenue operating expenses:
selling, general and administrative          $587,707                       35.0                       $521,200                       34.4                     $66,507                12.8
research and development                      355,371                       21.1                        298,210                       19.7                      57,161                19.2
amortization                                   16,599                        1.0                         15,169                        1.0                       1,430                 9.4
total operating expenses                     $959,677                       57.1                       $834,579                       55.1                    $125,098                15.0
selling, general and administrative: the net increase in selling, general and administrative costs was primarily due to the following:
•increased salaries, incentive compensation and other headcount-related costs of $40.3 million.
•increased stock-based compensation of $12.9 million.
•increased third-party commissions of $8.4 million.
•increased it maintenance and software hosting costs of $5.2 million.
•increased bad debt expense of $3.5 million due to expected losses related to covid-19.
•increased marketing expenses of $3.0 million.
•increased costs related to foreign exchange translation of $2.8 million due to a weaker u.s. dollar.
•decreased business travel of $16.0 million due to covid-19.
we anticipate that we will continue to make targeted investments in our global sales and marketing organizations and our global business infrastructure to enhance and support our revenue-generating activities.
research and development: the increase in research and development costs was primarily due to the following:
•increased salaries and other headcount-related costs of $38.0 million.
•increased stock-based compensation of $11.4 million.
•increased it maintenance and software hosting costs of $4.4 million.
we have traditionally invested significant resources in research and development activities and intend to continue to make investments in expanding the ease of use and capabilities of our broad portfolio of simulation software products, even with the on-going covid-19 pandemic.
interest income: interest income for the year ended december 31, 2020 was $5.1 million as compared to $12.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. interest income decreased as a result of a lower interest rate environment and the related decrease in the average rate of return on invested cash balances.
interest expense: interest expense for the year ended december 31, 2020 was $11.0 million as compared to $3.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. interest expense increased as a result of the interest incurred on debt financing obtained in connection with the acquisitions of agi and lst in the fourth quarters of 2020 and 2019, respectively.
other income (expense), net: our other income (expense) consisted of the following:
year ended december 31,
(in thousands)                                      2020                              2019
investment gains, net                        $3,648                              $333
foreign currency losses, net                  (194)                           (2,510)
other                                            30                               385
total other income (expense), net            $3,484                          $(1,792)
table of contents income tax provision: our income before income tax provision, income tax provision and effective tax rate were as follows:
year ended december 31,
(in thousands, except percentages)                    2020                              2019
income before income tax provision           $493,925                          $522,583
income tax provision                          $60,038                           $71,288
effective tax rate                               12.2    %                         13.6    %
the decrease in the effective tax rate from the prior year was primarily due to tax benefits of $7.5 million related to entity structuring activities and increased benefits from research and development credits of $4.1 million. these benefits were partially offset by decreased benefits of $6.1 million in the foreign-derived intangible income (fdii) deduction and the decrease in releases of valuation allowance of $2.6 million.
when compared to the federal and state combined statutory rate for each respective period, the effective tax rates for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019 were also favorably impacted by tax benefits from stock-based compensation, the fdii deduction, and research and development credits.
net income: our net income, diluted earnings per share and weighted average shares used in computing diluted earnings per share were as follows:
year ended december 31,
(in thousands, except per share data)                             2020   2019
net income                                               $433,887                          $451,295
diluted earnings per share                                  $4.97                             $5.25
weighted average shares outstanding - diluted              87,288                            85,925
table of contents year ended december 31, 2019 compared to year ended december 31, 2018
acv:
year ended december 31,   change
(in thousands, except percentages)                         2019                                2018   amount                      %                 constant currency %
acv                                             $1,461,759                          $1,325,211        $136,548           10.3              12.0
recurring acv as a percentage of acv                  77.4    %                           76.9    %
revenue:
year ended december 31,                                                                       change
(in thousands, except percentages)                      2019   2018                                          amount                     %                 constant currency %
revenue:
lease licenses                                 $406,043                            $275,619           $130,424                    47.3                          49.4
perpetual licenses                              293,587                             301,098            (7,511)                   (2.5)                         (1.1)
software licenses                               699,630                             576,717            122,913                    21.3                          23.1
maintenance                                     760,574                             676,883             83,691                    12.4                          14.3
service                                          55,688                              40,036             15,652                    39.1                          41.5
maintenance and service                         816,262                             716,919             99,343                    13.9                          15.8
total revenue                                $1,515,892                          $1,293,636           $222,256                    17.2                          19.0
our revenue in the year ended december 31, 2019 increased 17.2% as compared to the year ended december 31, 2018, or 19.0% in constant currency. the growth rate was favorably impacted by our continued investments in our global sales, support and marketing organizations, as well as our 2019 and 2018 acquisitions which contributed incremental revenue of $72.9 million. lease license revenue increased 47.3%, or 49.4% in constant currency, as compared to the year ended december 31, 2018, driven primarily by an increase in multi-year lease contracts. annual maintenance contracts that were sold with new perpetual licenses, maintenance contracts for new perpetual licenses sold in previous years and the maintenance portion of lease license contracts each contributed to maintenance revenue growth of 12.4%, or 14.3% in constant currency. service revenue, driven primarily by a focus on service offerings that provide on-site mentorship on simulation best practices, training and expanding simulation adoption, increased 39.1%, or 41.5% in constant currency, as compared to the year ended december 31, 2018. perpetual license revenue, which is derived primarily from new sales during the year ended december 31, 2019, decreased 2.5%, or 1.1% in constant currency, as compared to the year ended december 31, 2018.
table of contents with respect to revenue, on average for the year ended december 31, 2019, the u.s. dollar was approximately 3.3% stronger, when measured against our primary foreign currencies, than for the year ended december 31, 2018. the table below presents the impacts of currency fluctuations on revenue for the year ended december 31, 2019. amounts in brackets indicate an adverse impact from currency fluctuations.
(in thousands)               year ended december 31, 2019
euro                                $(17,361)
south korean won                      (5,097)
british pound                         (1,881)
japanese yen                            1,791
other                                 (1,460)
total                               $(24,008)
the impacts from currency fluctuations resulted in decreased operating income of $10.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2019 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2018.
as a percentage of revenue, our international and domestic revenues, and our direct and indirect revenues, were as follows:
year ended december 31,
2019                                                       2018
international           57.9    %                     60.9    %
domestic                42.1    %                     39.1    %
direct                  77.1    %                     77.6    %
indirect                22.9    %                     22.4    %
in valuing deferred revenue on the balance sheets of our recent acquisitions as of their respective acquisition dates, we applied the fair value provisions applicable to the accounting for business combinations, resulting in a reduction of deferred revenue as compared to the historical carrying amount. as a result, our post-acquisition revenue will be less than the sum of what would have otherwise been reported by us and each acquiree absent the acquisitions. the impacts on reported revenue were $12.5 million and $9.4 million for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
table of contents cost of sales and operating expenses:
the tables below reflect our operating results as presented on the consolidated statements of income, which are inclusive of foreign currency translation impacts. amounts included in the discussions that follow each table are provided in constant currency and are inclusive of costs related to our acquisitions. the impact of foreign exchange translation is discussed separately, where material. the 2019 and 2018 acquisitions contributed $54.7 million to the overall increase in cost of sales and operating expenses with the most significant contributions from the optis (may 2, 2018) and granta design (february 1, 2019) acquisitions of $17.3 million and $18.9 million, respectively.
year ended december 31,
2019                                                                                                                            2018                                              change
(in thousands, except percentages)                    amount                       % of                           amount                       % of                      amount                       %
revenue                                                     revenue cost of sales:
software licenses                               $23,944                        1.6                          $18,619                        1.4                      $5,325                      28.6
amortization                                     21,710                        1.4                           27,034                        2.1                     (5,324)                    (19.7)
maintenance and service                         120,619                        8.0                          110,232                        8.5                      10,387                       9.4
total cost of sales                             166,273                       11.0                          155,885                       12.1                      10,388                       6.7
gross profit                                 $1,349,619                       89.0                       $1,137,751                       87.9                    $211,868                      18.6
software licenses: the increase in the cost of software licenses was primarily due to increased third-party royalties of $5.6 million.
amortization: the net decrease in amortization expense was primarily due to a decrease in the amortization of trade names and acquired technology due to assets that became fully amortized, which was partially offset by the amortization of newly acquired intangible assets.
maintenance and service: the net increase in maintenance and service costs was primarily due to the following:
•increased salaries of $4.0 million.
•increased stock-based compensation of $3.3 million.
•increased consulting costs of $1.7 million.
•increased it maintenance and software hosting costs of $1.3 million.
•decreased costs related to foreign exchange translation of $2.0 million due to a stronger u.s. dollar.
the improvement in gross profit was a result of the increase in revenue, partially offset by the increase in the related cost of sales.
table of contents year ended december 31,
2019                                                                                                                        2018                                              change
(in thousands, except percentages)                  amount                       % of                         amount                       % of                      amount                 %
revenue                                                   revenue operating expenses:
selling, general and administrative          $521,200                       34.4                       $413,580                       32.0                    $107,620                26.0
research and development                      298,210                       19.7                        233,802                       18.1                      64,408                27.5
amortization                                   15,169                        1.0                         13,795                        1.1                       1,374                10.0
total operating expenses                     $834,579                       55.1                       $661,177                       51.1                    $173,402                26.2
selling, general and administrative: the net increase in selling, general and administrative costs was primarily due to the following:
•increased salaries, incentive compensation and other headcount-related costs of $63.7 million.
•increased stock-based compensation of $13.5 million.
•increased business travel of $6.5 million.
•increased marketing expenses of $5.4 million.
•increased professional fees of $4.5 million.
•increased consulting costs of $4.2 million.
•decreased costs related to foreign exchange translation of $7.1 million due to a stronger u.s. dollar.
research and development: the increase in research and development costs was primarily due to the following:
•increased salaries, incentive compensation and other headcount-related costs of $41.1 million.
•increased stock-based compensation of $16.0 million.
interest income: interest income for the year ended december 31, 2019 was $12.8 million as compared to $11.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2018. interest income increased as a result of an increase in the average rate of return on invested cash balances.
interest expense: interest expense for the year ended december 31, 2019 was $3.5 million as compared to $0.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2018. interest expense increased as a result of the interest incurred on debt financing obtained in fiscal year 2019.
other expense, net: our other expense consisted of the following:
year ended december 31,
(in thousands)                      2019                                          2018
foreign currency losses, net        $(2,510)                             $(3,058)
investment gains, net               333                                     2,204
other                               385                                         5
total other expense, net            $(1,792)                               $(849)
income tax provision: our income before income tax provision, income tax provision and effective tax rate were as follows:
year ended december 31,
(in thousands, except percentages)                    2019                              2018
income before income tax provision           $522,583                          $487,085
income tax provision                          $71,288                           $67,710
effective tax rate                               13.6    %                         13.9    %
the decrease in the effective tax rate from the prior year was primarily due to $6.7 million of benefit related to the release of a valuation allowance in a foreign jurisdiction and $1.8 million of benefit related to transition tax recorded in 2019. these table of contents benefits are offset by $6.7 million of benefit recorded in 2018 related to global legal entity restructuring activities that did not recur in 2019.
when compared to the federal and state combined statutory rate for each respective period, the effective tax rates for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018 were favorably impacted by tax benefits from stock-based compensation, the foreign-derived intangible income deduction, and research and development credits.
net income: our net income, diluted earnings per share and weighted average shares used in computing diluted earnings per share were as follows:
year ended december 31,
(in thousands, except per share data)                             2019   2018
net income                                               $451,295                          $419,375
diluted earnings per share                                  $5.25                             $4.88
weighted average shares outstanding - diluted              85,925                            85,913
table of contents non-gaap results we provide non-gaap revenue, non-gaap gross profit, non-gaap gross profit margin, non-gaap operating income, non-gaap operating profit margin, non-gaap net income and non-gaap diluted earnings per share as supplemental measures to gaap regarding our operational performance. these financial measures exclude the impact of certain items and, therefore, have not been calculated in accordance with gaap. a detailed explanation and a reconciliation of each non-gaap financial measure to its most comparable gaap financial measure are included below.
ansys, inc. and subsidiaries reconciliations of gaap to non-gaap measures
(unaudited)
year ended december 31, 2020
(in thousands, except percentages and per share data)       revenue                          gross profit                               %               operating income                            %                      net income                   eps - diluted1
total gaap                                                  $1,681,297                       $1,456,033                          86.6   %               $496,356                             29.5   %                  $433,887                           $4.97
acquisition accounting for deferred revenue                 14,201                           14,201                               0.1   %               14,201                                0.6   %                    14,201                            0.16
stock-based compensation expense                            -                                13,626                               0.8   %               145,615                               8.6   %                   145,615                            1.66
excess payroll taxes related to stock-based awards          -                    813                                              0.1   %               10,111                                0.6   %                    10,111                            0.12
amortization of intangible assets from acquisitions         -                                40,642                               2.4   %               57,241                                3.4   %                    57,241                            0.66
transaction expenses related to business combinations       -                                -                                      -   %               5,129                                 0.3   %                     5,129                            0.06
rabbi trust (income) / expense                              -                                -                                      -   %               -                                       -   %                       (6)                               -
adjustment for income tax effect                            -                                -                                      -   %               -                                       -   %                  (81,574)                          (0.93)
total non-gaap                                              $1,695,498                       $1,525,315                          90.0   %               $728,653                             43.0   %                  $584,604                           $6.70
1 diluted weighted average shares were 87,288.
46
table of contents year ended december 31, 2019
(in thousands, except percentages and per share data)       revenue                       gross profit                          %                 operating income                  %                   net income                eps - diluted1
total gaap                                                  $1,515,892                    $1,349,619                     89.0   %                 $515,040                   34.0   %               $451,295                        $5.25
acquisition accounting for deferred revenue                 12,514                        12,514                          0.1   %                   12,514                    0.5   %                 12,514                         0.15
stock-based compensation expense                            -                             8,494                           0.5   %                  116,190                    7.7   %                116,190                         1.34
excess payroll taxes related to stock-based awards          -                    518                                      0.1   %                    4,920                    0.3   %                  4,920                         0.06
amortization of intangible assets from acquisitions         -                             21,710                          1.4   %                   36,879                    2.4   %                 36,879                         0.43
transaction expenses related to business combinations       -                             -                                 -   %                    6,590                    0.4   %                  6,590                         0.08
rabbi trust (income) / expense                              -                             -                                 -   %                        -                      -   %                  (369)                            -
adjustment related to the tax cuts and jobs act             -                             -                                 -   %                        -                      -   %                (1,834)                       (0.02)
adjustment for income tax effect                            -                             -                                 -   %                        -                      -   %               (61,188)                       (0.71)
total non-gaap                                              $1,528,406                    $1,392,855                     91.1   %                 $692,133                   45.3   %               $564,997                        $6.58
1 diluted weighted average shares were 85,925.
year ended december 31, 2018
(in thousands, except percentages and per share data)       revenue                       gross profit                          %                 operating income                  %                   net income                eps - diluted1
total gaap                                                  $1,293,636                    $1,137,751                     87.9   %                 $476,574                   36.8   %               $419,375                        $4.88
acquisition accounting for deferred revenue                 9,442                         9,442                           0.1   %                    9,442                    0.4   %                  9,442                         0.11
stock-based compensation expense                            -                             5,224                           0.4   %                   83,346                    6.4   %                 83,346                         0.97
excess payroll taxes related to stock-based awards          -                    354                                      0.1   %                    4,299                    0.4   %                  4,299                         0.05
amortization of intangible assets from acquisitions         -                             27,034                          2.0   %                   40,829                    3.1   %                 40,829                         0.48
transaction expenses related to business combinations       -                             -                                 -   %                    3,526                    0.3   %                  3,526                         0.04
rabbi trust (income) / expense                              -                             -                                 -   %                        -                      -   %                     71                            -
adjustment related to the tax cuts and jobs act             -                             -                                 -   %                        -                      -   %                    895                         0.01
adjustment for income tax effect                            -                             -                                 -   %                        -                      -   %               (47,898)                       (0.56)
total non-gaap                                              $1,303,078                    $1,179,805                     90.5   %                 $618,016                   47.4   %               $513,885                        $5.98
1 diluted weighted average shares were 85,913.
we use non-gaap financial measures (a) to evaluate our historical and prospective financial performance as well as our performance relative to our competitors, (b) to set internal sales targets and spending budgets, (c) to allocate resources, (d) to measure operational profitability and the accuracy of forecasting, (e) to assess financial discipline over operational expenditures and (f) as an important factor in determining variable compensation for management and employees. in addition, many financial analysts that follow us focus on and publish both historical results and future projections based on non-gaap table of contents financial measures. we believe that it is in the best interest of our investors to provide this information to analysts so that they accurately report the non-gaap financial information. moreover, investors have historically requested, and we have historically reported, these non-gaap financial measures as a means of providing consistent and comparable information with past reports of financial results.
while we believe that these non-gaap financial measures provide useful supplemental information to investors, there are limitations associated with the use of these non-gaap financial measures. these non-gaap financial measures are not prepared in accordance with gaap, are not reported by all our competitors and may not be directly comparable to similarly titled measures of our competitors due to potential differences in the exact method of calculation. we compensate for these limitations by using these non-gaap financial measures as supplements to gaap financial measures and by reviewing the reconciliations of the non-gaap financial measures to their most comparable gaap financial measures.
the adjustments to these non-gaap financial measures, and the basis for such adjustments, are outlined below:
acquisition accounting for deferred revenue. historically, we have consummated acquisitions in order to support our strategic and other business objectives. in accordance with the fair value provisions applicable to the accounting for business combinations, acquired deferred revenue is often recorded on the opening balance sheet at an amount that is lower than the historical carrying value. although this acquisition accounting requirement has no impact on our business or cash flow, it adversely impacts our reported gaap revenue in the reporting periods following an acquisition. in order to provide investors with financial information that facilitates comparison of both historical and future results, we provide non-gaap financial measures which exclude the impact of the acquisition accounting adjustment. we believe that this non-gaap financial adjustment is useful to investors because it allows investors to (a) evaluate the effectiveness of the methodology and information used by us in our financial and operational decision-making, and (b) compare our past and future reports of financial results as the revenue reduction related to acquired deferred revenue will not recur when related lease licenses and software maintenance contracts are renewed in future periods.
amortization of intangible assets from acquisitions. we incur amortization of intangible assets, included in our gaap presentation of amortization expense, related to various acquisitions we have made. we exclude these expenses for the purpose of calculating non-gaap gross profit, non-gaap gross profit margin, non-gaap operating income, non-gaap operating profit margin, non-gaap net income and non-gaap diluted earnings per share when we evaluate our continuing operational performance because these costs are fixed at the time of an acquisition, are then amortized over a period of several years after the acquisition and generally cannot be changed or influenced by us after the acquisition. accordingly, we do not consider these expenses for purposes of evaluating our performance during the applicable time period after the acquisition, and we exclude such expenses when making decisions to allocate resources. we believe that these non-gaap financial measures are useful to investors because they allow investors to (a) evaluate the effectiveness of the methodology and information used by us in our financial and operational decision-making, and (b) compare our past reports of financial results as we have historically reported these non-gaap financial measures.
stock-based compensation expense. we incur expense related to stock-based compensation included in our gaap presentation of cost of maintenance and service; research and development expense; and selling, general and administrative expense. this non-gaap adjustment also includes excess payroll tax expense related to stock-based compensation. stock-based compensation expense (benefit) incurred in connection with our deferred compensation plan held in a rabbi trust includes an offsetting benefit (charge) recorded in other income (expense). although stock-based compensation is an expense and viewed as a form of compensation, we exclude these expenses for the purpose of calculating non-gaap gross profit, non-gaap gross profit margin, non-gaap operating income, non-gaap operating profit margin, non-gaap net income and non-gaap diluted earnings per share when we evaluate our continuing operational performance. we similarly exclude income (expense) related to assets held in a rabbi trust in connection with our deferred compensation plan. specifically, we exclude stock-based compensation and income (expense) related to assets held in the deferred compensation plan rabbi trust during our annual budgeting process and our quarterly and annual assessments of our performance. the annual budgeting process is the primary mechanism whereby we allocate resources to various initiatives and operational requirements. additionally, the annual review by our board of directors during which it compares our historical business model and profitability to the planned business model and profitability for the forthcoming year excludes the impact of stock-based compensation. in evaluating the performance of our senior management and department managers, charges related to stock-based compensation are excluded from expenditure and profitability results. in fact, we record stock-based compensation expense into a stand-alone cost center for which no single operational manager is responsible or accountable. in this way, we can review, on a period-to-period basis, each manager's performance and assess financial discipline over operational expenditures without the effect of stock-based compensation. we believe that these non-gaap financial measures are useful to investors because they allow investors to (a) evaluate our operating results and the effectiveness of the methodology used by us to review our operating results, and (b) review historical comparability in our financial reporting as well as comparability with competitors' operating results.
table of contents transaction expenses related to business combinations. we incur expenses for professional services rendered in connection with business combinations, which are included in our gaap presentation of selling, general and administrative expense. these expenses are generally not tax-deductible. we exclude these acquisition-related transaction expenses, derived from announced acquisitions, for the purpose of calculating non-gaap operating income, non-gaap operating profit margin, non-gaap net income and non-gaap diluted earnings per share when we evaluate our continuing operational performance, as we generally would not have otherwise incurred these expenses in the periods presented as a part of our operations. we believe that these non-gaap financial measures are useful to investors because they allow investors to (a) evaluate our operating results and the effectiveness of the methodology used by us to review our operating results, and (b) review historical comparability in our financial reporting as well as comparability with competitors' operating results.
tax cuts and jobs act. we recorded impacts to our income tax provision related to the enactment of the tax cuts and jobs act of 2017, specifically for the transition tax related to unrepatriated cash. we exclude these impacts for the purpose of calculating non-gaap net income and non-gaap diluted earnings per share when we evaluate our continuing operational performance, as (i) the charges are not expected to recur as part of our normal operations and (ii) the charges resulted from the extremely infrequent event of major u.s. tax reform, the last such reform having occurred in 1986. we believe that these non-gaap financial measures are useful to investors because they allow investors to (a) evaluate our operating results and the effectiveness of the methodology used by us to review our operating results, and (b) review historical comparability in our financial reporting.
non-gaap tax provision. we utilize a normalized non-gaap annual effective tax rate (aetr) to calculate non-gaap measures. this methodology provides better consistency across interim reporting periods by eliminating the effects of non-recurring items and aligning the non-gaap tax rate with our expected geographic earnings mix. to project this rate, we analyzed our historic and projected non-gaap earnings mix by geography along with other factors such as our current tax structure, recurring tax credits and incentives, and expected tax positions. on an annual basis we will re-evaluate this rate for significant items that may materially affect our projections.
non-gaap financial measures are not in accordance with, or an alternative for, gaap. our non-gaap financial measures are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable gaap financial measures and should be read only in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with gaap.
we have provided a reconciliation of the non-gaap financial measures to the most directly comparable gaap financial measures as listed below:
gaap reporting measure           non-gaap reporting measure revenue                          non-gaap revenue gross profit                     non-gaap gross profit gross profit margin              non-gaap gross profit margin operating income                 non-gaap operating income operating profit margin          non-gaap operating profit margin net income                       non-gaap net income diluted earnings per share       non-gaap diluted earnings per share table of contents liquidity and capital resources as of december 31,   change
(in thousands, except percentages)                       2020                        2019                              amount                           %
cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments                    $913,151                          $872,382        $40,769                     4.7
working capital                                                      $990,412                          $860,340        $130,072                   15.1
cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments cash and cash equivalents consist primarily of highly liquid investments such as money market funds and deposits held at major banks. short-term investments consist primarily of deposits held by certain of our foreign subsidiaries with original maturities of three months to one year. the following table presents our foreign and domestic holdings of cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments:
as of december 31,
(in thousands, except percentages)                   2020                 % of total   2019                                    % of total domestic                                     $582,882                     63.8                     $626,433                    71.8
foreign                                       330,269                     36.2                      245,949                    28.2
total                                        $913,151                                              $872,382
in general, it is our intention to permanently reinvest all earnings in excess of previously taxed amounts. substantially all of the pre-2018 earnings of our non-u.s. subsidiaries were taxed through the transition tax and post-2018 current earnings are taxed as part of global intangible low-taxed income tax expense. these taxes increase our previously taxed earnings and allow for the repatriation of the majority of our foreign earnings without any residual u.s. federal tax. while we believe that the financial reporting bases may be greater than the tax bases of investments in foreign subsidiaries for any earnings in excess of previously taxed amounts, such amounts are considered permanently reinvested. the cumulative temporary difference related to such permanently reinvested earnings is approximately $93.0 million and we would anticipate the tax effect on those earnings to be immaterial.
the amount of cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments held by foreign subsidiaries is subject to translation adjustments caused by changes in foreign currency exchange rates as of the end of each respective reporting period, the offset to which is recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss on our consolidated balance sheet.
cash flows from operating activities year ended december 31,                                             change
(in thousands)                                  2020                       2019                          2018                               2020 vs. 2019                 2019 vs. 2018
net cash provided by operating activities                   $547,310                      $499,936                      $484,988           $47,374                       $14,948
fiscal year 2020 as compared to fiscal year 2019
net cash provided by operating activities increased during the current fiscal year due to increased net income (net of non-cash operating adjustments) of $25.8 million and increased net cash flows from operating assets and liabilities of $21.6 million. the growth in net cash provided by operating activities was impacted by strong customer receipts in the fourth quarter, including both the recovery of payments delayed from earlier in the year due to covid-19, as well as the receipt of payments that were scheduled to be received in 2021. the growth was further aided by our ability to delay certain income, employment and indirect tax payments to 2021. despite the strong cash flow, as the covid-19 crisis lengthens, we continue to experience longer-term payment requests, particularly related to larger contract commitments.
fiscal year 2019 as compared to fiscal year 2018
net cash provided by operating activities increased during the prior fiscal year due to increased net income (net of non-cash operating adjustments) of $107.4 million, partially offset by decreased net cash flows from operating assets and liabilities of $92.4 million.
table of contents cash flows from investing activities year ended december 31,                                                                                                         change
(in thousands)                               2020                         2019                            2018                                 2020 vs. 2019            2019 vs. 2018
net cash used in investing activities                 $(614,253)                      $(833,548)                      $(312,231)             $219,295                   $(521,317)
fiscal year 2020 as compared to fiscal year 2019
net cash used in investing activities decreased during the current fiscal year due primarily to decreased acquisition-related net cash outlays of $214.9 million and decreased capital expenditures of $9.6 million. we currently plan capital spending of $30.0 million to $40.0 million during fiscal year 2021 as compared to the $35.4 million that was spent in fiscal year 2020. the level of spending will depend on various factors, including the growth of the business, general economic conditions and the on going impact of covid-19.
fiscal year 2019 as compared to fiscal year 2018
net cash used in investing activities increased during the prior fiscal year due primarily to increased acquisition-related net cash outlays of $504.2 million and increased capital expenditures of $23.2 million.
cash flows from financing activities year ended december 31,   change
(in thousands)                                              2020                     2019                          2018                            2020 vs. 2019                        2019 vs. 2018
net cash provided by (used in) financing activities                    $96,597                      $429,409                   $(262,675)          $(332,812)                         $692,084
fiscal year 2020 as compared to fiscal year 2019
net cash provided by financing activities decreased during the current fiscal year due primarily to $500.0 million in proceeds from long-term debt incurred in fiscal year 2019 related to the lst acquisition, of which $75.0 million was repaid in 2020 prior to its maturity date, increased stock repurchases of $101.9 million, and increased restricted stock withholding taxes paid in lieu of issuing shares of $28.6 million, partially offset by $375.0 million in proceeds from long-term debt incurred in fiscal year 2020 related to the agi acquisition.
fiscal year 2019 as compared to fiscal year 2018
net cash provided by financing activities increased during the prior fiscal year due primarily to $500.0 million in proceeds from long-term debt incurred in fiscal year 2019 related to the lst acquisition and decreased stock repurchases of $210.7 million, partially offset by increased restricted stock withholding taxes paid in lieu of issuing shares of $13.6 million.
table of contents other commitments - term loan facilities and operating lease obligations as of december 31, 2020, the carrying values of our term loans were $798.1 million, which is net of $1.9 million of unamortized debt issuance costs. borrowings under the term loans accrue interest at the eurodollar rate plus an applicable margin or at the base rate, at our election. the base rate is the applicable margin plus the highest of (i) the federal funds rate plus 0.500%, (ii) the bank of america prime rate and (iii) the eurodollar rate plus 1.000%. the applicable margin for these borrowings is a percentage per annum based on the lower of (1) a pricing level determined by our then-current consolidated leverage ratio and (2) a pricing level determined by our debt ratings (if such debt ratings exist). the scheduled maturities of the term loans are as follows:
(in thousands)
2021            $-
2022        18,750
2023        37,500
2024       743,750
2025             -
total      $800,000
we previously entered into noncancellable operating lease commitments, primarily for our domestic and international offices as well as certain operating equipment. the commitments related to these operating leases are as follows:
(in thousands)
2021       $27,311
2022        24,712
2023        21,522
2024        20,264
2025        17,076
thereafter        50,438
total      $161,323
other cash flow information we believe that existing cash and cash equivalent balances of $912.7 million, together with cash generated from operations and access to the $500.0 million revolving credit facility, will be sufficient to meet our working capital and capital expenditure requirements through the next twelve months. our cash requirements in the future may also be financed through additional equity or debt financings. however, future disruptions in the capital markets could make financing more challenging, and there can be no assurance that such financing can be obtained on commercially reasonable terms, or at all.
we also believe that our liquidity will allow us to manage the anticipated impact of covid-19 on our business operations for the foreseeable future. however, our 2020 operating cash flow benefited from cash receipts from customer payments originally scheduled to be paid in fy 2021, as well as customer receipts from december transactions that would have traditionally been paid in the following fiscal year. these activities collectively increased our fy 2020 operating cash flow and will decrease our fy 2021 operating cash flow by approximately $25.0 million. additionally, fy 2020 operating cash flow benefited from $31.0 million related to the timing of various tax payments, $14.0 million of which will be due in 2021, resulting in a further shifting of operating cash flow between these two periods.
under our stock repurchase program, we repurchased shares as follows:
year ended december 31,
(in thousands, except per share data)                   2020                        2019   2018
number of shares repurchased                         690                         330                         1,674
average price paid per share                     $233.48                     $179.41                       $161.12
total cost                                      $161,029                     $59,116                      $269,801
table of contents all of the shares of common stock repurchased during the year ended december 31, 2020 were repurchased in the first quarter. as of december 31, 2020, 2.8 million shares remained available for repurchase under the program.
the authorized repurchase program does not have an expiration date, and the pace of the repurchase activity will depend on factors such as working capital needs, cash requirements for acquisitions, our stock price, and economic and market conditions. our stock repurchases may be effected from time to time through open market purchases or pursuant to a rule 10b5-1 plan.
we continue to generate positive cash flows from operating activities and believe that the best uses of our excess cash are to invest in the business; acquire or make investments in complementary companies, products, services and technologies; and make payments on our outstanding debt balances. any future acquisitions may be funded by available cash and investments, cash generated from operations, debt financing, or the issuance of additional securities. additionally, we have in the past, and expect in the future, to repurchase stock in order to both offset dilution and return capital, in excess of our requirements, to stockholders with the goal of increasing stockholder value.
off-balance-sheet arrangements we do not have any special-purpose entities or off-balance-sheet arrangements.
table of contents contractual obligations our significant contractual obligations as of december 31, 2020 are summarized below:
payments due by period
(in thousands)                                                                                        total                 within 1 year                  2 - 3 years                  4 - 5 years            after 5 years long-term debt:
principal payments                                                                             $800,000                         $-                       $56,250                     $743,750                  $-
interest payments(1)                                                                             45,153                     12,198                        23,787                        9,168                  -
global headquarters operating lease(2)                                                           40,735                      4,464                         8,928                        9,130                  18,213
other operating leases(3)                                                                       120,588                     22,847                        37,306                       28,210                  32,225
unconditional purchase obligations(4)                                                            74,925                     44,865                        27,509                        2,551                  -
obligations related to uncertain tax positions, including interest and penalties(5)                   -                          -                             -                            -                  -
other long-term obligations(6)                                                                   66,427                     34,177                        15,132                        7,002                  10,116
total contractual obligations                                                                $1,147,828                   $118,551                      $168,912                     $799,811                  $60,554
(1)interest on the long-term debt is estimated using the interest rate as of december 31, 2020, as the interest rate is variable. for additional information, see note 10 to the consolidated financial statements included in part iv, item 15 of this annual report on form 10-k.
(2)we previously entered into a lease agreement for 186,000 square feet of rentable space located in an office facility in canonsburg, pennsylvania, which serves as our headquarters. the term of the lease is 183 months, beginning on october 1, 2014 and expiring on december 31, 2029. we have a one-time right to terminate the lease on december 31, 2025 by providing the landlord with at least 18 months' prior written notice of such termination.
(3)other operating leases primarily include noncancellable lease commitments for our other domestic and international offices as well as certain operating equipment.
(4)unconditional purchase obligations primarily include royalties and software licenses and services, which are unrecorded as of december 31, 2020.
(5)we have $31.2 million of unrecognized tax benefits, including estimated interest and penalties, that have been recorded as liabilities in accordance with income tax accounting guidance for which we are uncertain as to if or when such amounts may be settled. as a result, such amounts are excluded from the table above.
(6)other long-term obligations primarily include third-party commissions and technical support of $42.3 million; post-employment benefits, including pension obligations, of $13.9 million for certain foreign locations; deferred employment taxes of $6.9 million; and office space restoration of $3.4 million. these amounts include the related current portions when applicable.
table of contents critical accounting policies and estimates we believe that the following critical accounting policies affect the more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements.
revenue recognition: our revenue is derived principally from the licensing of computer software products and from related maintenance contracts. we enter into contracts that include combinations of products, maintenance and services, which are accounted for as separate performance obligations with differing revenue recognition patterns.
revenue from perpetual licenses is classified as software license revenue. software license revenue is recognized up front upon delivery of the licensed product and/or the utility that enables the customer to access authorization keys, provided that an enforceable contract has been received. typically, our perpetual licenses are sold with post-contract support (pcs), which includes unspecified technical enhancements and customer support. we allocate value in bundled perpetual and pcs arrangements based on the standalone selling prices of the perpetual license and pcs. revenue from pcs is classified as maintenance revenue and is recognized ratably over the term of the contract, as we satisfy the pcs performance obligation over time.
in addition to perpetual licenses, we sell time-based lease licenses. lease licenses are sold only as a bundled arrangement that includes the rights to a term software license and pcs. utilizing observable inputs, we determined that 50% of the estimated standalone selling price of the lease license is attributable to the term license and 50% is attributable to the pcs. this determination considered the value relationship for our products between pcs and time-based lease licenses, the value relationship between pcs and perpetual licenses, the average economic life of our products, software renewal rates and the price of the bundled arrangement in relation to the perpetual licensing approach. consistent with the perpetual sales, the license component is classified as software license revenue and recognized as revenue up front at the commencement of the lease upon delivery of the licensed product and/or utility that enables the customer to access authorization keys. the pcs is classified as maintenance revenue and is recognized ratably over the term of the contract, as we satisfy the pcs performance obligation over time.
revenue from training, support and other services is recognized as the services are performed. for contracts in which the service consists of a single performance obligation, such as providing a training class to a customer, we recognize revenue upon completion of the performance obligation. for service contracts that are longer in duration and often include multiple performance obligations (for example, both training and consulting), we measure the progress toward completion of the obligations and recognize revenue accordingly. in measuring progress towards the completion of performance obligations, we typically utilize output-based estimates for services with contractual billing arrangements that are not based on time and materials, and estimate output based on the total tasks completed as compared to the total tasks required for each work contract. input-based estimates are utilized for services that involve general consultations with contractual billing arrangements based on time and materials, utilizing direct labor as the input measure. proceeds from customers for the purpose of expediting roadmap items, developing new products or creating specific features and functionality for existing products are classified as revenue.
we also execute arrangements through independent channel partners in which the channel partners are authorized to market and distribute our software products to end users of our products and services in specified territories. in sales facilitated by channel partners, the channel partner bears the risk of collection from the end-user customer. we recognize revenue from transactions with channel partners in a manner consistent with the direct sales described above for both perpetual and time-based licenses. revenue from channel partner transactions is the amount remitted to us by the channel partners. this amount includes a fee for pcs that is compensation for providing technical enhancements and the second level of technical support to the end user, which is recognized over the period that pcs is to be provided.
non-income related taxes collected from customers and remitted to governmental authorities are recorded on the consolidated balance sheet as accounts receivable and accrued expenses. the collection and payment of these amounts are reported on a net basis in the consolidated statements of income and do not impact reported revenues or expenses.
we do not offer right of return. we warrant to our customers that our software will perform substantially as specified in our current user manuals. we have not experienced significant claims related to software warranties beyond the scope of maintenance support, which we are already obligated to provide. the warranty is not sold, and cannot be purchased, separately. the warranty does not provide any type of additional service to the customer or performance obligation for us.
our agreements with our customers generally require us to indemnify the customer against claims that our software infringes third-party patent, copyright, trademark or other proprietary rights. such indemnification obligations are generally limited in a variety of industry-standard respects, including our right to replace an infringing product.
table of contents significant judgments our contracts with customers typically include promises to transfer licenses and services to a customer. judgment is required to determine if the promises are separate performance obligations, and if so, to allocate the transaction price to each performance obligation. we use the estimated standalone selling price method to allocate the transaction price for each performance obligation. the estimated standalone selling price is determined using all information reasonably available to us, including market conditions and other observable inputs. the corresponding revenues are recognized as the related performance obligations are satisfied.
we apply a practical expedient to expense sales commissions as incurred when the amortization period would have been one year or less. sales commissions associated with the initial year of multi-year contracts are expensed as incurred due to their immateriality. sales commissions associated with multi-year contracts beyond the initial year are subject to an employee service requirement and are expensed as incurred as they are not considered incremental costs to obtain a contract.
we are required to adjust promised amounts of consideration for the effects of the time value of money if the timing of the payments provides the customer or us with a significant financing benefit. we consider various factors in assessing whether a financing component exists, including the duration of the contract, market interest rates and the timing of payments. our contracts do not include a significant financing component requiring adjustment to the transaction price.
goodwill and other intangible assets: we test goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment at least annually by performing a quantitative assessment of whether the fair value of each reporting unit or asset exceeds its carrying amount. we have one reporting unit. goodwill is tested at this reporting unit level and indefinite-lived intangible assets are tested at the individual asset level. this requires us to assess and make judgments regarding a variety of factors which impact the fair value of the reporting unit or asset being tested, including business plans, anticipated future cash flows, economic projections and other market data. because there are inherent uncertainties involved in these factors, significant differences between these estimates and actual results could result in future impairment charges and could materially impact our future financial results.
during the first quarter of 2020, we completed the annual impairment test for goodwill and the indefinite-lived intangible asset and determined that these assets had not been impaired as of the test date, january 1, 2020. given the adverse economic and market conditions caused by covid-19, we considered a variety of qualitative factors to determine if an additional quantitative impairment test was required subsequent to our annual impairment test. based on a variety of factors, including the excess of the fair values over the carrying amounts in the most recent impairment test, we determined it was not more likely than not that an impairment existed as of march 31, 2020. no other events or circumstances changed during the year ended december 31, 2020 that would indicate that the fair values of our reporting unit and indefinite-lived intangible asset are below their carrying amounts.
intangible assets are recognized apart from goodwill whenever an acquired intangible asset arises from contractual or other legal rights, or whenever it is capable of being separated or divided from the acquired entity and sold, transferred, licensed, rented, or exchanged, either individually or in combination with a related contract, asset or liability. we determined the fair value of our intangible assets using various valuation techniques, including the relief-from-royalty method and the multi-period excess earnings method. these models utilize certain unobservable inputs classified as level 3 measurements as defined by asc 820, fair value measurements and disclosures. the determination of fair value requires considerable judgment and is sensitive to changes in underlying assumptions, estimates and market factors. estimating fair value requires us to make assumptions and estimates regarding our future plans, as well as industry and economic conditions. these assumptions and estimates include, but are not limited to: royalty rate, discount rate and attrition rate. the fair values of the intangible assets will be amortized over their useful lives. impairment losses are recognized if the carrying amounts of finite-lived intangible assets are both not recoverable and exceed the fair values.
income taxes: we account for income taxes under the asset and liability method, which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the financial statements. under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the differences between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. the effect of a change in tax rates on deferred tax assets and liabilities is recognized in income in the period of the enactment date.
we record net deferred tax assets to the extent we believe these assets will more likely than not be realized. in making such determination, we consider all available positive and negative evidence, including scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, tax planning strategies and recent financial operations. in the event we determine that we will be able to realize deferred tax assets for which a valuation allowance was used to reduce their carrying value, the adjustment to the valuation allowance will be recorded as a reduction to the provision for income taxes.
table of contents tax benefits related to uncertain tax positions taken or expected to be taken on a tax return are recorded when such benefits meet a more-likely-than-not threshold. otherwise, these tax benefits are recorded when a tax position has been effectively settled, which means that the statute of limitations has expired or the appropriate taxing authority has completed its examination even though the statute of limitations remains open.
we recognize interest and penalties related to income taxes within the income tax expense line in the consolidated statements of income. accrued interest and penalties are included within the related tax liability line in the consolidated balance sheets.
stock-based compensation: we grant restricted stock units and other stock awards to employees and directors under our equity incentive plan. eligible employees can also purchase shares of our common stock at a discount under our employee stock purchase plan. the benefits provided under these plans are stock-based payments subject to the provisions of stock-based payment accounting guidance. we use the fair value method to apply the provisions of stock-based payment accounting guidance. stock-based compensation expense for 2020, 2019 and 2018 was $145.6 million, $116.2 million and $83.3 million, respectively. as of december 31, 2020, total unrecognized estimated compensation expense related to awards granted prior to that date was $160.7 million, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 1.4 years.
prior to 2017, we granted stock option awards. the value of each stock option award was estimated on the date of grant, or date of acquisition for options issued in a business combination, using the black-scholes option pricing model (black-scholes model). the determination of the fair value of stock-based payment awards using an option pricing model was affected by our stock price as well as assumptions regarding a number of complex and subjective variables. these variables included our stock volatility during the preceding six years, actual and projected employee stock option exercise behaviors, interest rate assumptions using the five-year u.s. treasury note yield on the date of grant or acquisition date, and expected dividends. the stock-based compensation expense for options was recorded ratably over the requisite service period. as of december 31, 2020, all stock options are fully vested and all expense has been recognized accordingly.
we issue various restricted stock unit awards which contain either a market condition, a performance condition, a service condition, or certain combinations of the three. restricted stock unit awards are valued based on the grant-date fair value of the award. stock-based compensation expense is recognized over the employee's requisite service period for awards with only a service condition.
awards with performance conditions are granted over three one-year sub-performance periods. stock-based compensation expense is recognized from the grant date through the end of the three-year performance period contingent upon continued employment and management's estimates concerning the probability of vesting.
at times, the compensation committee may grant long-term performance awards. stock based compensation expense for these awards is recognized over the performance period from the grant date through the end of the performance period contingent upon continued employment and management's estimates concerning the probability of vesting.
vesting of restricted stock unit awards with a market condition is based on our performance as measured by total stockholder return relative to the appreciation of a specified stock index over the measurement period, subject to each participant's continued employment through the conclusion of the measurement period. the fair value of the restricted stock unit awards with a market condition is estimated using a monte carlo simulation model. the determination of the fair value of the awards is affected by the grant date and several variables, each of which has been identified in the chart below. stock-based compensation expense based on the fair value of the award is recorded from the grant date through the conclusion of the measurement period.
year ended december 31, assumptions used in monte carlo lattice pricing model                  2020                          2019                          2018
risk-free interest rate                                                0.7%                          2.5%                          2.4%
expected dividend yield                                                  -%                            -%                            -%
expected volatility-ansys stock price                                   25%                           23%                           21%
expected volatility-nasdaq composite index                              18%                           16%                           15%
expected term                                                     2.8 years                     2.8 years                     2.8 years correlation factor                                                     0.77                          0.71                          0.65
weighted average fair value per share                               $245.08                       $238.99                       $191.76
we also grant restricted stock units to non-employee directors, which vest upon the earlier of one year from the date of grant or the date of the next regular annual meeting of stockholders. if a non-employee director retires prior to the vest date, the non-employee director receives a pro-rata portion of the restricted stock units.
table of contents to the extent we change the terms of our stock-based compensation programs, experience market volatility in the pricing of our common stock that increases the implied volatility assumption used in the pricing models, refine different assumptions, or assume stock awards from acquired companies that are different in nature than our stock award arrangements, among other potential impacts, the stock-based compensation expense recorded in future periods and the related tax benefits may differ significantly from what was recorded in previous reporting periods. forfeitures of awards are accounted for as they occur.
estimates of stock-based compensation expense are significant to our financial statements, but this expense is partially based on the aforementioned option valuation and monte carlo simulation models and will never result in the payment of cash by us other than through the payment of withholding taxes in lieu of additional share issuance. for this reason, and because we do not view stock-based compensation as related to our operational performance, the board of directors and management exclude stock-based compensation expense when evaluating our underlying business performance.
contingencies: we are involved in various investigations, claims and legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business, including commercial disputes, labor and employment matters, tax audits, alleged infringement of intellectual property rights and other matters. we review the status of these matters, assess our financial exposure and record a related accrual if the potential loss from an investigation, claim or legal proceeding is probable and the amount is reasonably estimable. significant judgment is involved in the determination of probability and in the determination of whether an exposure is reasonably estimable. as a result of the uncertainties involved in making these estimates, we may have to revise our estimates as facts and circumstances change. the revision of these estimates could have a material impact on our financial position and results of operations.
recent accounting guidance for information regarding recent accounting guidance and its impact on our consolidated financial statements, see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements in part iv, item 15 of this annual report on form 10-k.

