item 1a.   risk factors.
our financial and operating results are subject to a number of risk factors, many of which are not within our control. investors should carefully consider the following discussion of risk factors as well as other information appearing in this report. these factors include the following, which are organized by category:
regulatory and legislative risks we are subject to federal, state and local regulations that affect our operations and financial results.
we are subject to regulatory oversight from various federal, state and local regulatory authorities in the eight states that we serve. therefore, our returns are continuously monitored and are subject to challenge for their reasonableness by the appropriate regulatory authorities or other third-party intervenors. in the normal course of business, as a regulated entity, we often need to place assets in service and establish historical test periods before rate cases that seek to adjust our allowed returns to recover that investment can be filed. further, the regulatory review process can be lengthy in the context of traditional ratemaking. because of this process, we suffer the negative financial effects of having placed assets in service without the benefit of rate relief, which is commonly referred to as "regulatory lag."
however, in the last several years, a number of regulatory authorities in the states we serve have approved rate mechanisms that provide for annual adjustments to rates that allow us to recover the cost of investments made to replace existing infrastructure or reflect changes in our cost of service. these mechanisms work to effectively reduce the regulatory lag inherent in the ratemaking process. however, regulatory lag could significantly increase if the regulatory authorities modify or terminate these rate mechanisms. the regulatory process also involves the risk that regulatory authorities may (i) review our purchases of natural gas and adjust the amount of our gas costs that we pass through to our customers or (ii) limit the costs we may have incurred from our cost of service that can be recovered from customers.
we are also subject to laws, regulations and other legal requirements enacted or adopted by federal, state and local governmental authorities relating to protection of the environment and health and safety matters, including those that govern discharges of substances into the air and water, the management and disposal of hazardous substances and waste, the clean-up of contaminated sites, groundwater quality and availability, plant and wildlife protection, as well as work practices related to employee health and safety. environmental legislation also requires that our facilities, sites and other properties associated with our operations be operated, maintained, abandoned and reclaimed to the satisfaction of applicable regulatory authorities. failure to comply with these laws, regulations, permits and licenses may expose us to fines, penalties or interruptions in our operations that could be significant to our financial results. in addition, existing environmental regulations may be revised or our operations may become subject to new regulations.
some of our operations are subject to increased federal regulatory oversight that could affect our operations and financial results.
ferc has regulatory authority over some of our operations, including the use and release of interstate pipeline and storage capacity. ferc has adopted rules designed to prevent market power abuse and market manipulation and to promote compliance with ferc's other rules, policies and orders by companies engaged in the sale, purchase, transportation or storage of natural gas in interstate commerce. these rules carry increased penalties for violations. although we have taken steps to structure current and future transactions to comply with applicable current ferc regulations, changes in ferc regulations or their interpretation by ferc or additional regulations issued by ferc in the future could also adversely affect our business, financial condition or financial results.
we may experience increased federal, state and local regulation of the safety of our operations.
the safety and protection of the public, our customers and our employees is our top priority. we constantly monitor and maintain our pipeline and distribution systems to ensure that natural gas is delivered safely, reliably and efficiently through our network of more than 75,000 miles of distribution and transmission lines. as in recent years, natural gas distribution and pipeline companies are continuing to encounter increasing federal, state and local oversight of the safety of their operations. although we believe these are costs ultimately recoverable through our rates, the costs of complying with new laws and regulations may have at least a short-term adverse impact on our operating costs and financial results.
greenhouse gas emissions or other legislation or regulations intended to address climate change could increase our operating costs, adversely affecting our financial results, growth, cash flows and results of operations.
federal, regional and/or state legislative and/or regulatory initiatives may attempt to control or limit the causes of climate change, including greenhouse gas emissions, such as carbon dioxide and methane. such laws or regulations could impose costs tied to greenhouse gas emissions, operational requirements or restrictions, or additional charges to fund energy efficiency activities. they could also provide a cost advantage to alternative energy sources, impose costs or restrictions on end users of natural gas, or result in other costs or requirements, such as costs associated with the adoption of new infrastructure and technology to respond to new mandates. the focus on climate change could adversely impact the reputation of fossil fuel products or services. the occurrence of the foregoing events could put upward pressure on the cost of natural gas relative to other energy sources, increase our costs and the prices we charge to customers, reduce the demand for natural gas or cause fuel switching to other energy sources, and impact the competitive position of natural gas and the ability to serve new or existing customers, adversely affecting our business, results of operations and cash flows.
operational risks we may incur significant costs and liabilities resulting from pipeline integrity and other similar programs and related repairs.
phmsa requires pipeline operators to develop integrity management programs to comprehensively evaluate certain areas along their pipelines and to take additional measures to protect pipeline segments located in "high consequence areas" where a leak or rupture could potentially do the most harm. as a pipeline operator, the company is required to:
•perform ongoing assessments of pipeline integrity;
•identify and characterize applicable threats to pipeline segments that could impact a "high consequence area";
•improve data collection, integration and analysis;
•repair and remediate the pipeline as necessary; and
•implement preventative and mitigating actions.
the company incurs significant costs associated with its compliance with existing phmsa and comparable state regulations. although we believe these are costs ultimately recoverable through our rates, the costs of complying with new laws and regulations may have at least a short-term adverse impact on our operating costs and financial results. for example, the adoption of new regulations requiring more comprehensive or stringent safety standards could require installation of new or modified safety controls, new capital projects, or accelerated maintenance programs, all of which could require a potentially significant increase in operating costs.
distributing, transporting and storing natural gas involve risks that may result in accidents and additional operating costs.
our operations involve a number of hazards and operating risks inherent in storing and transporting natural gas that could affect the public safety and reliability of our distribution system. while atmos energy, with the support from each of its regulatory commissions, is accelerating the replacement of aging pipeline infrastructure, operating issues such as leaks, accidents, equipment problems and incidents, including explosions and fire, could result in legal liability, repair and remediation costs, increased operating costs, significant increased capital expenditures, regulatory fines and penalties and other costs and a loss of customer confidence. we maintain liability and property insurance coverage in place for many of these hazards and risks. however, because some of our transmission pipeline and storage facilities are near or are in populated areas, any loss of human life or adverse financial results resulting from such events could be large. if these events were not fully covered by our general liability and property insurance, which policies are subject to certain limits and deductibles, our operations or financial results could be adversely affected.
if contracted gas supplies, interstate pipeline and/or storage services are not available or delivered in a timely manner, our ability to meet our customers' natural gas requirements may be impaired and our financial condition may be adversely affected.
in order to meet our customers' annual and seasonal natural gas demands, we must obtain a sufficient supply of natural gas, interstate pipeline capacity and storage capacity. if we are unable to obtain these, either from our suppliers' inability to deliver the contracted commodity or the inability to secure replacement quantities, our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. if a substantial disruption to or reduction in interstate natural gas pipelines' transmission and storage capacity occurred due to operational failures or disruptions, legislative or regulatory actions, hurricanes, tornadoes, floods, terrorist or cyber-attacks or acts of war, our operations or financial results could be adversely affected.
our operations are subject to increased competition.
in residential and commercial customer markets, our distribution operations compete with other energy products, such as electricity and propane. our primary product competition is with electricity for heating, water heating and cooking. increases in the price of natural gas could negatively impact our competitive position by decreasing the price benefits of natural gas to the consumer. this could adversely impact our business if our customer growth slows or if our customers further conserve their use of gas, resulting in reduced gas purchases and customer billings.
in the case of industrial customers, such as manufacturing plants, adverse economic conditions, including higher gas costs, could cause these customers to use alternative sources of energy, such as electricity, or bypass our systems in favor of special competitive contracts with lower per-unit costs. our pipeline and storage operations historically have faced limited competition from other existing intrastate pipelines and gas marketers seeking to provide or arrange transportation, storage and other services for customers. however, in the last few years, several new pipelines have been completed, which has increased the level of competition in this segment of our business.
adverse weather conditions could affect our operations or financial results.
we have weather-normalized rates for approximately 97 percent of our residential and commercial revenues in our distribution operations, which substantially mitigates the adverse effects of warmer-than-normal weather for meters in those service areas. however, there is no assurance that we will continue to receive such regulatory protection from adverse weather in our rates in the future. the loss of such weather-normalized rates could have an adverse effect on our operations and financial results. in addition, our operating results may continue to vary somewhat with the actual temperatures during the winter heating season. additionally, sustained cold weather could challenge our ability to adequately meet customer demand in our operations.
the operations and financial results of the company could be adversely impacted as a result of climate change.
as climate change occurs, our businesses could be adversely impacted, although we believe it is likely that any such resulting impacts would occur very gradually over a long period of time and thus would be difficult to quantify with any degree of specificity. such climate change could cause shifts in population, including customers moving away from our service territories.
it could also result in more frequent and more severe weather events, such as hurricanes and tornadoes, which could increase our costs to repair damaged facilities and restore service to our customers. if we were unable to deliver natural gas to our customers, our financial results would be impacted by lost revenues, and we generally would have to seek approval from regulators to recover restoration costs. to the extent we would be unable to recover those costs, or if higher rates resulting from our recovery of such costs would result in reduced demand for our services, our future business, financial condition or financial results could be adversely impacted.
the inability to continue to hire, train and retain operational, technical and managerial personnel could adversely affect our results of operations.
although the average age of the employee base of atmos energy is not significantly changing year over year, there are still a number of employees who will become eligible to retire within the next five to 10 years. if we were unable to hire appropriate personnel or contractors to fill future needs, the company could encounter operating challenges and increased costs, primarily due to a loss of knowledge, errors due to inexperience or the lengthy time period typically required to adequately train replacement personnel. in addition, higher costs could result from loss of productivity or increased safety compliance issues. the inability to hire, train and retain new operational, technical and managerial personnel adequately and to transfer institutional knowledge and expertise could adversely affect our ability to manage and operate our business. if we were unable to hire, train and retain appropriately qualified personnel, our results of operations could be adversely affected.
increased dependence on technology may hinder the company's business operations and adversely affect its financial condition and results of operations if such technologies fail.
over the last several years, the company has implemented or acquired a variety of technological tools including both company-owned information technology and technological services provided by outside parties. these tools and systems support critical functions including, scheduling and dispatching of service technicians, automated meter reading systems, customer care and billing, operational plant logistics, management reporting, and external financial reporting. the failure of these or other similarly important technologies, or the company's inability to have these technologies supported, updated, expanded, or integrated into other technologies, could hinder its business operations and adversely impact its financial condition and results of operations.
although the company has, when possible, developed alternative sources of technology and built redundancy into its computer networks and tools, there can be no assurance that these efforts would protect against all potential issues related to the loss of any such technologies.
cyber-attacks or acts of cyber-terrorism could disrupt our business operations and information technology systems or result in the loss or exposure of confidential or sensitive customer, employee or company information.
our business operations and information technology systems may be vulnerable to an attack by individuals or organizations intending to disrupt our business operations and information technology systems, even though the company has implemented policies, procedures and controls to prevent and detect these activities. we use our information technology systems to manage our distribution and intrastate pipeline and storage operations and other business processes. disruption of those systems could adversely impact our ability to safely deliver natural gas to our customers, operate our pipeline and storage systems or serve our customers timely. accordingly, if such an attack or act of terrorism were to occur, our operations and financial results could be adversely affected.
in addition, we use our information technology systems to protect confidential or sensitive customer, employee and company information developed and maintained in the normal course of our business. any attack on such systems that would result in the unauthorized release of customer, employee or other confidential or sensitive data could have a material adverse effect on our business reputation, increase our costs and expose us to additional material legal claims and liability. even though we have insurance coverage in place for many of these cyber-related risks, if such an attack or act of terrorism were to occur, our operations and financial results could be adversely affected to the extent not fully covered by such insurance coverage.
natural disasters, terrorist activities or other significant events could adversely affect our operations or financial results.
natural disasters are always a threat to our assets and operations. in addition, the threat of terrorist activities could lead to increased economic instability and volatility in the price of natural gas that could affect our operations. also, companies in our industry may face a heightened risk of exposure to actual acts of terrorism, which could subject our operations to increased risks. as a result, the availability of insurance covering such risks may become more limited, which could increase the risk that an event could adversely affect our operations or financial results.
financial, economic and market risks our growth in the future may be limited by the nature of our business, which requires extensive capital spending.
our operations are capital-intensive. we must make significant capital expenditures on a long-term basis to modernize our distribution and transmission system and to comply with the safety rules and regulations issued by the regulatory authorities responsible for the service areas we operate. in addition, we must continually build new capacity to serve the growing needs of the communities we serve. the magnitude of these expenditures may be affected by a number of factors, including new regulations, the general state of the economy and weather.
the liquidity required to fund our working capital, capital expenditures and other cash needs is provided from a combination of internally generated cash flows and external debt and equity financing. the cost and availability of borrowing funds from third party lenders or issuing equity is dependent on the liquidity of the credit markets, interest rates and other market conditions. this in turn may limit the amount of funds we can invest in our infrastructure.
the company is dependent on continued access to the credit and capital markets to execute our business strategy.
our long-term debt is currently rated as "investment grade" by standard & poor's corporation and moody's investors service, inc. similar to most companies, we rely upon access to both short-term and long-term credit and capital markets to satisfy our liquidity requirements. if adverse credit conditions were to cause a significant limitation on our access to the private credit and public capital markets, we could see a reduction in our liquidity. a significant reduction in our liquidity could in turn trigger a negative change in our ratings outlook or even a reduction in our credit ratings by one or more of the credit rating agencies. such a downgrade could further limit our access to private credit and/or public capital markets and increase our costs of borrowing.
while we believe we can meet our capital requirements from our operations and the sources of financing available to us, we can provide no assurance that we will continue to be able to do so in the future, especially if the market price of natural gas increases significantly. the future effects on our business, liquidity and financial results of a deterioration of current conditions in the credit and capital markets could be material and adverse to us, both in the ways described above or in other ways that we do not currently anticipate.
we are exposed to market risks that are beyond our control, which could adversely affect our financial results.
we are subject to market risks beyond our control, including (i) commodity price volatility caused by market supply and demand dynamics, counterparty performance or counterparty creditworthiness, and (ii) interest rate risk. we are generally insulated from commodity price risk through our purchased gas cost mechanisms. with respect to interest rate risk, we have been operating in a relatively low interest-rate environment in recent years compared to historical norms for both short and long-term interest rates. however, increases in interest rates could adversely affect our future financial results to the extent that we do not recover our actual interest expense in our rates.
the concentration of our operations in the state of texas exposes our operations and financial results to economic conditions, weather patterns and regulatory decisions in texas.
approximately 70 percent of our consolidated operations are located in the state of texas. this concentration of our business in texas means that our operations and financial results may be significantly affected by changes in the texas economy in general, weather patterns and regulatory decisions by state and local regulatory authorities in texas.
a deterioration in economic conditions could adversely affect our customers and negatively impact our financial results.
any adverse changes in economic conditions in the united states, especially in the states in which we operate, could adversely affect the financial resources of many domestic households. as a result, our customers could seek to use less gas and it may be more difficult for them to pay their gas bills. this would likely lead to slower collections and higher than normal levels of accounts receivable. this, in turn, could increase our financing requirements. additionally, should economic conditions deteriorate, our industrial customers could seek alternative energy sources, which could result in lower sales volumes.
increased gas costs could adversely impact our customer base and customer collections and increase our level of indebtedness.
rapid increases in the costs of purchased gas would cause us to experience a significant increase in short-term debt. we must pay suppliers for gas when it is purchased, which can be significantly in advance of when these costs may be recovered through the collection of monthly customer bills for gas delivered. increases in purchased gas costs also slow our natural gas distribution collection efforts as customers are more likely to delay the payment of their gas bills, leading to higher than normal accounts receivable. this could result in higher short-term debt levels, greater collection efforts and increased bad debt expense.
the costs of providing health care benefits, pension and postretirement health care benefits and related funding requirements may increase substantially.
we provide health care benefits, a cash-balance pension plan and postretirement health care benefits to eligible full-time employees. the costs of providing health care benefits to our employees could significantly increase over time due to rapidly increasing health care inflation, and any future legislative changes related to the provision of health care benefits. the impact of additional costs which are likely to be passed on to the company is difficult to measure at this time.
the costs of providing a cash-balance pension plan to eligible full-time employees prior to 2011 and postretirement health care benefits to eligible full-time employees and related funding requirements could be influenced by changes in the market value of the assets funding our pension and postretirement health care plans. any significant declines in the value of these investments due to sustained declines in equity markets or a reduction in bond yields could increase the costs of our pension and postretirement health care plans and related funding requirements in the future. further, our costs of providing such benefits and related funding requirements are also subject to a number of factors, including (i) changing demographics, including longer life expectancy of beneficiaries and an expected increase in the number of eligible former employees over the next five to ten years; (ii) various actuarial calculations and assumptions which may differ materially from actual results due primarily to changing market and economic conditions, including changes in interest rates, and higher or lower withdrawal rates; and (iii) future government regulation.
the costs to the company of providing these benefits and related funding requirements could also increase materially in the future, should there be a material reduction in the amount of the recovery of these costs through our rates or should significant delays develop in the timing of the recovery of such costs, which could adversely affect our financial results.
the outbreak of covid-19 and its impact on business and economic conditions could negatively affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
the scale and scope of the recent covid-19 outbreak, the resulting pandemic, and the impact on the economy and financial markets could adversely affect the company's business, results of operations and financial condition. as an essential business, the company continues to provide natural gas services and has implemented business continuity and emergency response plans to continue to provide natural gas services to customers and support the company's operations, while taking health and safety measures such as implementing worker distancing measures and using a remote workforce where possible. however, there is no assurance that the continued spread of covid-19 and efforts to contain the virus (including, but not limited to, voluntary and mandatory quarantines, restrictions on travel, limiting gatherings of people, and reduced operations and extended closures of many businesses and institutions) will not materially impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. in particular, the continued spread of covid-19 and efforts to contain the virus could:
•   impact customer demand for natural gas, particularly from commercial and industrial customers;
•   reduce the availability and productivity of our employees and contractors;
•   cause us to experience an increase in costs as a result of our emergency measures, delayed payments from our customers and uncollectable accounts;
•   cause the company's contractors, suppliers and other business partners to be unable to fulfill their contractual obligations;
•   result in our inability to meet the requirements of the covenants in our existing credit facilities, including covenants regarding the ratio of indebtedness to total capitalization;
•   cause a deterioration in our financial metrics or the business environment that impacts our credit ratings;
•   impact our liquidity position and cost of and ability to access funds from financial institutions and capital markets; and
•   cause other unpredictable events.
the situation surrounding covid-19 remains fluid and the likelihood of an impact on the company that could be material increases the longer the virus impacts activity levels in the united states. therefore, it is difficult to predict with certainty the potential impact of the virus on the company's business, results of operations and financial condition.
to the extent the covid-19 pandemic has an adverse impact on the company's business, results of operations and financial condition, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risk factors disclosed herein, such as those relating to our ability to continue to access the credit and capital markets to execute our business strategy; market risks beyond our control affecting our risk management activities, including commodity price volatility, counterparty performance or creditworthiness and interest rate risk; and the impact of adverse economic conditions on our customers.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
introduction this section provides management's discussion of the financial condition, changes in financial condition and results of operations of atmos energy corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries with specific information on results of operations and liquidity and capital resources. it includes management's interpretation of our financial results, the factors affecting these results, the major factors expected to affect future operating results and future investment and financing plans. this discussion should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto.
several factors exist that could influence our future financial performance, some of which are described in item 1a above, "risk factors". they should be considered in connection with evaluating forward-looking statements contained in this report or otherwise made by or on behalf of us since these factors could cause actual results and conditions to differ materially from those set out in such forward-looking statements.
cautionary statement for the purposes of the safe harbor under the private securities litigation reform act of 1995
the statements contained in this annual report on form 10-k may contain "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of section 27a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21e of the securities exchange act of 1934. all statements other than statements of historical fact included in this report are forward-looking statements made in good faith by us and are intended to qualify for the safe harbor from liability established by the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. when used in this report, or any other of our documents or oral presentations, the words "anticipate", "believe", "estimate", "expect", "forecast", "goal", "intend", "objective", "plan", "projection", "seek", "strategy" or similar words are intended to identify forward-looking statements. such forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the statements relating to our strategy, operations, markets, services, rates, recovery of costs, availability of gas supply and other factors. these risks and uncertainties include the following: federal, state and local regulatory and political trends and decisions, including the impact of rate proceedings before various state regulatory commissions; increased federal regulatory oversight and potential penalties; possible increased federal, state and local regulation of the safety of our operations; the impact of greenhouse gas emissions or other legislation or regulations intended to address climate change; possible significant costs and liabilities resulting from pipeline integrity and other similar programs and related repairs; the inherent hazards and risks involved in distributing, transporting and storing natural gas; the availability and accessibility of contracted gas supplies, interstate pipeline and/or storage services; increased competition from energy suppliers and alternative forms of energy; adverse weather conditions; the impact of climate change; the inability to continue to hire, train and retain operational, technical and managerial personnel; increased dependence on technology that may hinder the company's business if such technologies fail; the threat of cyber-attacks or acts of cyber-terrorism that could disrupt our business operations and information technology systems or result in the loss or exposure of confidential or sensitive customer, employee or company information; natural disasters, terrorist activities or other events and other risks and uncertainties discussed herein, all of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond our control; the capital-intensive nature of our business; our ability to continue to access the credit and capital markets to execute our business strategy; market risks beyond our control affecting our risk management activities, including commodity price volatility, counterparty performance or creditworthiness and interest rate risk; the concentration of our operations in texas; the impact of adverse economic conditions on our customers; changes in the availability and price of natural gas; increased costs of providing health care benefits, along with pension and postretirement health care benefits and increased funding requirements; the outbreak of covid-19 and its impact on business and economic conditions. accordingly, while we believe these forward-looking statements to be reasonable, there can be no assurance that they will approximate actual experience or that the expectations derived from them will be realized. further, we undertake no obligation to update or revise any of our forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
critical accounting policies our consolidated financial statements were prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states. preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and the related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities. we base our estimates on historical experience and various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. actual results may differ from estimates.
our significant accounting policies are discussed in note 2 to our consolidated financial statements. the accounting policies discussed below are both important to the presentation of our financial condition and results of operations and require management to make difficult, subjective or complex accounting estimates. accordingly, these critical accounting policies are reviewed periodically by the audit committee of the board of directors.
critical accounting policy   summary of policy                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       factors influencing application of the policy regulation                   our distribution and pipeline operations meet the criteria of a cost-based, rate-regulated entity under accounting principles generally accepted in the united states. accordingly, the financial results for these operations reflect the effects of the ratemaking and accounting practices and policies of the various regulatory commissions to which we are subject.                                                                                                               decisions of regulatory authorities as a result, certain costs that would normally be expensed under accounting principles generally accepted in the united states are permitted to be capitalized or deferred on the balance sheet because it is probable they can be recovered through rates. further, regulation may impact the period in which revenues or expenses are recognized. the amounts expected to be recovered or recognized are based upon historical experience and our understanding of the regulations.   issuance of new regulations or regulatory mechanisms discontinuing the application of this method of accounting for regulatory assets and liabilities or changes in the accounting for our various regulatory mechanisms could significantly increase our operating expenses as fewer costs would likely be capitalized or deferred on the balance sheet, which could reduce our net income.                                                                                                                                                 assessing the probability of the recoverability of deferred costs continuing to meet the criteria of a cost-based, rate regulated entity for accounting purposes unbilled revenue             we follow the revenue accrual method of accounting for distribution segment revenues whereby revenues attributable to gas delivered to customers, but not yet billed under the cycle billing method, are estimated and accrued and the related costs are charged to expense.                                                                                                                                                                                                            estimates of delivered sales volumes based on actual tariff information and weather information and estimates of customer consumption and/or behavior when permitted, we implement rates that have not been formally approved by our regulatory authorities, subject to refund.we recognize this revenue and establish a reserve for amounts that could be refunded based on our experience for the jurisdiction in which the rates were implemented.                                                                                                                                                                                         estimates of purchased gas costs related to estimated deliveries estimates of amounts billed subject to refund critical accounting policy               summary of policy                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              factors influencing application of the policy pension and other postretirement plans   pension and other postretirement plan costs and liabilities are determined on an actuarial basis using a september 30 measurement date and are affected by numerous assumptions and estimates including the market value of plan assets, estimates of the expected return on plan assets, assumed discount rates and current demographic and actuarial mortality data. the assumed discount rate and the expected return are the assumptions that generally have the most significant impact on our pension costs and liabilities. the assumed discount rate, the assumed health care cost trend rate and assumed rates of retirement generally have the most significant impact on our postretirement plan costs and liabilities.                                                                                                                                                                                             general economic and market conditions the discount rate is utilized principally in calculating the actuarial present value of our pension and postretirement obligations and net periodic pension and postretirement benefit plan costs. when establishing our discount rate, we consider high quality corporate bond rates based on bonds available in the marketplace that are suitable for settling the obligations, changes in those rates from the prior year and the implied discount rate that is derived from matching our projected benefit disbursements with currently available high quality corporate bonds.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            assumed investment returns by asset class the expected long-term rate of return on assets is utilized in calculating the expected return on plan assets component of our annual pension and postretirement plan costs. we estimate the expected return on plan assets by evaluating expected bond returns, equity risk premiums, asset allocations, the effects of active plan management, the impact of periodic plan asset rebalancing and historical performance. we also consider the guidance from our investment advisors in making a final determination of our expected rate of return on assets. to the extent the actual rate of return on assets realized over the course of a year is greater than or less than the assumed rate, that year's annual pension or postretirement plan costs are not affected. rather, this gain or loss reduces or increases future pension or postretirement plan costs over a period of approximately ten to twelve years.   assumed future salary increases the market-related value of our plan assets represents the fair market value of the plan assets, adjusted to smooth out short-term market fluctuations over a five-year period. the use of this methodology will delay the impact of current market fluctuations on the pension expense for the period.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        assumed discount rate we estimate the assumed health care cost trend rate used in determining our postretirement net expense based upon our actual health care cost experience, the effects of recently enacted legislation and general economic conditions. our assumed rate of retirement is estimated based upon our annual review of our participant census information as of the measurement date.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              projected timing of future cash disbursements health care cost experience trends participant demographic information actuarial mortality assumptions impact of legislation impact of regulation impairment assessments                   we review the carrying value of our long-lived assets, including goodwill and identifiable intangibles, whenever events or changes in circumstance indicate that such carrying values may not be recoverable, and at least annually for goodwill, as required by u.s. accounting standards.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    general economic and market conditions the evaluation of our goodwill balances and other long-lived assets or identifiable assets for which uncertainty exists regarding the recoverability of the carrying value of such assets involves the assessment of future cash flows and external market conditions and other subjective factors that could impact the estimation of future cash flows including, but not limited to the commodity prices, the amount and timing of future cash flows, future growth rates and the discount rate. unforeseen events and changes in circumstances or market conditions could adversely affect these estimates, which could result in an impairment charge.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    projected timing and amount of future discounted cash flows judgment in the evaluation of relevant data non-gaap financial measures as described further in note 13 to the consolidated financial statements, due to the passage of kansas house bill 2585, we remeasured our deferred tax liability and updated our state deferred tax rate. as a result, we recorded a non-cash income tax benefit of $21.0 million for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2020. additionally, the enactment of the tax cuts and jobs act of 2017 (the tcja) required us to remeasure our deferred tax assets and liabilities at our new federal statutory income tax rate as of december 22, 2017. the remeasurement of our net deferred tax liabilities resulted in the recognition of a non-cash income tax benefit of $158.8 million for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2018. due to the non-recurring nature of these benefits, we believe that net income and diluted net income per share before the non-cash income tax benefits provide a more relevant measure to analyze our financial performance than net income and diluted net income per share in order to allow investors to better analyze our core results and allow the information to be presented on a comparative basis. accordingly, the following discussion and analysis of our financial performance will reference adjusted net income and adjusted diluted earnings per share, non-gaap measures, which are calculated as follows:
for the fiscal year ended september 30
2020                                                               2019                    2018                              2020 vs. 2019             2019 vs. 2018
(in thousands, except per share data)
net income                                         $601,443                $511,406                $603,064                 $90,037                  $(91,658      )
non-cash income tax benefits                        (20,962    )                  -                (158,782    )            (20,962      )            158,782
adjusted net income                                $580,481                $511,406                $444,282                 $69,075                   $67,124
diluted net income per share                          $4.89                   $4.35                   $5.43                   $0.54                    $(1.08      )
diluted eps from non-cash income tax benefits         (0.17    )                  -                   (1.43    )              (0.17      )   1.43
adjusted diluted net income per share                 $4.72                   $4.35                   $4.00                   $0.37                     $0.35
results of operations overview atmos energy strives to operate its businesses safely and reliably while delivering superior shareholder value. our commitment to modernizing our natural gas distribution and transmission systems requires a significant level of capital spending. we have the ability to begin recovering a significant portion of these investments timely through rate designs and mechanisms that reduce or eliminate regulatory lag and separate the recovery of our approved rate from customer usage patterns. the execution of our capital spending program, the ability to recover these investments timely and our ability to access the capital markets to satisfy our financing needs are the primary drivers that affect our financial performance.
we continue to execute our strategy well while managing the ongoing impacts of the coronavirus disease 2019 (covid-19) pandemic. approximately 95 percent of our employees continue to work remotely as we provide essential services to ensure the safety and functionality of our critical infrastructure while taking precautions to provide a safe work environment for employees and customers.
during fiscal 2020, we recorded net income of $601.4 million, or $4.89 per diluted share, compared to net income of $511.4 million, or $4.35 per diluted share in the prior year. after adjusting for a nonrecurring income tax benefit recognized during fiscal 2020, we recorded adjusted net income of $580.5 million, or $4.72 per diluted share for the year ended september 30, 2020.
the following table details our consolidated net income by segment during the last three fiscal years:
for the fiscal year ended september 30
2020                                               2019                      2018
(in thousands)
distribution segment              $395,664                  $328,814                  $442,966
pipeline and storage segment       205,779                   182,592                   160,098
net income                        $601,443                  $511,406                  $603,064
the year-over-year increase in adjusted net income of $69.1 million, or 14 percent, largely reflects positive rate outcomes driven by safety and reliability spending and customer growth in our distribution business. we did not experience a material change in year-over-year residential revenue in our distribution segment due to covid-19; however, we did experience a 10
26
percent year-over-year decline in nonresidential revenue, including service and other revenues, primarily during the third and fourth fiscal quarter. the decline is partially offset by a reduction in certain operating and maintenance expenses.
during the year ended september 30, 2020, we implemented ratemaking regulatory actions which resulted in an increase in annual operating income of $160.2 million and had ratemaking efforts in progress at september 30, 2020, seeking a total increase in annual operating income of $131.9 million. as of the date of this report, we have received approval to implement $106.6 million of this amount in the first quarter of fiscal 2021.
capital expenditures for fiscal 2020 increased 14 percent period-over-period, to $1.9 billion. over 85 percent was invested to improve the safety and reliability of our distribution and transmission systems, with a significant portion of this investment incurred under regulatory mechanisms that reduce regulatory lag to six months or less.
during fiscal 2020, we completed over $1.6 billion of long-term debt and equity financing. as of september 30, 2020, our equity capitalization was 60 percent and we had approximately $2.6 billion in total liquidity, including cash and cash equivalents and funds available through equity forward sales agreements.
as a result of the continued contribution and stability of our earnings, cash flows and capital structure, our board of directors increased the quarterly dividend by 8.7% percent for fiscal 2021.
distribution segment the distribution segment is primarily comprised of our regulated natural gas distribution and related sales operations in eight states. the primary factors that impact the results of our distribution operations are our ability to earn our authorized rates of return, competitive factors in the energy industry and economic conditions in our service areas.
our ability to earn our authorized rates is based primarily on our ability to improve the rate design in our various ratemaking jurisdictions to minimize regulatory lag and, ultimately, separate the recovery of our approved rates from customer usage patterns. improving rate design is a long-term process and is further complicated by the fact that we operate in multiple rate jurisdictions. the "ratemaking activity" section of this form 10-k describes our current rate strategy, progress towards implementing that strategy and recent ratemaking initiatives in more detail.
revenues in our texas and mississippi service areas include franchise fees and gross receipt taxes, which are calculated as a percentage of revenue (inclusive of gas costs). therefore, the amount of these taxes included in revenue is influenced by the cost of gas and the level of gas sales volumes. we record the associated tax expense as a component of taxes, other than income.
the cost of gas typically does not have a direct impact on our operating income because these costs are recovered through our purchased gas cost adjustment mechanisms. however, higher gas costs may adversely impact our accounts receivable collections, resulting in higher bad debt expense. this risk is currently mitigated by rate design that allows us to collect from our customers the gas cost portion of our bad debt expense on approximately 78 percent of our residential and commercial revenues. additionally, higher gas costs may require us to increase borrowings under our credit facilities, resulting in higher interest expense. finally, higher gas costs, as well as competitive factors in the industry and general economic conditions may cause customers to conserve or, in the case of industrial consumers, to use alternative energy sources.
during fiscal 2020, we completed 17 regulatory proceedings in our distribution segment, resulting in a $110.9 million increase in annual operating income.
27
review of financial and operating results financial and operational highlights for our distribution segment for the fiscal years ended september 30, 2020, 2019 and 2018 are presented below.
for the fiscal year ended september 30
2020                                                                              2019                      2018                                2020 vs. 2019             2019 vs. 2018
(in thousands, unless otherwise noted)
operating revenues                                              $2,626,993                $2,745,461                $3,003,047               $(118,468      )          $(257,586      )
purchased gas cost                                               1,071,227                 1,268,591                 1,559,836                (197,364      )           (291,245      )
operating expenses(1)                                            1,027,523                 1,006,098                   957,544                  21,425                    48,554
operating income                                                   528,243                   470,772                   485,667                  57,471                   (14,895      )
other non-operating income (expense)(1)                             (1,265    )                6,241                    (6,649    )             (7,506      )             12,890
interest charges                                                    39,634                    60,031                    65,850                 (20,397      )             (5,819      )
income before income taxes                                         487,344                   416,982                   413,168                  70,362                     3,814
income tax expense                                                 105,147                    88,168                   107,880                  16,979                   (19,712      )
non-cash income tax benefits(2)                                    (13,467    )                    -                  (137,678    )            (13,467      )            137,678
net income                                                        $395,664                  $328,814                  $442,966                 $66,850                 $(114,152      )
consolidated distribution sales volumes - mmcf                     291,650                   315,476                   300,817                 (23,826      )             14,659
consolidated distribution transportation volumes - mmcf            147,387                   155,078                   150,566                  (7,691      )              4,512
total consolidated distribution throughput - mmcf                  439,037                   470,554                   451,383                 (31,517      )             19,171
consolidated distribution average cost of gas per mcf sold           $3.67                     $4.02                     $5.19                  $(0.35      )             $(1.17      )
(1)   in accordance with our adoption of new accounting standards, changes in comprehensive income statement presentation were implemented on a retrospective basis and impacted previously issued financial statements for fiscal 2018.
(2)   see note 13 to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
fiscal year ended september 30, 2020 compared with fiscal year ended september 30, 2019
operating income for our distribution segment increased 12 percent, which primarily reflects:
•   an $86.8 million net increase in rate adjustments, primarily in our mid-tex, mississippi, louisiana and west texas divisions.
•   a $13.7 million increase from customer growth primarily in our mid-tex division.
•   a $11.7 million decrease in operating expense in response to covid-19:
◦   $8.1 million associated with travel and entertainment and training.
◦   $3.6 million associated with lower overtime/standby costs and benefit costs.
partially offset by:
•   a $18.4 million decrease attributable to covid-19:
◦   $5.9 million decrease in net consumption and transportation during the third and fourth fiscal quarter, primarily due to a 13 percent decrease in commercial volumes.
◦   $6.3 million decrease in service order revenues primarily during the third and fourth quarter due to the cessation of collection activities during the third and fourth quarters.
◦   $6.2 million increase in bad debt expense primarily due to the cessation of collection activities during the third and fourth quarters.
•   a $30.6 million increase in depreciation expense and property taxes associated with increased capital investments.
•   a $4.5 million increase in information technology spending to support the modernization of our systems.
the year-over-year change in other non-operating expense and interest charges of $12.9 million primarily reflects increased capitalized interest and afudc primarily due to increased capitalized spending, partially offset by an increase in interest expense due to the issuance of long-term debt during fiscal 2020, an increase in community support spending and an increase in pension and other postretirement non-service costs.
the fiscal year ended september 30, 2019 compared with fiscal year ended september 30, 2018 for our distribution segment is described in item 7 "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" of our annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2019.
the following table shows our operating income by distribution division, in order of total rate base, for the fiscal years ended september 30, 2020, 2019 and 2018. the presentation of our distribution operating income is included for financial reporting purposes and may not be appropriate for ratemaking purposes.
for the fiscal year ended september 30
2020                                     2019                    2018                              2020 vs. 2019             2019 vs. 2018
(in thousands)
mid-tex                  $236,066                $202,050                $202,444                 $34,016                     $(394      )
kentucky/mid-states        76,745                  73,965                  81,105                   2,780                    (7,140      )
louisiana                  71,892                  70,440                  70,609                   1,452                      (169      )
west texas                 52,493                  44,902                  45,494                   7,591                      (592      )
mississippi                55,938                  46,229                  47,237                   9,709                    (1,008      )
colorado-kansas            34,039                  34,362                  32,333                    (323      )              2,029
other                       1,070                  (1,176    )              6,445                   2,246                    (7,621      )
total                    $528,243                $470,772                $485,667                 $57,471                  $(14,895      )
pipeline and storage segment our pipeline and storage segment consists of the pipeline and storage operations of our apt division and our natural gas transmission operations in louisiana. over 80 percent of this segment's revenues are derived from transportation and storage services provided by apt to our mid-tex division, other third party local distribution companies, industrial and electric generation customers, as well as marketers and producers.
our pipeline and storage segment is impacted by seasonal weather patterns, competitive factors in the energy industry and economic conditions in our texas and louisiana service areas. natural gas prices do not directly impact the results of this segment as revenues are derived from the transportation and storage of natural gas. however, natural gas prices and demand for natural gas could influence the level of drilling activity in the supply areas that we serve, which may influence the level of throughput we may be able to transport on our pipelines. further, natural gas price differences between the various hubs that we serve in texas could influences the volumes of gas transported for shippers through texas pipeline systems and rates for such transportation.
the results of apt are also significantly impacted by the natural gas requirements of its local distribution company customers. additionally, its operations may be impacted by the timing of when costs and expenses are incurred and when these costs and expenses are recovered through its tariffs.
apt annually uses grip to recover capital costs incurred in the prior calendar year. on february 14, 2020, apt made a grip filing that covered changes in net investment from january 1, 2019 through december 31, 2019 with a requested increase in operating income of $49.3 million. on may 20, 2020, the rrc approved the company's grip filing.
on december 21, 2016, the louisiana public service commission approved an annual increase of five percent to the demand fee charged by our natural gas transmission pipeline for each of the next 10 years, effective october 1, 2017.
review of financial and operating results financial and operational highlights for our pipeline and storage segment for the fiscal years ended september 30, 2020, 2019 and 2018 are presented below.
for the fiscal year ended september 30
2020                                                                     2019                    2018                              2020 vs. 2019             2019 vs. 2018
(in thousands, unless otherwise noted)
mid-tex / affiliate transportation revenue               $474,077                $428,586                $384,500                 $45,491                   $44,086
third-party transportation revenue                        127,444                 129,930                 115,207                  (2,486      )             14,723
other revenue                                               7,818                   8,508                   8,006                    (690      )   502
total operating revenues                                  609,339                 567,024                 507,713                  42,315                    59,311
total purchased gas cost                                    1,548                    (360    )              1,978                   1,908                    (2,338      )
operating expenses                                        311,935                 292,098                 263,468                  19,837                    28,630
operating income                                          295,856                 275,286                 242,267                  20,570                    33,019
other non-operating income (expense)                        8,436                   1,163                  (3,495    )              7,273                     4,658
interest charges                                           44,840                  43,122                  40,796                   1,718                     2,326
income before income taxes                                259,452                 233,327                 197,976                  26,125                    35,351
income tax expense                                         61,168                  50,735                  58,982                  10,433                    (8,247      )
non-cash income tax benefits(1)                            (7,495    )                  -                 (21,104    )             (7,495      )             21,104
net income                                               $205,779                $182,592                $160,098                 $23,187                   $22,494
gross pipeline transportation volumes - mmcf              822,499                 939,376                 871,904                (116,877      )             67,472
consolidated pipeline transportation volumes - mmcf       621,371                 721,998                 663,900                (100,627      )             58,098
(1)   see note 13 to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
fiscal year ended september 30, 2020 compared with fiscal year ended september 30, 2019
operating income for our pipeline and storage segment increased seven percent, which primarily reflects:
•   a $53.2 million net increase due to rate adjustments from the grip filing approved in may 2019 and 2020. the increase in rates was driven by increased safety and reliability spending.
partially offset by:
•   a $13.6 million net decrease primarily associated with the tightening of regional spreads driven by a reduction in associated permian basin gas production.
•   a $12.5 million increase in depreciation expense associated with increased capital investments.
•   a $9.4 million increase in system maintenance expense primarily due to spending on hydro testing and in-line inspections.
the year-over-year change in other non-operating income and interest charges of $5.6 million reflects increased afudc primarily due to increased capital spending, partially offset by an increase in interest expense due to the issuance of long-term debt during fiscal 2020.
the fiscal year ended september 30, 2019 compared with fiscal year ended september 30, 2018 for our pipeline and storage segment is described in item 7 "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" of our annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2019.
liquidity and capital resources the liquidity required to fund our working capital, capital expenditures and other cash needs is provided from a combination of internally generated cash flows and external debt and equity financing. as of september 30, 2020, external debt financing is provided primarily through the issuance of long-term debt, a $1.5 billion commercial paper program and four committed revolving credit facilities with a total availability from third-party lenders of approximately $2.2 billion. the commercial paper program and credit facilities provide cost-effective, short-term financing until it can be replaced with a balance of long-term debt and equity financing that achieves the company's desired capital structure with an equity-to-total-capitalization ratio between 50% and 60%, inclusive of long-term and short-term debt. additionally, we have various uncommitted trade credit lines with our gas suppliers that we utilize to purchase natural gas on a monthly basis.
we have a shelf registration statement on file with the securities and exchange commission (sec) that allows us to issue up to $4.0 billion in common stock and/or debt securities. as of the date of this report, approximately $2.4 billion of securities remained available for issuance under the shelf registration statement, which expires february 11, 2023.
we also have an at-the-market (atm) equity sales program that allows us to issue and sell shares of our common stock up to an aggregate offering price of $1.0 billion, which expires february 11, 2023. at september 30, 2020, approximately $552 million of equity is available for issuance under this atm equity sales program. additionally, as of september 30, 2020, we have $345.2 million in proceeds from previously executed forward sale agreements that must be settled during fiscal 2021.
the liquidity provided by these sources is expected to be sufficient to fund the company's working capital needs and capital expenditures program.
the following table presents our capitalization as of september 30, 2020 and 2019:
september 30
2020                                                                                  2019
(in thousands, except percentages)
short-term debt                                              $-              -    %             $464,915            4.8    %
long-term debt(1)                                     4,531,944           40.0    %            3,529,452           36.2    %
shareholders' equity                                  6,791,203           60.0    %            5,750,223           59.0    %
total capitalization, including short-term debt     $11,323,147          100.0    %           $9,744,590          100.0    %
(1)   inclusive of our finance leases as of september 30, 2020.
cash flows our internally generated funds may change in the future due to a number of factors, some of which we cannot control. these factors include regulatory changes, the price for our services, the demand for such products and services, margin requirements resulting from significant changes in commodity prices, operational risks and other factors.
cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities for the years ended september 30, 2020, 2019 and 2018 are presented below.
for the fiscal year ended september 30
2020                                                                    2019                      2018                                2020 vs. 2019             2018 vs. 2017
(in thousands)
total cash provided by (used in)
operating activities                                  $1,037,999                  $968,769                $1,124,662                 $69,230                 $(155,893      )
investing activities                                  (1,925,518    )           (1,683,660    )           (1,463,566    )           (241,858      )           (220,094      )
financing activities                                     883,777                   725,670                   326,266                 158,107                   399,404
change in cash and cash equivalents                       (3,742    )               10,779                   (12,638    )            (14,521      )             23,417
cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period          24,550                    13,771                    26,409                  10,779                   (12,638      )
cash and cash equivalents at end of period               $20,808                   $24,550                   $13,771                 $(3,742      )            $10,779
cash flows for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2019 compared with fiscal year ended september 30, 2018 is described in item 7 "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" of our annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2019.
cash flows from operating activities for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2020, we generated cash flow from operating activities of $1,038.0 million compared with $968.8 million in the prior year. the year-over-year increase in operating cash flows reflects positive cash effects of rate case outcomes achieved in fiscal 2019 and working capital changes, primarily as a result of the timing of gas cost recoveries under our purchase gas cost mechanisms.
cash flows from investing activities our capital expenditures are primarily used to improve the safety and reliability of our distribution and transmission system through pipeline replacement and system modernization and to enhance and expand our system to meet customer needs. over the last three fiscal years, approximately 87 percent of our capital spending has been committed to improving the safety and reliability of our system.
we allocate our capital spending among our service areas using risk management models and subject matter experts to identify, assess and develop a plan of action to address our highest risk facilities. we have regulatory mechanisms in most of our service areas that provide the opportunity to include approved capital costs in rate base on a periodic basis without being required to file a rate case. these mechanisms permit us a reasonable opportunity to earn a fair return on our investment without compromising safety or reliability.
for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2020, we had $1.9 billion in capital expenditures compared with $1.7 billion for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2019. capital spending increased by $242.2 million, or 14 percent, as a result of planned increases to modernize our system.
cash flows from financing activities our financing activities provided $883.8 million and $725.7 million in cash for fiscal years 2020 and 2019.
during the fiscal year ended september 30, 2020, we received $1.6 billion in net proceeds from the issuance of long-term debt and equity. we completed a public offering of $300 million of 2.625% senior notes due 2029 and $500 million of 3.375% senior notes due 2049 and entered into a two year $200 million term loan. we received net proceeds from these offerings, after the underwriting discount and offering expenses, of $791.7 million. additionally, during the fiscal year ended september 30, 2020, we settled 6,101,916 shares that had been sold on a forward basis for net proceeds of approximately $624 million. the net proceeds were used primarily to support capital spending, reduce short-term debt and other general corporate purposes.
additionally, cash dividends increased due to a 9.5 percent increase in our dividend rate and an increase in shares outstanding.
during the fiscal year ended september 30, 2019, we received $1.7 billion in net proceeds from the issuance of long-term debt and equity. a portion of the net proceeds was used to repay at maturity our $450 million 8.50% unsecured senior notes and the related settlement of our interest rate swaps for $90.1 million, to repay at maturity our $125 million floating rate term loan, to reduce short-term debt, to support our capital spending and for other general corporate purposes. cash dividends increased due to an 8.2 percent increase in our dividend rate and an increase in shares outstanding.
the following table shows the number of shares issued for the fiscal years ended september 30, 2020, 2019 and 2018:
for the fiscal year ended september 30
2020                                                      2019                      2018
shares issued:
direct stock purchase plan               107,989                   110,063                   131,213
retirement savings plan and trust         78,941                    81,456                    94,081
1998 long-term incentive plan (ltip)     254,706                   299,612                   385,351
equity issuance(1)                     6,101,916                 7,574,111                 4,558,404
total shares issued                    6,543,552                 8,065,242                 5,169,049
(1)   share amounts do not include shares issued under forward sale agreements until the shares have been settled.
credit ratings our credit ratings directly affect our ability to obtain short-term and long-term financing, in addition to the cost of such financing. in determining our credit ratings, the rating agencies consider a number of quantitative factors, including but not limited to, debt to total capitalization, operating cash flow relative to outstanding debt, operating cash flow coverage of interest and operating cash flow less dividends to debt. in addition, the rating agencies consider qualitative factors such as consistency of our earnings over time, the risks associated with our business and the regulatory structures that govern our rates in the states where we operate.
our debt is rated by two rating agencies: standard & poor's corporation (s&p) and moody's investors service (moody's). on december 16, 2019, moody's upgraded our senior unsecured long-term debt rating to a1 and changed their outlook to stable, citing our strong credit metrics as a result of continued improvement in rate design to minimize regulatory lag and our balanced fiscal policy.
as of september 30, 2020, our outlook and current debt ratings, which are all considered investment grade are as follows:
s&amp;p     moody's senior unsecured long-term debt   a           a1
short-term debt                   a-1         p-1
outlook                           stable      stable a significant degradation in our operating performance or a significant reduction in our liquidity caused by more limited access to the private and public credit markets as a result of deteriorating global or national financial and credit conditions could trigger a negative change in our ratings outlook or even a reduction in our credit ratings by the two credit rating agencies. this would mean more limited access to the private and public credit markets and an increase in the costs of such borrowings.
a credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities. the highest investment grade credit rating is aaa for s&p and aaa for moody's. the lowest investment grade credit rating is bbb- for s&p and baa3 for moody's. our credit ratings may be revised or withdrawn at any time by the rating agencies, and each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating. there can be no assurance that a rating will remain in effect for any given period of time or that a rating will not be lowered, or withdrawn entirely, by a rating agency if, in its judgment, circumstances so warrant.
debt covenants we were in compliance with all of our debt covenants as of september 30, 2020. our debt covenants are described in note 7 to the consolidated financial statements.
contractual obligations and commercial commitments the following table provides information about contractual obligations and commercial commitments at september 30, 2020.
payments due by period total             less than 1year                1-3 years               3-5 years            more than 5years
(in thousands)
contractual obligations long-term debt(1)                                             $4,560,000                      $-                  $200,000                  $10,000                $4,350,000
interest charges(2)                                            3,925,475                 194,092                   381,386                  378,984                 2,971,013
finance leases(3)                                                 16,477       741                                   1,513                    1,557                    12,666
operating leases(4)                                              278,181                  40,049                    70,176                   41,573                   126,383
financial instrument obligations(5)                                2,015                   2,015                         -                        -                         -
pension and postretirement benefit plan contributions(6)         423,505                  60,553                   133,694                   85,792                   143,466
uncertain tax positions (7)                                       30,921                       -                    30,921                        -                         -
total contractual obligations                                 $9,236,574                $297,450                  $817,690                 $517,906                $7,603,528
(1)   long-term debt excludes our finance lease obligations, which are separately reported within this table. see note 7 to the consolidated financial statements for further details.
(2)   interest charges were calculated using the effective rate for each debt issuance.
(3)   finance lease payments shown above include interest totaling $7.8 million. see note 6 to the consolidated financial statements.
(4)   operating lease payments shown above include interest totaling $41.4 million. see note 6 to the consolidated financial statements.
(5)   represents liabilities for natural gas commodity financial instruments that were valued as of september 30, 2020. the ultimate settlement amounts of these remaining liabilities are unknown because they are subject to continuing market risk until the financial instruments are settled.
(6)   represents expected contributions to our defined benefit and postretirement benefit plans, which are discussed in note 9 to the consolidated financial statements.
(7)   represents liabilities associated with uncertain tax positions claimed or expected to be claimed on tax returns. the amount does not include interest and penalties that may be applied to these positions.
we maintain supply contracts with several vendors that generally cover a period of up to one year. commitments for estimated base gas volumes are established under these contracts on a monthly basis at contractually negotiated prices. commitments for incremental daily purchases are made as necessary during the month in accordance with the terms of individual contracts. our mid-tex division also maintains a limited number of long-term supply contracts to ensure a reliable source of gas for our customers in its service area which obligate it to purchase specified volumes at market and fixed prices.
33
at september 30, 2020, we were committed to purchase 59.3 bcf within one year, 57.0 bcf within two to three years and 0.1 bcf beyond three years under indexed contracts.
risk management activities in our distribution and pipeline and storage segments, we use a combination of physical storage, fixed physical contracts and fixed financial contracts to reduce our exposure to unusually large winter-period gas price increases. additionally, we manage interest rate risk by entering into financial instruments to effectively fix the treasury yield component of the interest cost associated with anticipated financings.
we record our financial instruments as a component of risk management assets and liabilities, which are classified as current or noncurrent based upon the anticipated settlement date of the underlying financial instrument. substantially all of our financial instruments are valued using external market quotes and indices.
the following table shows the components of the change in fair value of our financial instruments for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2020 (in thousands):
fair value of contracts at september 30, 2019                         $(3,990   )
contracts realized/settled                                             (2,731   )
fair value of new contracts                                             2,570
other changes in value                                                 82,814
fair value of contracts at september 30, 2020                          78,663
netting of cash collateral                                                  -
cash collateral and fair value of contracts at september 30, 2020     $78,663
the fair value of our financial instruments at september 30, 2020, is presented below by time period and fair value source:
fair value of contracts at september 30, 2020
maturity in years source of fair value                                 lessthan 1             1-3                   4-5                   greaterthan 5             totalfairvalue
(in thousands)
prices actively quoted                               $3,672                 $49,371               $25,620               $-                        $78,663
prices based on models and other valuation methods   -                      -                     -                     -                         -
total fair value                                     $3,672                 $49,371               $25,620               $-                        $78,663
recent accounting developments recent accounting developments and their impact on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows are described in note 2 to the consolidated financial statements.
