item 1a.    risk factors because of the following factors, as well as other variables affecting our operating results, our past financial performance may not be a reliable indicator of our future performance and historical trends should not be used to anticipate our results or trends in future periods. you should carefully consider the trends, risks and uncertainties described below and other information in this form 10-k and subsequent reports filed with or furnished to the sec before making any investment decision with respect to our securities. if any of the following trends, risks or uncertainties actually occurs or continues, our business, financial condition or operating results could be materially adversely affected, the trading prices of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. all forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement.
strategic risks we are materially dependent on acceptance of our products by law enforcement markets, both domestic and international. if law enforcement agencies do not continue to purchase and use our products, our revenues will be adversely affected.
at any point, due to external factors and opinions, whether or not related to product performance, law enforcement agencies may elect to no longer purchase our ceds or other products.
we substantially depend on sales of our taser ceds, and if these products do not continue to be widely accepted, our growth prospects will be diminished.
in the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, we derived a significant portion of our revenues from sales of taser brand devices and related cartridges, and expect to depend on sales of these products for a significant portion of our revenue for the foreseeable future. a decrease in the selling prices of, or demand for these products, or their failure to maintain broad market acceptance, would significantly harm our growth prospects, operating results and financial condition.
12
if we are unable to design, introduce, sell and deploy new products or new product features successfully, our business and financial results could be adversely affected.
our future success will depend on our ability to develop new products or new product features that achieve market acceptance in a timely and cost-effective manner. these products include, but are not limited to, axon records, axon respond, and future generations of the taser ced and axon body cameras. the development of new products and new product features is complex, time consuming and expensive, and we may experience delays in completing the development and introduction of new products. we may choose to carry higher level of inventories to mitigate the risk of production delays, which may in turn expose us to an increased risk of obsolescence.
we are devoting significant resources to develop and deploy our cloud-based productivity and real-time operations saas solutions, which we intend to broadly deploy to a large number of customers. customer requirements for these products are complex and varied. if we are unable to develop scalable solutions that can consistently be configured for customers with minimal effort, or if we are unable to build out a professional services team that can consistently configure our products to meet the requirements of large numbers of customers in a timely and cost-effective manner, our ability to broadly scale our cloud-based productivity and real-time operations saas solutions could be negatively impacted, and our deployment costs could negatively impact our operating results.
we cannot provide any assurance that products that we may develop in the future will achieve market acceptance. if we fail to develop new products or new product features on a timely basis that achieve market acceptance, our business, financial results and competitive position could be adversely affected.
we face risks associated with rapid technological change and new competing products.
the technology associated with law enforcement devices and software is receiving significant attention and is rapidly evolving. while we have some patent protection in certain key areas of our ced, axon device and saas technology, it is possible that new technology may result in competing products that operate outside our patents and could present significant competition for our products, which could adversely affect our business, financial results and competitive position.
our future success is dependent on our ability to expand sales through direct sales and distributors and our inability to increase direct sales or recruit new distributors would negatively affect our sales.
our distribution strategy is to pursue sales through multiple channels with an emphasis on direct sales and independent distributors. we are focusing on direct sales to larger agencies through our regional sales managers and our inability to grow sales to these agencies in this manner could adversely affect our sales. our inability to establish relationships with and retain law enforcement equipment distributors, who we believe can successfully sell our products, would adversely affect our sales. if we do not competitively price our products, meet the requirements of our distributors or end-users, provide adequate marketing support, or comply with the terms of our distribution arrangements, our distributors may fail to aggressively market our products or may terminate their relationships with us. these developments would likely have a material adverse effect on our sales. our reliance on the sales of our products by others also makes it more difficult to predict our revenues, cash flow and operating results.
in certain states and foreign jurisdictions we have decided to pursue sales directly with law enforcement customers, rather than working through established distribution channels. our customers may have strong working relationships with distributors and we may face resistance to this change. if we do not overcome this resistance and effectively build a direct relationship with our customers, sales may be adversely affected.
acquisitions, joint ventures, and other strategic investments may have an adverse effect on our business.
we may consider additional acquisitions, joint ventures, or other strategic investments as part of our long-term business strategy. these transactions involve significant challenges and risks including that the transaction does not advance our business strategy, expected synergies are not achieved, we do not realize a satisfactory return on our investment, we experience difficulty in the integration or coordination of new employees, business systems, and technology, we incur unanticipated liabilities or impairments, or there is a diversion of management's attention from our other businesses. these events could harm our operating results, financial condition or cash flows.
13
we are highly dependent on the services of patrick w. smith, our chief executive officer.
our future success depends upon our ability to retain executive officers, specifically patrick w. smith, and any failure to do so could adversely impact our business, prospects, new product development, financial condition and operating results.
operational risks catastrophic events may disrupt our business.
a disruption or failure of our systems or operations in the event of a major earthquake, weather event, fire, explosion, failure to contain hazardous materials, industrial accident, cyber-attack, terrorist attack, public health crisis, or other catastrophic event could cause delays in completing sales, providing services, or performing other mission-critical functions. a catastrophic event that results in the destruction or disruption of any of our critical business or information technology systems could harm our ability to conduct normal business operations and our operating results as well as expose us to claims, litigation and governmental investigations and fines.
in march 2020 the world health organization declared coronavirus (or "covid-19") a global pandemic. this contagious disease outbreak, which has continued to spread throughout the united states and world, has adversely affected workforces, economies, and financial markets globally, leading to an economic downturn. as an essential provider of products and services for law enforcement and other first responders, we remain focused on protecting the health and well-being of our employees while assuring the continuity of our business operations.
covid-19-related risks that may affect our operations and financial results include, but are not limited to:
●   manufacturing disruptions at our scottsdale headquarters or at our suppliers;

●   a change in our classification as an essential business that impairs our ability to continue operating;

●   economic slowdowns that negatively affect municipal and state tax collections and put pressure on law enforcement budgets that in turn increases the risk that our customers will be unable to appropriate funds for existing or future contracts with us; this could also affect customer demand and ability to pay, cause decreases in sales, and negatively impact the realizability of our accounts and notes receivable and contract assets

●   existing and potential increased costs relating to personal protective equipment, which we are sourcing for our employees and customers;

●   costs incurred to shut down and decontaminate our facilities if the virus is detected

●   extended illness, incapacitation or death of key personnel or executives;

●   ongoing governmental mandates to shutdown factories or limit travel and the movement of people that causes interruptions to our business, supply chain or extended supply chain;

●   compounding risk from continued surges in infections around the world, including in the u.s.; and

●   additional airline bankruptcies or further reduction in very limited global freight capacity that causes interruptions to our supply chain or extended supply chain

these events have had and could continue to have an impact on our operations. if our backup and mitigation plans are not sufficient to minimize business disruption, our financial results could be adversely affected. we are continuously monitoring our operations and intend to take appropriate actions to mitigate the risks arising from the covid-19 pandemic, but there can be no assurances that we will be successful in doing so.
higher costs or unavailability of materials could adversely affect our financial results.
we depend on certain domestic and international suppliers for the delivery of components used in the assembly of our products. our reliance on third-party suppliers creates risks related to our potential inability to obtain an adequate supply of components or sub-assemblies and reduced control over pricing and timing of delivery of components and sub-assemblies. specifically, we depend on suppliers of sub-assemblies, machined parts, injection molded plastic parts, printed circuit boards, custom wire fabrications and other miscellaneous customer parts for our
14
products. although we have and are implementing additional long-term agreements with strategic suppliers to mitigate the risk of supply continuity, there remains risk across our supply chain while we extend our supplier contract program, and there is no guarantee that supply will not be interrupted.
single or sole-source components used in the manufacture of our products may become unavailable or discontinued. delays caused by industry allocations or obsolescence may take weeks or months to resolve. in some cases, parts obsolescence may require a product re-design to ensure quality replacement components. these delays could cause significant delays in manufacturing and loss of sales, leading to adverse effects significantly impacting our financial condition or results of operations and could injure our reputation.
a significant number of our raw materials or components are comprised of petroleum-based products or incur some form of landed cost associated with transporting the raw materials or components to our facility. our freight and import costs and the timely delivery of our products could be adversely impacted by a number of factors which could reduce the profitability of our operations, including: higher fuel costs; potential port closures; customs clearance issues; increased government regulation or regulatory changes for imports of foreign products into the u.s.; delays created by terrorist attacks or threats, public health issues, national disasters or work stoppages; and other matters. any interruption of supply for any material components of our products could significantly delay the shipment of our products and have a material adverse effect on our revenues, profitability and financial condition. for example, other industries are experiencing a significant shortage of semiconductors in their supply chains. we are tracking second-and third-level constraints and have taken steps to mitigate the potential impacts by building in buffers in our raw materials inventory and ensuring our suppliers have adequate access to raw material levels aligned to our forecasts. disruptions in the semi-conductor supply chain could cause a disruption in our ability to make our products.
international or domestic geopolitical or other events, including the imposition of new or increased tariffs and/or quotas by the u.s. government on any of these raw materials or components and other government trade policies, could adversely impact the supply and cost of these raw materials or components, and could adversely impact the profitability of our operations. in particular, the implementation of tariffs and trade restrictions as well as changes in trade policies between the u.s. and china may have an adverse effect on our supply chain from a sourcing and cost perspective. we source certain raw materials from china, as do some of our suppliers. while we have actively implemented programs to increase buffer inventory levels as well as transition from china along with secondary sources of raw materials outside of china, future actions or events could result in a material adverse effect on our revenues, profitability and financial condition.
to the extent demand for our products increases, our future success will be dependent upon our ability to manage our growth and to increase manufacturing production capacity, which may be accomplished by the implementation of customized manufacturing automation equipment.
to the extent demand for our products increases significantly in future periods, one of our key challenges will be to increase our production capacity to meet sales demand while maintaining product quality. our primary strategies to accomplish this include introducing additional shifts, increasing the physical size of our assembly facilities, the hiring of additional production staff, and the implementation of additional customized automation equipment. the investments we make in this equipment may not yield the anticipated labor and material efficiencies. our inability to meet any future increase in sales demand or effectively manage our expansion could have a material adverse effect on our revenues, financial results and financial condition.
delays in product development schedules may adversely affect our revenues and cash flows.
the development of ceds, devices, sensors and software is a complex and time-consuming process. new products and enhancements to existing products can require long development and testing periods. our focus on our saas platform also presents complex development issues. significant delays in new product or service releases or significant problems in creating new products or services could adversely affect our business, financial results and competitive position.
15
we expend significant resources in anticipation of a sale due to our lengthy sales cycle and may receive no revenue in return.
generally, law enforcement and corrections agencies consider a wide range of issues before committing to purchase our products, including product benefits, training costs, the cost to use our products in addition to, or in place of, other products, budget constraints and product reliability, safety and efficacy. the length of our sales cycle may range from a few weeks to as long as several years. adverse publicity surrounding our products or the safety of such products has in the past, and could in the future, lengthen our sales cycle with customers. in the past, we believe that our sales were adversely impacted by negative publicity surrounding our products or the use of our products. we may incur substantial selling costs and expend significant effort in connection with the evaluation of our products by potential customers before they place an order. if these potential customers do not purchase our products, we will have expended significant resources and received no revenue in return.
changes in civil forfeiture laws may affect our customers' ability to purchase our products.
some of our customers use funds seized through civil forfeiture proceedings to fund the purchase of our products. legislative changes could impact our customers' ability to seize funds or use seized funds to fund purchases. changes in civil forfeiture statutes or regulations are outside of our control and could limit the amount of funds available to our customers, which could adversely affect the sale of our products.
if our security measures or those of our third-party cloud storage providers are breached and unauthorized access is obtained to customers' data or our data, our network, data centers and service may be perceived as not being secure, customers may curtail or stop using our service and we may incur significant legal and financial exposure and liabilities.
our service involves the storage and transmission of customers' proprietary information, and security breaches could expose us to a risk of loss of information or the total or partial deletion or encryption of all stored customer data, litigation and possible liability. we devote significant resources to engineer secure products and ensure security vulnerabilities are mitigated, and we require our third-party service providers to do so as well. despite these efforts, security measures may be breached as a result of third-party action, employee error, and malfeasance or otherwise. breaches could occur during transfer of data to data centers or at any time, and result in unauthorized access to our data or our customers' data. third parties may attempt to fraudulently induce employees or customers into disclosing sensitive information such as usernames, passwords or other information in order to gain access to our data or our customers' data. additionally, hackers may develop and deploy viruses, worms, and other malicious software programs that attack or gain access to our networks and data centers.
because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, or to sabotage systems, change frequently, grow more complex over time, and generally are not recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. moreover, our security measures and those of our third-party service providers or customers may not detect such security breaches if they occur. although we have developed systems and processes that are designed to protect our data and user data, to prevent data loss, and to prevent or detect security breaches, we cannot assure that such measures will provide absolute security, and we may incur significant costs in protecting against or remediating cyber-attacks.
a security breach could expose us to a risk of loss or inappropriate use of proprietary and sensitive data, or the denial of access to this data. a security breach could also result in a loss of confidence in the security of our service, disrupt our business, damage our reputation, lead to legal liability, negatively impact our future sales and significantly harm our growth prospects, operating results and financial condition.
defects or disruptions in our services could impact demand for our services and subject us to substantial liability.
we currently serve our axon evidence customers from third-party cloud storage providers based in the u.s. and other countries. interruptions in our service, or loss or corruption of digital evidence, may reduce our revenue, cause us to issue credits or pay penalties, cause customers to file litigation against us, cause customers to terminate their
16
subscriptions and adversely affect our renewal rates and our ability to attract new customers. our business will also be harmed if our customers and potential customers believe our service is unreliable.
since our customers use our services for important aspects of their operations, any errors, defects, disruptions in service or other performance problems could hurt our reputation and may damage our customers' operations. as a result, customers could elect to not renew our services or delay or withhold payment to us. we could also lose future sales or customers may make warranty or other claims against us, which could result in an increase in our warranty expense, an increase in collection cycles for and decline in the collectability of accounts receivable, and an increase in the expense and risk of litigation.
defects in our products could reduce demand for our products and result in a loss of sales, delay in market acceptance and damage to our reputation.
complex components and assemblies used in our products may contain undetected defects that are subsequently discovered at any point in the life of the product. defects in our products could result in a loss of sales, delay in market acceptance, damage to our reputation and increased warranty costs, which could adversely affect our business, financial results and competitive position.
our international operations expose us to additional risks that could harm our business, operating results, and financial condition.
our international operations are significant, and we plan to continue to grow internationally by acquiring existing entities or setting up new legal entities in new markets. in certain international markets, we have limited operating experience and may not benefit from any first-to-market advantages or otherwise succeed. in addition to risks described elsewhere in this section, our international operations expose us to other risks, including the following:
●   restrictions on foreign ownership and investments, and stringent foreign exchange controls that might prevent us from repatriating cash earned in countries outside the u.s.

●   import and export requirements, tariffs, trade disputes and barriers, and customs classifications that may prevent us from offering products or providing services to a particular market or obtaining necessary parts and components to manufacture products, which may lead to decreased sales and may increase our operating costs.

●   longer payment cycles in some countries, increased credit risk, and higher levels of payment fraud.

●   uncertainty regarding liability for our products and services, including uncertainty as a result of local laws and lack of legal precedent.

●   different labor laws and customs, existence of workers' councils and labor unions, and other challenges caused by distance, language, and cultural differences, making it harder to do business in certain jurisdictions.

additionally, changes in international local political, economic, regulatory, tax, social, and labor conditions may adversely harm our business and compliance with complex foreign and u.s. laws and regulations that apply to our international operations increases our cost of doing business. these numerous and sometimes conflicting laws and regulations include, among others, environmental regulations, internal control and disclosure rules, privacy and data protection requirements, anti-corruption laws, such as the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act, and other local laws prohibiting corrupt payments to governmental officials, and competition regulations, among others.
our business in the united kingdom may be negatively impacted by the exit of the united kingdom from the eu (commonly referred to as "brexit"). the exit itself could negatively impact the united kingdom and other economies, which could adversely affect sales of our products and services. we may also experience increased volatility in the value of the pound sterling, the euro and other european currencies. in addition, brexit could lead to legal uncertainty and potentially divergent national laws and regulations in the united kingdom and the eu, and we
17
may incur additional costs or need to make operational changes as we adapt to potentially divergent regulatory frameworks.
violations of these laws and regulations could result in fines and penalties, criminal sanctions against us, our officers, or our employees, prohibitions on the conduct of our business and on our ability to offer our products and services in one or more countries, and could also materially affect our brand, our international growth efforts, our ability to attract and retain employees, our business, and our operating results. although we have implemented policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with these laws and regulations, there can be no assurance that our employees, contractors, or agents will not violate our policies.
we depend on our ability to attract and retain our key management, sales and technical personnel.
our success depends upon the continued service of our key management personnel. our success also depends on our ability to continue to attract, retain and motivate qualified technical employees. although we have employment agreements with our officers and other members of our executive management team, the employment of such persons is "at-will" and either we or the employee can terminate the employment relationship at any time, subject to the applicable terms of the employment agreements. the competition for our key employees is intense. the loss of the service of one or more of our key personnel could adversely impact our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results.
financial risks an increasing percentage of our revenue is derived from subscription billing arrangements which may result in delayed cash collections and may increase customer credit risk on receivables and contract assets.
a growing portion of our sales are derived from subscription billing arrangements and on an open credit basis. while we record an estimate of expected credit losses and perform ongoing reviews of trade accounts receivables, if we become aware of information related to the creditworthiness of a major customer, or if future actual default rates on receivables in general differ from those currently anticipated, we may have to adjust our expected credit loss reserve, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition or operating results.
we may experience a decline in gross margins due to a shift in product sales from ceds to software and sensors products and services which may continue to carry a lower gross margin.
we continue to invest in the growth of the software and sensors segment, and this expected growth may result in a higher percentage of total revenues being comprised of software and sensors products and services. gross margin as a percentage of net sales for the software and sensors segment is currently lower than that of the taser segment, and may continue to be lower in the future.
saas revenue for axon evidence is recognized over the terms of the contracts, which may be several years, and, as such, trends in new business may not be immediately reflected in our operating results.
our saas service revenue is generally recognized ratably over the terms of the contracts, which generally range from one to five years. as a result, most of the saas revenue we report each quarter is the result of agreements entered into during previous quarters. consequently, current positive or negative trends in this portion of our business may not be fully reflected in our revenue results for several periods.
most of our end-user customers are subject to budgetary and political constraints that may delay or prevent sales.
most of our end-user customers are government agencies. these agencies often do not set their own budgets and therefore, have limited control over the amount of money they can spend. in addition, these agencies experience political pressure that may dictate the manner in which they spend money. as a result, even if an agency wants to acquire our products, it may be unable to purchase them due to budgetary or political constraints, particularly in challenging economic environments. there can be no assurance that the economic, budgeting or political issues will not worsen and adversely impact sales of our products. some government agency orders may also be canceled or
18
substantially delayed due to budgetary, political or other scheduling delays, which frequently occur in connection with the acquisition of products by such agencies, and such cancellations may accelerate or be more severe than we have experienced historically.
due to municipal government funding rules, certain of our contracts are subject to appropriation, termination for convenience, or similar cancellation clauses, which could allow our customers to cancel or not exercise options to renew contracts in the future.
although we have entered into contracts for the delivery of products and services in the future and anticipate the contracts will be completed, if agencies do not appropriate money in future year budgets, terminate contracts for convenience or if other cancellation clauses are invoked, revenue and cash associated with these bookings will not ultimately be recognized, and could result in a reduction to bookings and revenue.
we maintain most of our cash balances, some of which are not insured, at four depository institutions.
we maintain the majority of our cash and cash equivalents accounts at four depository institutions. as of december 31, 2020, the aggregate balances in such accounts were $145.1 million. our balances with these institutions regularly exceed federal deposit insurance corporation ("fdic") insured limits for domestic deposits and various foreign deposit insurance programs covering our deposits in australia, canada, finland, germany, hong kong, india, italy, the netherlands, spain, the united kingdom, and vietnam.
we could suffer losses with respect to the uninsured balances if the depository institutions failed and the institution's assets were insufficient to cover its deposits and/or the governments did not take actions to support deposits in excess of existing insurance limits. any such losses could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity, financial condition and results of operations.
stock compensation expense may have a material, unpredictable impact on our results of operations.
we have historically granted and expect to continue to grant stock-based compensation to key employees and non-employee directors as a means of attracting and retaining highly qualified personnel. all stock-based awards are required to be recognized in our financial statements based on their grant date fair values. the amount recognized for stock compensation expense could vary depending on a number of assumptions or changes that may occur.
for awards containing multiple service, performance and market conditions, where all conditions must be satisfied prior to vesting, compensation expense is recognized over the requisite service period, which is defined as the longest explicit, implicit or derived service period, based on management's estimate of the probability and timing of the performance criteria being satisfied, adjusted at each balance sheet date. changes in the subjective and probability-based assumptions can materially affect the estimates of the fair value of the awards and timing of recognition of stock-based compensation expense and consequently, the related amount recognized in our statements of operations and comprehensive income.
if we achieve specific operational goals and the covered employees complete the requisite service conditions for the performance-based awards with multiple service, performance, and market conditions, including our ceo performance award and our exponential stock performance plan ("xspp"), we will recognize stock compensation expense regardless of whether the market conditions are achieved and the underlying tranches vest.
our financial performance is subject to risks associated with changes in the value of the u.s. dollar versus local currencies.
for current and potential international customers whose contracts are denominated in u.s. dollars, the relative change in local currency values creates relative fluctuations in our product pricing. these changes in international end-user costs may result in lost orders and reduce the competitiveness of our products in certain foreign markets. additionally, intercompany sales to our non-u.s. dollar functional currency international subsidiaries are transacted in u.s. dollars which could increase our foreign exchange rate risk caused by foreign currency transaction gains and losses.
19
for non-u.s. dollar denominated sales, weakening of foreign currencies relative to the u.s. dollar generally leads us to raise international pricing, potentially reducing demand for our products. should we decide not to raise local prices to fully offset the dollar's strengthening, the u.s. dollar value of our foreign currency denominated sales and earnings would be adversely affected. we do not currently engage in hedging activities. fluctuations in foreign currency could result in a change in the u.s. dollar value of our foreign denominated assets and liabilities including accounts receivable. therefore, the u.s. dollar equivalent collected on a given sale could be less than the amount invoiced causing the sale to be less profitable than contemplated.
we also import selected components which are used in the manufacturing of some of our products. although our purchase orders are generally in u.s. dollars, weakness in the u.s. dollar could lead to price increases for the components.
unanticipated changes in our effective tax rate and additional tax liabilities may impact our operating results.
we are subject to income taxes in the u.s. and various jurisdictions outside of the u.s. our effective tax rate could fluctuate due to changes in the mix of earnings and losses in countries with differing statutory tax rates. our tax expense could also be impacted by changes in non-deductible expenses, changes in excess tax benefits related to exercises of stock options and vesting of restricted stock units, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities and our ability to utilize them, the applicability of withholding taxes, and changes in our liability for unrecognized tax benefits.
we are subject to tax examinations in multiple jurisdictions. while we regularly evaluate new information that may change our judgment resulting in recognition, derecognition or change in measurement of a tax position taken, there can be no assurance that the final determination of any examinations will not have an adverse effect on our operating results and financial position.
our tax provision could also be impacted by changes in federal, state or international tax laws including fundamental tax law changes applicable to corporate multinationals.
additionally, we may be subject to additional tax liabilities due to changes in non-income-based taxes resulting from changes in federal, state, city or international tax laws, changes in taxing jurisdictions' administrative interpretations, decisions, policies, and positions, results of tax examinations, settlements or judicial decisions, changes in accounting principles, changes to the business operations, including acquisitions, as well as the evaluation of new information that results in a change to a tax position taken in a prior period.
our revenues and operating results may fluctuate unexpectedly from quarter-to-quarter, which may cause our stock price to decline.
our revenues and operating results have varied significantly in the past and may vary significantly in the future due to various factors, including, but not limited to:
●   budgetary cycles of municipal, state and federal law enforcement and corrections agencies;

●   market acceptance of our products and services;

●   the timing of large domestic and international orders;

●   the outcome of any existing or future litigation;

●   adverse publicity surrounding our products, the safety of our products, or the use of our products;

●   changes in our sales mix;

●   new product introduction costs;

●   increased raw material expenses;

●   changes in our operating expenses, including stock-based compensation expense;

●   changes in foreign currency exchange rates and

20
●   regulatory changes that may affect the marketability of our products.

as a result of these and other factors, we believe that period-to-period comparisons of our operating results may not be meaningful in the short term, and our performance in a particular period may not be indicative of our performance in any future period.
legal and compliance risks we may face personal injury, wrongful death and other liability claims that harm our reputation and adversely affect our sales and financial condition.
our ced products are often used in aggressive confrontations that may result in serious, permanent bodily injury or death to those involved. our ced products may be associated with these injuries. a person, or the family members of a person, injured in a confrontation or otherwise in connection with the use of our products, may bring legal action against us to recover damages on the basis of theories including wrongful death, personal injury, negligent design, defective product or inadequate warning. we are currently subject to a number of such lawsuits and we have been subject to significant adverse judgments and settlements. we may also be subject to lawsuits involving allegations of misuse of our products. if successful, wrongful death, personal injury, misuse and other claims could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition and could result in negative publicity about our products. we incur significant legal expenses in defending these cases, and significant litigation could also result in a diversion of management's attention and resources, negative publicity and a potential award of monetary damages in excess of our insurance coverage. the outcome of any litigation is inherently uncertain and there can be no assurance that our existing or any future litigation will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or operating results.
other litigation may subject us to significant litigation costs and judgments and divert management attention from our business.
we have been or could in the future be involved in numerous other litigation matters relating to our products, contracts and business relationships, including litigation against persons whom we believe have infringed on our intellectual property, infringement litigation filed against us, litigation against a competitor, enforcement actions filed against us, and litigation involving the u.s. federal trade commission ("ftc"). such matters have resulted, and are expected to continue to result in, substantial costs to us, including in the form of attorneys' fees and costs, damages, fines or other penalties, whether pursuant to a judgment or settlement, and diversion of our management's attention, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition or operating results. there is also a risk of adverse judgments, as the outcome of litigation is inherently uncertain.
we have been, and may be in the future, subject to intellectual property infringement and other claims, which could incur substantial litigation costs, result in significant damage awards, inhibit our use of certain technologies, and divert management attention from our business.
many companies own intellectual property rights that are directly or indirectly related to public safety technologies. these companies periodically demand licensing agreements or engage in litigation based on allegations of infringement or other violations of their patents, trademarks, copyrights, or trade secrets. non-practicing entities also have patents they have been granted or otherwise acquired, including patents that are directly or indirectly related to public safety technologies. these entities may seek compensation for perceived infringement of their patents, including by filing claims against us, independent of the merit of any such claims. as we enter new markets, expand into new product categories, and otherwise offer new products, services, and technologies, additional intellectual property claims may be filed against us by these companies, entities, and other third parties. additional intellectual property claims may also be filed against us as our current products, services, and technologies gain additional market share.
if our products, services, or technologies were found to infringe a third-party's proprietary rights, we could be forced to enter into costly royalty or licensing agreements in order to be able to sell our products or discontinue use of the protected technology. such royalty and licensing agreements may not be available on terms acceptable to us or at all. we could also be required to pay substantial damages, fines or other penalties, indemnify customers or distributors,
21
cease the manufacture, use, or sale of infringing products or processes, and/or expend significant resources to develop or acquire non-infringing technologies. our suppliers may not provide, or we may not be able to obtain, intellectual property indemnification sufficient to offset all damages, fines or other penalties resulting from any claims of intellectual property infringement brought against us or our customers. there is no guarantee that our use of conventional technology searching and brand clearance searching will identify all potential rights holders. rights holders may demand payment for past infringements and/or force us to accept costly license terms or discontinue use of protected technology and/or works of authorship that may include, for example, photos, videos, and software. our current research and development focus on developing software-based products, including that which is related to artificial intelligence, increases this risk.
if we are unable to protect our intellectual property, the value of our brands and products may decrease and we may lose our competitive market advantage.
our future success depends upon our proprietary technology. our protective measures for this proprietary technology include patents, trademarks, copyrights, and trade secret protection. however, these protective measures, as well as our efforts to pursue such protective measures, may prove inadequate. for example, the value of intellectual property protection in certain countries may not be apparent until after such protection can no longer be pursued. as such, our intellectual property protection may not extend to all countries in which our products are distributed or will be distributed in the future. though we work to protect our innovations, we may not be able to obtain protection for certain innovations. for example, we may be unable to patent some software-based products. the scope of any patent protection we have obtained, or may obtain, may not prevent others from developing and selling competing products. despite our efforts, any intellectual property protection we obtain may be later determined to be insufficient or ineffective.
our protective measures may prove inadequate for reasons outside of our control. different intellectual property laws between different countries may lead to differences in protection between such countries. in certain countries in which our products are distributed, the ability to effectively enforce intellectual property rights may not exist. patent requirements differ by country and certain domestic or foreign laws may prohibit us from satisfying these requirements, creating a risk that some of our international patents may become unenforceable. patents for older technologies, such as our m26 and x26e models of ceds, have expired or will expire due to statutory limits on patent term. despite policies and efforts to maintain secrecy, trade secrets and other confidential information we maintain, or may choose to maintain in the future, could be compromised by employees, partners, or other third parties.
once established, there is no guarantee that our intellectual property rights will remain in force. issued patents may be re-examined and subsequently ruled invalid or unenforceable. our registered trademarks may also be diminished or lost. for example, there is a risk that our "taser" trademark could become synonymous with the general product category of "conducted energy devices". the right to stop others from misusing our trademarks and service marks in commerce depends, to some extent, on our ability to show evidence of enforcement of our rights against such misuse in commerce. our efforts to stop improper use, if insufficient, may lead to loss of trademark and service mark rights, brand loyalty and notoriety among our customers and prospective customers.
our intellectual property may also be at risk if we are unable to defend from enforcement actions, such as that filed by the ftc against us regarding our acquisition of vievu llc from safariland llc on may 3, 2018. for additional discussion of this matter, refer to note 10 to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k. if successful, the ftc is seeking a divestiture of vievu along with axon assets sufficient to stand up a viable competitor.
inability to protect our intellectual property could negatively impact our commercial efforts and competitive market advantage. regardless of outcome, the prosecution of patent and other intellectual property claims is both costly and time consuming. unauthorized use of our proprietary technology could divert our management's attention from our business, and could result in a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, and operating results.
22
internationally, we can enforce patent rights only in the jurisdictions in which our patent applications have been granted.
our u.s. patents protect us from imported infringing products coming into the u.s. from abroad. we have made applications for patents in a few foreign countries; however, these may be inadequate to protect markets for our products in other foreign countries. each patent is examined and granted according to the law of the country where it was filed independent of whether a u.s. patent on similar technology was granted. a patent in a foreign country may be subject to cancellation if the claimed invention has not been sold in that country. meeting the requirements of working invention differs by country and ranges from sales in the country to manufacturing in the country. u.s. export law, or the laws of some foreign countries, may prohibit us from satisfying the requirements for working the invention, creating a risk that some of our international patents may become unenforceable.
a variety of new and existing laws and/or interpretations could materially and adversely affect our business.
as detailed in "business - government regulation," we are subject to a variety of laws and regulations in the united states and abroad that involve matters central to our business, including privacy, data protection and personal information, rights of publicity, content, intellectual property, advertising, marketing, distribution, data security, data retention and deletion, electronic contracts and other communications, competition, consumer protection, telecommunications, product liability, taxation, labor and employment, economic or other trade prohibitions or sanctions, securities law compliance, and online payment services. the introduction of new products, expansion of our activities in certain jurisdictions, or other actions that we may take may subject us to additional laws, regulations, or other government scrutiny. in addition, foreign data protection, privacy, content, competition, and other laws and regulations can impose different obligations or be more restrictive than those in the united states.
these u.s. federal and state and foreign laws and regulations, which in some cases can be enforced by private parties in addition to government entities, are constantly evolving and can be subject to significant change. as a result, the application, interpretation, and enforcement of these laws and regulations are often uncertain and may be interpreted and applied inconsistently from country to country and inconsistently with our current policies and practices. new laws and regulations (or new interpretations of existing laws and regulations) may require us to incur substantial costs, expose us to unanticipated civil or criminal liability, or cause us to change our business practices.
the costs of compliance with these laws and regulation are high and are likely to increase in the future. additionally, these laws and regulations, or any associated inquiries or investigations or other government actions, may delay or impede the development of new products, result in negative publicity, require significant management time and attention, and subject us to remedies that may harm our business, including fines or demands or orders that we modify or cease existing business practices.
taser and axon devices for our taser products, we rely on the opinions of the u.s. bureau of alcohol, tobacco, firearms and explosives, including the determination that a device that does not expel projectiles by the action of an explosive is not classified as a firearm. changes in statutes, regulations, and interpretation outside of our control may result in our products being classified or reclassified as firearms. if this were to occur, our private citizen market could be substantially reduced because consumers would be required to comply with federal, state, or local firearm transfer requirements prior to purchasing our products.
federal regulation of sales in the u.s.: our ceds are not firearms regulated by the u.s. bureau of alcohol, tobacco, firearms and explosives, but our consumer products are regulated by the u.s. consumer product safety commission. although there are currently no federal laws restricting sales of our core ced products in the u.s., future federal regulation could adversely affect sales of our products.
our ced products are subject to regulation by testing, safety and other standard organizations. these regulations also affect ceds with axon signal technology, including signal performance power magazine technology, and taser 7 battery packs, and could impact future ceds that feature wireless technology.
23
federal regulation of international sales: our ceds are considered a "crime control" product by the u.s. doc for export directly from the u.s which requires us to obtain an export license from the doc for the export of our ced devices from the u.s. to any country other than canada. future products and services may require classifications from the doc before they may be shipped internationally. our inability to obtain doc export licenses or classifications on a timely basis for sales of our products to our international customers could significantly and adversely affect our international sales.
federal regulation of foreign national employees: our intangible ced production is also considered controlled "technology" by the u.s. doc and is categorized as a "deemed export" for any foreign national employees exposed to the technology within the u.s. consequently, we must obtain an export licenses from the doc for any deemed export within the u.s. made to a foreign national employee exposed to the deemed controlled technology. deemed export licenses are subject to doc approvals and issued licenses require annual status reports for the stated employees. inability to obtain proper licensing could curtail the company's ability to execute r&d and production related to ced technology.
state and local regulation: our ceds are controlled, restricted or, less frequently, prohibited by a number of state and local governments. other jurisdictions may ban or restrict the sale of our ced products, or restrict their use through changes to use-of-force laws or regulations, and our product sales may be significantly affected by additional state, county and city governmental regulation.
international regulation of foreign imports and sales: certain jurisdictions prohibit, restrict, or require a permit for the importation, sale, possession or use of ceds, including in some countries by law enforcement agencies, limiting our international sales opportunities.
u.s. and international regulation of component movements globally: we rely on a global supply chain of components across our product lines with most final assembly occurring in the u.s. export of these components from abroad is subject to shifting regulatory landscapes imposed by both the foreign government and u.s. authorities upon import. abrupt changes to these regulations can result in delays or interruptions to final product supplies.
international regulation of foreign-based operations: we maintain foreign operations in several countries globally for purposes of logistics, sales, and r&d support. any failure to properly maintain or license could limit our ability to sell, support, or develop our products and services both internationally and in the u.s. market.
radio spectrum devices certain of our products utilize the radio spectrum to provide wireless voice, data and video communications services. the allocation of spectrum is regulated in the u.s. and other countries and limited spectrum space is allocated to wireless services and specifically to public safety users. we manufacture and market products in spectrum bands already made available by regulatory bodies. if current products do not comply with the regulations set forth by these governing bodies, we may be unable to sell our products or could incur penalties. our results could be negatively affected by the rules and regulations adopted from time to time by the fcc or regulatory agencies in other countries. regulatory changes in current spectrum bands may also require modifications to some of our products so they can continue to be manufactured and marketed.
axon body worn cameras, docks, fleet vehicle cameras and signal devices are subject to fcc's rules and regulations. these regulations affect ceds with signal technology, including the taser 7, sppm, and future ceds implementing wireless technology. compliance with government regulations could increase our operations and product costs and impact our future financial results.
environmental regulations we are subject to various state, federal and international laws and regulations governing the environment, including restricting the presence of certain substances in our products and making us financially responsible for the collection, treatment, recycling and disposal of such products. in addition, further environmental legislation may be
24
enacted in other jurisdictions, including the u.s. (under federal and state laws) and other countries, the cumulative impact of which could be significant.
we endeavor to comply with applicable environmental laws, yet compliance with such laws could increase our operations and product costs, increase the complexities of product design, procurement, and manufacturing, limit our ability to manage excess and obsolete non-compliant inventory, limit our sales activities, and impact our future financial results. any violation of the various environmental regulations can subject us to significant liability, including fines, penalties, and prohibiting sales of our products into one or more states or countries and result in a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations.
privacy regulations we are subject to laws and regulations that dictate whether, how, and under what circumstances we can transfer, process and/or receive certain data that is critical to our operations, including data shared between countries or regions in which we operate and data shared among our products and services. if one or more of the legal mechanisms for transferring data from other countries to the u.s. is invalidated, if we are unable to transfer data between and among countries and regions in which we operate, or if we are prohibited from sharing data among our products and services, it could affect the manner in which we provide our services or adversely affect our financial results. additional countries may pass legislation implementing data protection requirements or requiring local storage and processing of data or similar requirements that could increase the cost and complexity of delivering our services and expose us to significant penalties for non-compliance.
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations ("md&a")
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations ("md&a") is designed to provide a reader of our consolidated financial statements with a narrative from the perspective of our management on our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and certain other factors that may affect our future results. our md&a should be read in conjunction with the other sections of this annual report on form 10-k, including part i, item 1a: "risk factors" and part ii, item 8: "financial statements and supplementary data." the various sections of this md&a contain a number of forward-looking statements, all of which are based on our current expectations and could be affected by the uncertainties and risk factors described throughout this filing. the tables in the md&a sections below are derived from exact numbers and may have immaterial rounding differences.
this section discusses our results of operations for the year ended december 31, 2020 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2019. for a discussion and analysis of the year ended december 31, 2019, compared to the same period in 2018 please refer to management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations included in part ii, item 7 of our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2019, filed with the sec on february 27, 2020.
overview axon is a global network of devices, apps and people that helps public safety personnel become smarter and safer. with a mission of protecting life, our technologies give law enforcement the confidence, focus and time they need to protect their communities. our products impact every aspect of a public safety officer's day-to-day experience with the goal of helping everyone get home safe.
our revenues for the year ended december 31, 2020 were $681.0 million, an increase of $150.1 million, or 28.2%, from the prior year. we had a loss from operations of $14.2 million compared to $6.4 million in the prior year. the higher loss from operations was primarily the result of increased stock compensation expense for our ceo performance award and xspp awards and an increase in legal expenses. remaining cost increases were primarily attributable to the increase in unit sales and an increase in headcount. these cost increases were largely offset by higher revenue and improved gross margin. for the year ended december 31, 2020, we recorded net loss of $1.7 million compared to net income of $0.9 million for the prior year.
2021 outlook for the year ending december 31, 2021, we expect revenue of $740 million to $780 million. we anticipate that revenue for the three months ending march 31, 2021 will reflect approximately 12% growth as compared to the three months ended march 31, 2020. we anticipate capital expenditures of approximately $65 million to $70 million in 2021, including approximately $25 million in support of capacity expansion and automation of taser device and cartridge manufacturing, approximately $20 million for development of our planned new manufacturing and office facility in scottsdale, arizona, and the remainder on investments to support our continued growth.
covid-19
in late 2019, covid-19 was first detected in wuhan, china. in march 2020 the world health organization declared covid-19 a global pandemic. this contagious disease outbreak, which has continued to spread throughout the united states and world, has adversely affected workforces, economies, and financial markets globally, leading to an economic downturn. as an essential provider of products and services for law enforcement and other first responders, we remain focused on protecting the health and wellbeing of our employees while assuring the continuity of our business operations.
in response to the pandemic, axon has taken a number of actions:
customer support:
●   free access to axon citizen cloud software to all public law enforcement agencies in 2020 to enable social distancing;

28
●   a partnership with the national police foundation to provide personal protective equipment ("ppe") for first responders;

●   an online support center for our customers, www.axon.com/covid-19-support-center; and

●   our annual axon accelerate user conference was held virtually in late august 2020.

employee safety and manufacturing:
●   curbed all non-essential travel at the beginning of march;

●   we continue to allow for a remote work model for the majority of our office staff, with medical screening for any employees who do work in our offices; and

●   mitigating contamination risk in our facilities through staggered shifts, the use of ppe, increased distancing, cleaning standards that exceed cdc guidance, and paying or subsidizing certain high-risk employees while they stay at home.

supply chain:
●   we previously took steps to diversify our supply chain and global manufacturing footprint, which have positioned us well to manage through the pandemic. thus far, we have been able to produce and ship our critical core products with little to no interruption.

●   we have proactively built up a safety stock of raw and finished goods inventory aligned to our strategic model to help meet strong product demand while also preparing us to stagger factory work schedules. we continue to adjust strategic inventory levels based on areas of risk to mitigate potential supply disruptions.

●   in light of our broad geographic supplier base both domestic and international, we are continuously monitoring our supply chain to manage through potential impacts, finding alternate sources as well as shipping / logistic options as available or working with foreign regulators to ensure that our suppliers can provide parts.

shareholder engagement:
●   we have pivoted our shareholder engagement to a virtual format.

o   our annual meeting was held virtually on may 29, 2020, and we anticipate holding our 2021 annual meeting virtually;

o   we completed a follow-on equity offering in june 2020 for which all related marketing was conducted virtually; and

o   we will continue to participate in several upcoming investor conferences utilizing video conferencing. all investor materials and events are available at investor.axon.com.

we are in a strong liquidity position, with substantial cash and investments on hand, which are discussed in more detail under liquidity and capital resources. we believe that our existing liquidity and other sources of funding will be sufficient to satisfy our currently anticipated cash requirements including capital expenditures, working capital requirements, potential acquisitions or strategic investments and other liquidity requirements through at least the next 12 months. our expenses for the year ended december 31, 2020 increased by approximately $4.1 million for costs related to the pandemic. we expect ongoing increased costs related to the mitigation of contamination risk at our facilities. we expect these incremental costs will continue to be partially offset by savings on travel and events and other cost-savings measures.
we have elected to participate in the social security deferral program offered under the coronavirus aid, relief, and economic security act, whereby we deferred payment of the employer portion of all social security taxes that would otherwise have been payable from march 27, 2020 through december 31, 2020. payment of the deferred amount is due 50% on december 31, 2021 and 50% on december 31, 2022.
29
results of operations the following table presents data from our consolidated statements of operations as well as the percentage relationship to total net sales of items included in our statements of operations (dollars in thousands):

year ended december 31,
2020                                     2019
net sales from products                               $500,250                73.5   %         $399,474               75.3   %
net sales from services                                       180,753         26.5                    131,386         24.7
net sales                                                     681,003        100.0                    530,860        100.0
cost of product sales                                         224,131         32.9                    190,683         35.9
cost of service sales                                          40,541          6.0                     32,891          6.2
cost of sales                                                 264,672         38.9                    223,574         42.1
gross margin                                                  416,331         61.1                    307,286         57.9
operating expenses:
sales, general and administrative                             307,286         45.1                    212,959         40.1
research and development                                      123,195         18.1                    100,721         19.0
total operating expenses                                      430,481         63.2                    313,680         59.1
income (loss) from operations                                (14,150)        (2.1)                    (6,394)        (1.2)
interest and other income, net                                  7,859          1.1                      8,464          1.6
income (loss) before provision for income taxes               (6,291)        (1.0)                      2,070          0.4
provision for (benefit from) income taxes                     (4,567)        (0.7)                      1,188          0.2
net income (loss)                                     $(1,724)               (0.3)   %         $882                    0.2   %
net sales to the u.s. and other countries are summarized as follows (dollars in thousands):

year ended december 31,
2020                                2019
united states               $535,079        79    %             $446,100        84   %
other countries              145,924        21                    84,760        16
total                       $681,003       100    %             $530,860       100   %
international revenue in 2020 increased substantially compared to 2019, driven by strength in all of our international regions and most notably within emea.
our operations are comprised of two reportable segments: the manufacture and sale of ceds, batteries, accessories and extended warranties and other products and services (collectively, the "taser" segment); and software and sensors, which includes the sale of devices, wearables, applications, cloud and mobile products, and services (collectively, the "software and sensors" segment). in both segments, we report sales of products and services. service revenue in both segments includes sales related to axon evidence. in the taser segment, service revenue also includes digital subscription training content. in the software and sensors segment, service revenue also includes other recurring cloud-hosted software revenue and related professional services. collectively, this revenue is sometimes referred to as "axon cloud revenue." revenue from our "products" in the software and sensors segment are generally from sales of sensors, including on-officer body cameras, axon fleet cameras, other hardware sensors, warranties on sensors, and other products, and is sometimes referred to as "sensors and other revenue." within the software and sensors segment, we include only revenues and costs attributable to that segment which costs include: costs of sales for both products and services, direct labor, and product management and r&d for products included, or to be included, within the software and sensors segment. all other costs are included in the taser segment.
30
for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019
net sales net sales by product line were as follows for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019 (dollars in thousands):

year ended december 31,                                        dollar                 percent
2020                                                2019       change                  change taser segment:
taser 7                                $107,506            15.8    %          $56,652      10.7   %   $50,854                   89.8   %
taser x26p                                     41,724       6.1                52,524       9.9              (10,800)         (20.6)
taser x2                                       60,107       8.8                55,920      10.5                 4,187            7.5
taser pulse                                     9,407       1.4                 4,089       0.8                 5,318          130.1
cartridges                                    115,193      16.9                85,987      16.2                29,206           34.0
axon evidence and cloud services                2,935       0.4                   704       0.1                 2,231          316.9
extended warranties                            20,754       3.0                18,074       3.4                 2,680           14.8
other                                           8,926       1.3                 7,711       1.5                 1,215           15.8
taser segment                                 366,552      53.7               281,661      53.1                84,891           30.1
software and sensors segment:
axon body                                      57,150       8.4                44,039       8.3                13,111           29.8
axon flex                                       4,082       0.6                 5,928       1.1               (1,846)         (31.1)
axon fleet                                     20,108       3.0                16,182       3.0                 3,926           24.3
axon dock                                      19,723       2.9                20,449       3.9                 (726)          (3.6)
axon evidence and cloud services              176,797      26.0               130,265      24.5                46,532           35.7
extended warranties                            24,408       3.6                19,188       3.6                 5,220           27.2
other                                          12,183       1.8                13,148       2.5                 (965)          (7.3)
software and sensors segment                  314,451      46.3               249,199      46.9                65,252           26.2
total net sales                        $681,003           100.0    %         $530,860     100.0   %   $150,143                  28.3   %
net unit sales were as follows:

year ended december 31,           unit             percent
2020             2019                        change              change taser 7               77,451                49,221         28,230          57.4     %
taser x26p            37,391                48,798       (11,407)        (23.4)     %
taser x2              43,407                40,973          2,434           5.9     %
taser pulse           33,158                11,785         21,373         181.4     %
cartridges         3,714,291             2,751,603        962,688          35.0     %
axon body            182,538               151,499         31,039          20.5     %
axon flex              8,962                15,586        (6,624)        (42.5)     %
axon fleet            11,304                10,467   837                    8.0     %
axon dock             25,422                22,275          3,147          14.1     %
net sales for the taser segment increased $84.9 million, or 30.1%, primarily as a result of a net increase of $49.6 million in taser device sales and a $29.2 million increase in cartridge revenue. cartridge revenue increased due to increased unit sales, partially offset by a slight decrease in average selling price. we continue to see a shift to purchases of our latest generation device, taser 7, from legacy devices, especially x26p devices. sales of our taser 7 device also drove the increase in revenue from axon evidence and cloud services. revenue was also impacted by higher average selling prices for taser 7, x2, and x26p. revenue from consumer taser pulse devices increased due to a substantial increase in volume, partially offset by lower average selling prices.
net sales for the software and sensors segment increased $65.3 million, or 26.2%. revenue from axon evidence and cloud services increased $46.5 million as we continued to add users and associated devices to our network during
31
the year ended december 31, 2020. the increase in the aggregate number of users and devices also resulted in increased extended warranty revenues of $5.2 million. revenue from axon body cameras increased $13.1 million following the introduction of our axon body 3 camera during the third quarter of 2019.
backlog - as of december 31, 2020 compared to december 31, 2019
our backlog for products and services includes all orders that have been received and are believed to be firm.
in the taser segment, we define backlog as equal to deferred revenue. deferred revenue represents amounts invoiced to customers for goods and services to be delivered in subsequent periods. we process orders within the taser segment quickly, and our best estimate of firm orders outstanding as of period end represents those that have been invoiced but remain undelivered. the taser segment backlog balance was $61.8 million as of december 31, 2020. we expect to realize $28.9 million of this deferred revenue balance as revenue during the next 12 months. this represents cash received and accounts receivable from customers on or prior to december 31, 2020 for products and services expected to be delivered in the next 12 months.
in the software and sensors segment, we define backlog as cumulative bookings, net of cancellations, less product and service revenue recognized to date. bookings are generally realized as revenue over multiple years. the software and sensors backlog balance was $1.4 billion as of december 31, 2020. this backlog balance includes $213.4 million of deferred revenue, and $1.2 billion that has been recorded as bookings but not yet invoiced, all as of december 31, 2020. we expect to realize approximately $370.0 million of the december 31, 2020 backlog balance as revenue during the next 12 months.

taser                 software and sensors          total
(in thousands)
balance, beginning of period                          $55,189               $1,026,192                    $1,081,381
add: additions to backlog, net of cancellations               373,119                       716,145               1,089,264
less: revenue recognized during period                      (366,552)                     (314,451)               (681,003)
balance end of period                                 $61,756               $1,427,886                    $1,489,642
our backlog of $1.5 billion as of december 31, 2020 has increased significantly from $1.1 billion as of december 31, 2019. the increase in taser segment backlog is not expected to have a material impact on revenue or operating margins. our significant increase in backlog, primarily in the software and sensors segment is indicative of expected revenue growth in this segment.
cost of product and service sales cost of product and services sales in dollars and as a percent of related segment sales (dollars in thousands):

year ended december 31,                                            dollar              percent
2020                              2019                             change              change taser segment:
cost of product sales                         $136,925              37.4    %   $107,188              38.1   %   $29,737             27.7      %
software and sensors segment:
cost of product sales                                 87,206        27.7    %           83,495        33.5   %         3,711    4.4            %
cost of service sales                                 40,541        12.9    %           32,891        13.2   %         7,650    23.3           %
total cost of sales                                  127,747        40.6    %          116,386        46.7   %         11,361   9.8            %
total cost of product and service sales       $264,672              38.9    %   $223,574              42.1   %   $41,098        18.4           %
within the taser segment, cost of product and service sales was $136.9 million, an increase of $29.7 million, or 27.7%, from 2019. cost as a percentage of sales decreased to 37.4% from 38.1%. the increase in cost of sales was primarily a result of increased sales, with improvement to the cost as a percentage of sales primarily a result of
32
increased leverage on manufacturing overhead expenses and higher expense in the prior year for taser 7 ramp-up and optimization costs related to scrap, obsolete inventory, and higher labor costs.
within the software and sensors segment, cost of product and service sales was $127.7 million, an increase of $11.4 million, or 9.8%, from 2019. as a percentage of net sales, cost of product and service sales decreased to 40.6% in 2020 from 46.7% in 2019. cost of product sales increased $3.7 million primarily driven by the impact of increased units, but decreased as a percentage of total segment net sales, reflecting higher average selling prices on axon cameras and docks, overall product mix, and relatively stable unit costs. cost of service sales increased $7.7 million driven primarily by a $3.9 million increase in third party cloud data cost, and an increase in professional services expense due to increased deployments in 2020.
gross margin gross margin (dollars in thousands):

year ended december 31,                      dollar               percent
2020                 2019                        change               change taser segment                        $229,627                $174,473             $55,154              31.6      %
software and sensors segment                186,704                 132,813              53,891        40.6      %
total gross margin                   $416,331                $307,286             $109,045        35.5           %
gross margin as % of net sales                 61.1   %      57.9             %
gross margin increased $109.0 million to $416.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to $307.3 million for 2019. as a percentage of net sales, gross margin increased to 61.1% for 2020 from 57.9% for 2019.
as a percentage of net sales, gross margin for the taser segment increased to 62.6% for the year ended december 31, 2020 from 61.9% for the year ended december 31, 2019.
within the software and sensors segment, gross margin as a percentage of total segment net sales was 59.4% and 53.3% for the years ended 2020 and 2019, respectively. within the software and sensors segment, product gross margin was 36.6% for the year ended december 31, 2020 and 29.8% for the same period in 2019, while the service margins were 77.1% and 74.8% during those same periods, respectively.
sales, general and administrative expenses sales, general and administrative ("sg&a") expenses (dollars in thousands):

year ended december 31,                     dollar                    percent
2020                 2019                       change                     change salaries, benefits and bonus                           $83,287                 $67,582             $15,705                23.2   %
stock-based compensation                                      103,860                 59,341              44,519          75.0
professional, consulting and lobbying                          45,541                 21,590              23,951         110.9
sales and marketing                                            32,464                 28,961               3,503          12.1
office and building                                             9,076                  6,650               2,426          36.5
travel and meals                                                5,630                 11,407             (5,777)        (50.6)
depreciation and amortization                                   6,079                  5,739                 340           5.9
other                                                          21,349                 11,689               9,660          82.6
total sales, general and administrative expenses       $307,286                $212,959            $94,327         44.3          %
sg&amp;a expenses as a percentage of net sales                   45.1   %               40.1   %
sg&a expenses increased $94.3 million, or 44.3%. stock-based compensation expense increased $44.5 million in comparison to the prior year comparable period, which was primarily attributable to an increase of $41.5
33
million in expense related to the ceo performance award and xspp. as of december 31, 2020, eleven operational goals for the ceo performance award and xspp are considered probable of attainment or have been attained; during the prior year comparable period, nine operational goals were considered probable. refer to note 13 of the notes to our consolidated financial statements within this annual report on form 10-k for additional discussion of the ceo performance award and xspp. stock-based compensation expense also increased over the prior year comparable period due to an increase in headcount.
professional, consulting and lobbying expenses increased $24.0 million, driven primarily by an increase of $19.1 million in expenses related to the ftc litigation. as discussed in note 10 of the notes to our consolidated financial statements within this annual report on form 10-k, on january 3, 2020, we sued the ftc in the district of arizona, and the ftc filed an enforcement action regarding our may 2018 acquisition of vievu llc. also contributing to the increase were higher expenses related to our enterprise resource planning system conversion.
salaries, benefits and bonus expense increased $15.7 million, primarily due to an increase in headcount. salaries, benefits and bonus expense decreased as a percentage of sales from 12.7% for 2019 to 12.2% for 2020.
sales and marketing expenses increased $3.5 million, driven by a $4.8 million increase in commissions tied to higher revenues. the increase was partially offset by savings driven by the cancellation of in-person events, including our annual axon accelerate user conference.
other sg&a expenses increased by $9.7 million, primarily driven by the following:
●   supplies expense increased $3.0 million, including a $2.4 million increase in computer licenses and maintenance supporting increased headcount, and a $0.7 million increase for ppe and other covid-19 related expenses.

●   charitable contributions increased $1.8 million, primarily reflecting our donations of ppe under our got you covered campaign.

●   insurance expense increased $1.4 million primarily as a result of increases in the cost of comparable policies.

●   recruiting expense increased $0.9 million as a result of increased hiring needs in 2020.

partially offsetting the noted increases was a $5.8 million decrease in travel expenses following the suspension of all non-essential travel in mid-march 2020 in response to the covid-19 pandemic.
research and development expenses research and development ("r&d") expenses (dollars in thousands):

year ended december 31,                    dollar                    percent
2020                2019                       change                     change salaries, benefits and bonus                        $71,488                $63,763             $7,725                 12.1   %
stock-based compensation                                   26,248                 17,588               8,660          49.2
professional and consulting                                10,503                  4,525               5,978         132.1
travel and meals                                              594                  2,247             (1,653)        (73.6)
other                                                      14,362                 12,598               1,764          14.0
total research and development expenses             $123,195               $100,721            $22,474         22.3          %
r&amp;d expenses as a percentage of net sales                18.1   %               19.0   %
the increase in r&d expense was primarily attributable to our software and sensors segment. within the taser segment, r&d expenses increased $0.9 million or 6.3%, reflecting increased consulting expense and supplies in the current year related to the development of next generation products. the increase was partially offset by lower compensation and benefits resulting from decreased headcount.
34
r&d expense for the software and sensors segment increased $21.6 million or 25.0% but remained relatively consistent at 34.3% of sales as compared to 34.6% in the prior year. of the increase, $9.1 million related to salaries, benefits, and bonus attributable to increased headcount.
stock-based compensation expense increased $8.7 million. contributing to the increase was expense of $3.8 million related to our xspp. as of december 31, 2020, eleven operational goals for the xspp are considered probable of attainment or have been attained; during the prior year comparable period, nine operational goals were considered probable.  stock-based compensation expense also increased over the prior year comparable period due to an increase in headcount.
professional and consulting expenses increased $6.0 million related to development of next generation products.
the increases were partially offset by a decrease of $1.7 million in travel and meals expense following the suspension of all non-essential travel in mid-march 2020 due to the covid-19 pandemic we expect r&d expense to continue to increase in absolute dollars as we focus on growing the software and sensors segment as we add headcount and additional resources to develop new products and services to further advance our scalable cloud-connected device platform. we believe that these investments will result in an increase in our subscription revenue base, which over time will result in revenue increasing faster than the increase in sg&a expenses as we reach economies of scale.
interest and other income, net interest and other income, net was $7.9 million and $8.5 million for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
for the year ended december 31, 2020, we earned interest income of $5.1 million, other income, net of $0.6 million, had losses from foreign currency transaction adjustments of $0.2 million, and interest expense of $0.1 million. additionally, we recorded a net gain of $2.1 million related to an observable price change for our investment in flock group, inc. and related warrants. the decrease in interest income was a result of decreased interest rates during the current period, partially offset by higher balances of cash, cash equivalents, and investments.
for the year ended december 31, 2019, we earned interest income of $8.7 million and had losses from foreign currency transaction adjustments of $0.3 million, other income, net of $0.1 million, and interest expense of less than $0.1 million.
provision for income taxes the provision for income taxes was a benefit of $4.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2020. the effective income tax rate for 2020 was 72.6%. the benefits related to excess stock-based compensation of $9.0 million, research and development credits of $10.2 million, and a deduction for foreign derived intangible income ("fdii") of $0.9 million were partially offset by the tax effects of permanently non-deductible expenses for executive compensation of $15.5 million, an increase in uncertain tax benefits of $1.0 million, other permanently non-deductible expenses of $0.8 million and state tax expense of $0.9 million. additionally, we recorded a $0.2 million increase to our valuation allowance as of december 31, 2020 related to research and development tax credits that may not be utilized prior to expiration, partially offset by changes in certain foreign jurisdictions.
the provision for income taxes was $1.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the effective income tax rate for 2019 was 57.4%. the benefits related to excess stock-based compensation of $5.0 million and research and development credits of $4.9 million were partially offset by the tax effects of permanently non-deductible expenses for executive compensation of $7.6 million, an increase in uncertain tax benefits of $1.2 million and other permanently non-deductible expenses of $1.1 million and state tax expense of $0.5 million. additionally, we recorded
35
a $0.4 million increase to our valuation allowance as of december 31, 2019 related to research and development tax credits that may not be utilized prior to expiration, partially offset by changes in certain foreign jurisdictions.
net income we recorded net loss of $1.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to net income of $0.9 million in 2019. net loss per basic and diluted share was $0.03 for 2020, compared to net income per basic and diluted share of $0.01 for 2019.
three months ended december 31, 2020 compared to september 30, 2020
net sales by product line were as follows (dollars in thousands):

three months ended                 three months ended                      dollar             percent december 31, 2020                  september 30, 2020                      change              change taser segment:
taser 7                                $58,890                 26.0   %   $21,702                13.0   %        $37,188         171.4     %
taser x26p                                     11,386           5.0               9,766           5.9              1,620          16.6
taser x2                                       14,706           6.5              14,494           8.7                212           1.5
taser pulse                                     3,033           1.4               2,981           1.8                 52           1.7
cartridges                                     38,461          17.0              26,335          15.8             12,126          46.0
axon evidence and cloud services                1,159           0.5       692                     0.4                467          67.5
extended warranties                             5,414           2.4               5,265           3.2                149           2.8
other                                           2,712           1.2               3,171           1.9              (459)        (14.5)
taser segment                                 135,761          60.0              84,406          50.7             51,355          60.8
software and sensors segment:
axon body                                      16,505           7.3              15,978           9.6                527           3.3
axon flex                              630                      0.3               1,589           1.0              (959)        (60.4)
axon fleet                                      7,020           3.1               4,215           2.5              2,805          66.5
axon dock                                       5,009           2.2               5,708           3.4              (699)        (12.2)
axon evidence and cloud services               50,302          22.2              45,450          27.3              4,852          10.7
extended warranties                             6,701           3.0               6,514           3.9                187           2.9
other                                           4,212           1.9               2,582           1.6              1,630          63.1
software and sensors segment                   90,379          40.0              82,036          49.3              8,343          10.2
total net sales                        $226,140               100.0   %   $166,442              100.0   %        $59,698          35.9     %
net unit sales were as follows:

three months ended unit             percent december 31, 2020            september 30, 2020         change              change taser 7                      41,099                        15,908         25,191         158.4   %
taser x26p                   10,611                         8,119          2,492          30.7   %
taser x2                      9,751                        10,078          (327)         (3.2)   %
taser pulse                  11,657                        12,811        (1,154)         (9.0)   %
cartridges                1,272,679                       852,980        419,699          49.2   %
axon body                    44,735                        62,873       (18,138)        (28.8)   %
axon flex     749                                           3,175        (2,426)        (76.4)   %
axon fleet                    3,905                         2,396          1,509          63.0   %
axon dock                     6,326                         9,165        (2,839)        (31.0)   %
net sales for the taser segment increased $51.4 million, or 60.8%, on a sequential basis primarily due to a $37.2 million increase in revenue from taser 7 devices and a $12.1 million increase in cartridge revenue. the
36
increase in taser 7 revenues was a result of both increased unit sales and a higher average selling price, driven by greater adoption of taser 7, especially internationally.
net sales for the software and sensors segment increased $8.3 million, or 10.2%, on a sequential basis primarily due to a $4.9 million increase in axon evidence and cloud services revenue and a $2.8 million increase in axon fleet revenue. the increase in axon evidence and cloud services revenue was a result of the increase in the aggregate number of users on our network. axon fleet revenue was driven primarily by increased unit sales, as well as an increase in the average selling price.
international sales were $59.5 million in for the three months ended december 31, 2020 as compared to $23.1 million for the three months ended september 30, 2020, an increase of $36.4 million, primarily driven by increased sales in europe.
non-gaap financial measures to supplement our financial results presented in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the u.s. ("gaap"), we present the non-gaap financial measures of ebitda and adjusted ebitda (ceo performance award). our management uses these non-gaap financial measures in evaluating our performance in comparison to prior periods. we believe that both management and investors benefit from referring to these non-gaap financial measures in assessing our performance, and when planning and forecasting our future periods. a reconciliation of gaap to the non-gaap financial measures is presented below.
●   ebitda (most comparable gaap measure: net income) - earnings before interest expense, investment interest income, taxes, depreciation and amortization.

●   adjusted ebitda (ceo performance award) (most comparable gaap measure: net income) - earnings before interest expense, investment interest income, taxes, depreciation, amortization and non-cash stock-based compensation expense.

although these non-gaap financial measures are not consistent with gaap, management believes investors will benefit by referring to these non-gaap financial measures when assessing our operating results, as well as when forecasting and analyzing future periods. however, management recognizes that:
●   these non-gaap financial measures are limited in their usefulness and should be considered only as a supplement to our gaap financial measures;

●   these non-gaap financial measures should not be considered in isolation from, or as a substitute for, our gaap financial measures;

●   these non-gaap financial measures should not be considered to be superior to our gaap financial measures; and

●   these non-gaap financial measures were not prepared in accordance with gaap and investors should not assume that the non-gaap financial measures presented in this annual report on form 10-k were prepared under a comprehensive set of rules or principles.

37
ebitda and adjusted ebitda (ceo performance award) reconcile to net income as follows (dollars in thousands):

for the years ended december 31, december 31,                    december 31,
2020                                    2019
net income (loss)                               $(1,724)                                $882
depreciation and amortization                             12,475                      11,361
interest expense                                55                                        46
investment interest income                               (4,086)                     (7,040)
provision for (benefit from) income taxes                (4,567)                       1,188
ebitda                                          $2,153                                $6,437
adjustments:
stock-based compensation expense                         133,572                      78,495
adjusted ebitda (ceo performance award)         $135,725                             $84,932
liquidity and capital resources summary as of december 31, 2020, we had $155.4 million of cash and cash equivalents, a decrease of $16.8 million from december 31, 2019. cash and cash equivalents and investments totaled $652.6 million, an increase of $256.4 million from december 31, 2019.
cash flows the following table summarizes our cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities (in thousands):

year ended december 31,
2020                                       2019
operating activities                                                $38,481                   $65,673
investing activities                                                       (356,526)                  (240,737)
financing activities                                                         299,265                    (3,937)
effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                   1,976          329
net decrease in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash       $(16,804)                 $(178,672)
operating activities net cash provided by operating activities in 2020 of $38.5 million consisted of $1.7 million in net loss, the net add-back of non-cash income statement items totaling $141.0 million and a $100.8 million net change in operating assets and liabilities. included in the non-cash items were $12.5 million in depreciation and amortization expense, $133.6 million in stock-based compensation expense, and a $16.5 million increase in deferred income tax assets. the most significant increase to the portion of cash provided by operating activities related to the changes in operating assets and liabilities was a $107.8 million increase in accounts and notes receivable and contract assets. the increase in accounts and notes receivable and contract assets was attributable to increased sales in 2020, primarily sales made under subscription plans. operating cash flows were also negatively impacted by increased inventory of $52.2 million, as we proactively built up a safety stock of inventory to help meet strong product demand while also preparing us to stagger factory work schedules, and increased prepaid expenses and other assets of $14.9 million resulting primarily from an increase in deferred commissions expense. operating cash flows were positively impacted by an increase in deferred revenue of $65.1 million. the increase in deferred revenue was primarily attributable to increased prepayments for software and sensors hardware and services, and a smaller increase in hardware deferred revenue from taser subscription sales.
38
investing activities we used $356.5 million for investing activities in 2020. purchases of investments, net of calls and maturities, were $276.7 million. we also invested $72.6 million in the purchase of property and equipment and intangibles, including $54.1 million for land on which we intend to construct our new manufacturing and office facility, and $7.1 million for equity investments in unconsolidated affiliates.
financing activities net cash used provided by financing activities was $299.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2020. during 2020, we completed an equity offering that generated net proceeds of $306.8 million. certain rsus that vested in the year ended december 31, 2020 were net-share settled, such that we withheld shares to cover the employees' tax obligation for the applicable income and other employment taxes, and remitted the cash, which totaled $7.8 million, to the appropriate taxing authorities.
liquidity and capital resources our most significant source of liquidity continues to be funds generated by operating activities and available cash and cash equivalents. in addition, our $50.0 million revolving credit facility is available for additional working capital needs or investment opportunities. under the terms of the line of credit, available borrowings are reduced by outstanding letters of credit. advances under the line of credit bear interest at libor plus 1.0 to 1.5% per year determined in accordance with a pricing grid based on our funded debt to earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization ("ebitda") ratio.
as of december 31, 2020, we had letters of credit outstanding of $6.1 million, leaving the net amount available for borrowing of $43.9 million. the facility matures on december 31, 2021 and has an accordion feature which allows for an increase in the total line of credit up to $100.0 million, subject to certain conditions, including the availability of additional bank commitments. there can be no assurance that we will continue to generate cash flows at or above current levels or that we will be able to maintain our ability to borrow under our revolving credit facility. at december 31, 2020 and 2019, there were no borrowings under the line.
our agreement with the bank requires us to comply with a maximum funded debt to ebitda ratio, as defined, of no greater than 2.50 to 1.00 based upon a trailing four fiscal quarter period. at december 31, 2020, the company's funded debt to ebitda ratio was 0.0000 to 1.00.
on january 29, 2021, we entered into an amendment to the credit agreement which extends the maturity date to december 31, 2023 and increases the amount of the unsecured revolving line of credit which is available for letters of credit from $10 million to $20 million.
taser subscription and installment purchase arrangements typically involve amounts invoiced in five equal installments at the beginning of each year of the five-year term. this is in contrast to a traditional ced sale in which the entire amount being charged for the hardware is invoiced upon shipment. this impacts liquidity in a commensurate fashion, with the cash for the subscription or installment purchase received in five annual installments rather than up front. it is our strategic intent to shift an increasing amount of our business to a subscription model, to better match the municipal budgeting process of our customers as well as to allow for multiple product offerings to be bundled into existing subscriptions. we carefully considered the cash flow impacts of this strategic shift and regularly revisit our cash flow forecast with the goal of maintaining a comfortable level of liquidity as we introduce commercial offerings in which we incur upfront cash costs to produce and fulfill hardware sales ahead of the cash inflows from our customers.
based on our strong balance sheet and the fact that we had no long-term debt or financing lease obligations at december 31, 2020, we believe financing will be available, both through our existing credit line and possible
39
additional financing. however, there is no assurance that such funding will be available on terms acceptable to us, or at all.
we believe that our sources of funding will be sufficient to satisfy our currently anticipated cash requirements including capital expenditures, working capital requirements, potential acquisitions or strategic investments and other liquidity requirements through at least the next 12 months. we and our board of directors may consider repurchases of our common stock. further repurchases of our common stock would take place on the open market, would be financed with available cash and are subject to authorization as well as market and business conditions.
contractual obligations the following table outlines our future contractual financial obligations by period in which payment is expected, as of december 31, 2020 (dollars in thousands):

less than                                                    more than total                1 year               1 - 3 years         3 - 5 years         5 years operating lease obligations         $26,409              $6,277               $12,069             $7,860              $203
purchase obligations                       209,258              192,826               4,169               5,003              7,260
total contractual obligations       $235,667             $199,103             $16,238             $12,863             $7,463
purchase obligations in the table above represent $169.3 million of open purchase orders and $40.0 million of other purchase obligations. the open purchase orders represent both cancelable and non-cancelable purchase orders with key vendors, which are included in this table due to our strategic relationships with these vendors.
we are subject to u.s. federal income tax as well as income taxes imposed by state and foreign jurisdictions. as of december 31, 2020, we had $7.7 million of gross unrecognized tax benefits related to uncertain tax positions. the settlement period for these long-term income tax liabilities cannot be determined; however, the liabilities are expected to increase by approximately $0.1 million within the next 12 months.
off-balance sheet arrangements the discussion of off-balance sheet arrangements in note 10 to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k is incorporated by reference herein.
critical accounting estimates we have identified the following accounting estimates as critical to our business operations and the understanding of our results of operations. the preparation of this annual report on form 10-k requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amount of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of our consolidated financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. while we do not believe that a change in these estimates is reasonably likely, there can be no assurance that our actual results will not differ from these estimates. the effect of these estimates on our business operations is discussed below.
product warranties we warranty our ceds, axon cameras and certain related accessories from manufacturing defects on a limited basis for a period of one year after purchase and, thereafter, will replace any defective unit for a fee. estimated costs for the standard warranty are charged to cost of products sold when revenue is recorded for the related product. future warranty costs are estimated based on historical data related to warranty claims on a quarterly basis and this rate is applied to current product sales. historically, reserve amounts have been increased if management becomes aware of a component failure or other issue that could result in larger than anticipated warranty claims from customers. the warranty reserve is reviewed quarterly to verify that it sufficiently reflects the remaining warranty obligations based
40
on the anticipated expenditures over the balance of the warranty obligation period, and adjustments are made when actual warranty claim experience differs from estimates. as of december 31, 2020 and 2019, our warranty reserve was approximately $0.8 million and $1.5 million, respectively. warranty expense for the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018 was $0.0 million, $1.6 million and $0.7 million, respectively. warranty expense for the year ended december 31, 2020, was impacted by lower than expected warranty claims for the axon body 3 on-officer body camera. warranty expense for the year ended december 31, 2019 was impacted by higher than initially expected warranty claims for the axon flex 2 on-officer body camera. warranty expense for the year ended december 31, 2018, was impacted by lower than expected warranty claims for the axon body 2 on-officer body camera.
revenue related to separately-priced extended warranties is initially recorded as deferred revenue at its allocated amount and subsequently recognized as net sales on a straight-line basis over the warranty service period. costs related to extended warranties are charged to cost of product and service sales when incurred.
inventory inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realizable value. cost is determined using the weighted average cost of raw materials, which approximates the first-in, first-out ("fifo") method and includes allocations of manufacturing labor and overhead. provisions are made to reduce potentially excess, obsolete or slow-moving inventories, as well as trial and evaluation inventories to their net realizable value. these provisions are based on management's best estimate after considering historical demand, projected future demand, inventory purchase commitments, industry and market trends and conditions among other factors. we evaluate inventory costs for abnormal costs due to excess production capacity and treat such costs as period costs.
during the year ended december 31, 2020, we recorded provisions to reduce inventories to their lower of cost and net realizable value of approximately $3.8 million compared to $1.3 million during the year ended december 31, 2019. the largest driver of the increase in the provision in 2020 compared to 2019 was a $2.2 million reduction in the carrying amount of our trial and evaluation inventory to zero which is our estimate of its net realizable value. the provision in 2020 and in 2019 was driven by analyses of projected sales data for existing products resulting in adjustments to state inventories at their lower of cost and net realizable value.
revenue recognition, deferred revenue and accounts and notes receivable we derive revenue from two primary sources: (1) the sale of physical products, including ceds, axon cameras, axon signal enabled devices, corresponding hardware extended warranties, and related accessories such as axon docks, cartridges and batteries, among others, and (2) subscriptions to our axon evidence digital evidence management saas (including data storage fees and other ancillary services), which includes varying levels of support. to a lesser extent, we also recognize training, professional services and revenue related to other software and saas services. we apply the five-step model outlined in accounting standards codification ("asc") topic 606, revenue from contracts with customers ("topic 606").
a performance obligation is a promise in a contract to transfer a distinct good or service to the customer, and is the unit of account in topic 606. for contracts with multiple performance obligations, we allocate the contract transaction price to each performance obligation using our estimate of the standalone selling price ("ssp") of each distinct good or service in the contract.
revenues are recognized upon transfer of control of promised products or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to receive in exchange for those products or services. we enter into contracts that can include various combinations of products and services, each of which is generally distinct and accounted for as a separate performance obligation. revenue is recognized net of allowances for returns.
performance obligations to deliver products, including ceds, cameras and related accessories such as cartridges, batteries and docks, are generally satisfied at the point in time we ship the product, as this is when the customer obtains control of the asset under our standard terms and conditions. in certain contracts with non-standard terms and
41
conditions, these performance obligations may not be satisfied until formal customer acceptance occurs. performance obligations to fulfill service-type extended warranties and provide our saas offerings, including axon evidence and other cloud services, are generally satisfied over time as the customer receives and consumes the benefits of these services over the stated service period.
many of our products and services are sold on a standalone basis. we also bundle our hardware products and services together and sell them to our customers in single transactions, where the customer can make payments over a multi-year period. for the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, the composition of revenue recognized from contracts containing multiple performance obligations and those not containing multiple performance obligations was as follows (dollars in thousands):

for the year ended december 31, 2020
taser                              software and sensors                 total contracts with multiple performance obligations          $186,427         50.9         %    $311,187        99.0            %    $497,614         73.1         %
contracts without multiple performance obligations              180,125        49.1                 3,264           1.0                 183,389        26.9
total                                                    $366,552              100.0   %    $314,451                100.0   %    $681,003              100.0   %

for the year ended december 31, 2019
taser                              software and sensors                 total contracts with multiple performance obligations          $130,761         46.4         %    $245,416        98.5            %    $376,177         70.9         %
contracts without multiple performance obligations              150,900        53.6                 3,783           1.5                 154,683        29.1
total                                                    $281,661              100.0   %    $249,199                100.0   %    $530,860              100.0   %

for the year ended december 31, 2018
taser                              software and sensors                 total contracts with multiple performance obligations          $72,355          28.6         %    $159,318        95.4            %    $231,673         55.2         %
contracts without multiple performance obligations              180,760        71.4                 7,635           4.6                 188,395        44.8
total                                                    $253,115              100.0   %    $166,953                100.0   %    $420,068              100.0   %
additionally, we offer customers the ability to purchase ced cartridges and certain services on an unlimited basis over the contractual term. due to the unlimited nature of these arrangements whereby we are obligated to deliver unlimited products at the customer's request, we account for these arrangements as stand-ready obligations, and recognize revenue ratably over the contract period. cost of product sales is recognized as the products are shipped to the customer.
we have elected to recognize shipping costs as an expense in cost of product sales when the control of hardware products or accessories have transferred to the customer.
sales tax collected on sales is netted against government remittances and thus, recorded on a net basis.
deferred revenue consists of payments received in advance related to products and services for which the criteria for revenue recognition have not yet been met. deferred revenue that will be recognized during the subsequent twelve month period from the balance sheet date is recorded as current deferred revenue and the remaining portion is recorded as long-term. generally, customers are billed in annual installments.
sales are typically made on credit, and we generally do not require collateral.
42
valuation of goodwill, intangible and long-lived assets we do not amortize goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite useful lives; rather, such assets are required to be tested for impairment at least annually, or sooner whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the assets may be impaired. we perform our annual impairment assessment in the fourth quarter of each year. finite-lived intangible assets and other long-lived assets are amortized over their estimated useful lives. management evaluates whether events and circumstances have occurred that indicate the remaining estimated useful life of long-lived assets and intangible assets may warrant revision or that the remaining balance of these assets, including intangible assets with indefinite lives, may not be recoverable.
circumstances that might indicate long-lived assets might not be recoverable could include, but are not limited to, a change in the product mix, a change in the way products and services are created, produced or delivered, or a significant change in the way our products are branded and marketed. when performing a review for recoverability, management estimates the future undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use of the assets and their eventual disposition. the amount of the impairment loss, if impairment exists, is calculated based on the excess of the carrying amounts of the assets over their estimated fair value computed using discounted cash flows. during the year ended december 31, 2020, we abandoned certain planning and site development activities related to our planned new headquarters, resulting in an impairment charge of $0.7 million. additionally, we recognized impairment charges totaling $0.5 million related to improvements and remodeling of certain of our offices. both charges were included in sales, general and administrative expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. during the year ended december 31, 2019, we abandoned certain capitalized software related to implementation work on an enterprise resource planning system conversion, resulting in an impairment charge of $1.3 million, and certain planning and site development activities related to our planned new headquarters, resulting in an impairment charge of $0.7 million, both of which were included in sales, general and administrative expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss). during the year ended december 31, 2018, we abandoned certain developed technology acquired in a business combination resulting in an impairment charge of $2.0 million.
income taxes we recognize federal, state and foreign current tax liabilities or assets based on our estimate of taxes payable or refundable in the current fiscal year by tax jurisdiction. we also recognize federal, state and foreign deferred tax assets or liabilities, as appropriate, for our estimate of future tax effects attributable to temporary differences and carry forwards.
we recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained based on the technical merits of the position. the tax benefits recognized in the consolidated financial statements from such positions are measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate resolution. we must also assess whether uncertain tax positions as filed could result in the recognition of a liability for possible interest and penalties if any. we have completed research and development tax credit studies for each year a tax credit was claimed for federal, arizona, and california income tax purposes. we determined that it was more likely than not that the full benefit of the research and development tax credit would not be sustained on examination and accordingly, have established a liability for unrecognized tax benefits of $7.7 million as of december 31, 2020. we expect the amount of the unrecognized tax benefit to increase by approximately $0.1 million within the next 12 months. should the unrecognized tax benefit of $7.7 million be recognized, our effective tax rate would be favorably impacted. our estimates are based on information available to us at the time we prepare the income tax provision. our income tax returns are subject to audit by federal, state, and local governments, generally years after the returns are filed. these returns could be subject to material adjustments or differing interpretations of the tax laws. during 2020, we completed an audit of our 2016 u.s. federal income tax return by the internal revenue service and began an audit of our 2016 and 2017 california income tax returns for which we are currently in the closing phase with the franchise tax board. additionally, we have been notified that an audit will commence for axon public safety southeast asia llc, our entity in vietnam. the tax period has not yet been defined.
43
our calculation of current and deferred tax assets and liabilities is based on certain estimates and judgments and involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax laws. our estimates of current and deferred tax assets and liabilities may change based, in part, on added certainty or finality to an anticipated outcome, changes in accounting or tax laws in the u.s. and internationally, or changes in other facts or circumstances. in addition, we recognize liabilities for potential tax contingencies based on our estimate of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes may be due. if we determine that payment of these amounts is unnecessary, or if the recorded tax liability is greater than our current assessment, we may be required to recognize an income tax benefit, or additional income tax expense, respectively, in our consolidated financial statements.
in preparing our consolidated financial statements, we assess the likelihood that our deferred tax assets will be realized from future taxable income. in evaluating our ability to recover our deferred income tax assets, we consider all available positive and negative evidence, including operating results, ongoing tax planning and forecasts of future taxable income on a jurisdiction by jurisdiction basis. a valuation allowance is established if we determine that it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the net deferred tax assets will not be realized. although we believe that our tax estimates are reasonable, the ultimate tax determination involves significant judgments that could become subject to audit by tax authorities in the ordinary course of business.
we anticipate sufficient future pre-tax book income to realize a large portion of our deferred tax assets. however, based on expected income for years in which arizona r&d tax credits are set to expire, and certain identified intangibles with an indefinite life, a reserve of $7.3 million has been recorded as a valuation allowance against deferred tax assets as of december 31, 2020.
stock-based compensation we have historically granted stock-based compensation to key employees and non-employee directors as a means of attracting and retaining highly qualified personnel. stock-based compensation awards primarily consist of service-based rsus, performance-based rsus, and performance-based stock options. our stock-based compensation awards are classified as equity and measured at the fair market value of the underlying stock at the grant date. for service-based awards, we recognize rsu expense using the straight-line attribution method over the requisite service period. vesting of performance-based rsus is contingent upon the achievement of certain performance criteria related to our operating performance, as well as successful and timely development and market acceptance of future product introductions. for performance-based rsus containing only performance conditions, compensation cost is recognized using the graded attribution model over the explicit or implicit service period. for awards containing multiple service, performance or market conditions, where all conditions must be satisfied prior to vesting, compensation expense is recognized over the requisite service period, which is defined as the longest explicit, implicit or derived service period, based on management's estimate of the probability and timing of the performance criteria being satisfied, adjusted at each balance sheet date. for both service-based and performance-based rsus, we account for forfeitures as they occur as a reduction to stock-based compensation expense and additional paid-in-capital.
for performance-based options, stock-based compensation expense is recognized over the expected performance achievement period of individual performance goals when the achievement of each individual performance goal becomes probable. for performance-based awards with a vesting schedule based entirely on the attainment of both performance and market conditions, stock-based compensation expense is recognized over the longer of the expected achievement period of the performance and market conditions, beginning at the point in time that the relevant performance condition is considered probable of achievement. the fair value of such awards is estimated on the grant date using monte carlo simulations. refer to note 13 of the notes to our consolidated financial statements within this annual report on form 10-k.
we have granted a total of approximately 15.0 million performance-based awards (options and restricted stock units) of which approximately 12.0 million are outstanding as of december 31, 2020, the vesting of which is contingent upon the achievement of certain performance criteria including the successful development and market acceptance of future product introductions as well as our future sales targets and operating performance and market capitalization. compensation expense for performance awards will be recognized based on management's best
44
estimate of the probability of the performance criteria being satisfied using the most currently available projections of future product adoption and operating performance, adjusted at each balance sheet date. changes in the subjective and probability-based assumptions can materially affect the estimates of the fair value of the awards and timing of recognition of stock-based compensation and consequently, the related amount recognized in our statements of operations and comprehensive income.
contingencies and accrued litigation expense we are subject to the possibility of various loss contingencies arising in the ordinary course of business, including product-related and other litigation. we consider the likelihood of loss or impairment of an asset or the incurrence of a liability, as well as our ability to reasonably estimate the amount of loss in determining loss contingencies. an estimated loss contingency is accrued when it is probable that an asset has been impaired or a liability has been incurred and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. we regularly evaluate current information available to us to determine whether such accruals should be adjusted and whether new accruals are required. refer to note 10 of our consolidated financial statements within this annual report on form 10-k.
reserve for expected credit losses we are exposed to the risk of credit losses primarily through sales of products and services. our expected credit loss allowance for accounts receivable, notes receivable, and contract assets represents management's best estimate and application of judgment considering a number of factors, including historical collection experience, published or estimated credit default rates for entities that represent our customer base, current and future economic and market conditions and a review of the current status of customers' trade accounts receivables. additionally, specific reserve amounts are established to record the appropriate provision for customers that have a higher probability of default. our monitoring activities include account reconciliation, dispute resolution, payment confirmation, consideration of customers' financial condition and macroeconomic conditions. balances are written off when determined to be uncollectible.
we review receivables for u.s. and international customers separately to better reflect different published credit default rates and economic and market conditions.
a majority of our customers are governmental agencies. due to municipal government funding rules, certain of our contracts are subject to appropriation, termination for convenience, or similar cancellation clauses, which could allow our customers to cancel or not exercise options to renew contracts in the future. economic slowdowns that negatively affect municipal tax collections and put pressure on law enforcement may increase this risk and negatively impact the realizability of our accounts and notes receivable and contract assets. we considered the current and expected future economic and market conditions surrounding the covid-19 pandemic and increased our reserve for expected credit losses by approximately $0.9 million during the year ended december 31, 2020.
based on the balances of our financial instruments as of december 31, 2020, a hypothetical 25 percent increase in expected credit loss rates across all pools would result in a $0.7 million increase in the allowance for expected credit losses.
