item 1a. risk factors our business is subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties. the risks and uncertainties described below could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results, cash flows and stock price. the following information should be read in conjunction with the other information contained in this report and other filings that we make with the sec. these risks and uncertainties are not the only ones we face. our business could also be affected by additional factors that are presently unknown to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial to our business.
the ongoing outbreak of covid-19 has been declared a pandemic by the world health organization, continues to spread within the united states and many other parts of the world and may have a material adverse effect on our business operations, financial condition, liquidity and cash flow.
as the outbreak of covid-19 continues to grow both in the u.s. and globally, there has been significant volatility in financial market indices and the adoption of emergency legislation aimed to address the negative impacts of the pandemic. while sales were initially negatively impacted and we have incurred significant expenses, following the u.s. federal government stimulus, our sales rebounded, reaching record levels. we are unable to accurately predict the impact that covid-19 will have on our business and financial condition due to numerous uncertainties, including the severity of the disease, the duration of the outbreak, the likelihood of a resurgence of the outbreak, actions that may be taken by governmental authorities in response to the disease and unintended consequences of the foregoing. in particular, it is unclear what near-term and long-term impact these factors will have on the number of vehicle miles driven, traffic to our stores, as well as demand for our products from our retail and commercial customers. continued business disruption caused by covid-19 may require significant actions to mitigate the impact, including but not limited to employee furloughs, reductions in store hours and store closings as well as ongoing increases in expenses. further, the continuing pandemic and related economic uncertainty may result in prolonged disruption to our business, additional negative impacts of which we are not currently aware and may also magnify other risks associated with our business and operations, including risks associated with sourcing quality merchandise domestically and outside the u.s.; our ability to promptly adjust inventory levels to meet fluctuations in customer demand; our ability to comply with complex and evolving laws and regulations related to customers' and autozoners' health and safety; our ability to open new store locations and expand or remodel existing stores; and our ability to hire and train qualified employees to address temporary or sustained labor shortages. accordingly, the covid-19 pandemic could have a material adverse effect on demand for our products, workforce availability and our results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and cash flows.
if demand for our products slows, then our business may be materially adversely affected.
demand for the products we sell may be affected by a number of factors we cannot control, including:
•   the number of older vehicles in service. vehicles seven years old or older are generally no longer under the original vehicle manufacturers' warranties and tend to need more maintenance and repair than newer vehicles.
•   rising energy prices. increases in energy prices may cause our customers to defer purchases of certain of our products as they use a higher percentage of their income to pay for gasoline and other energy costs and may drive their vehicles less, resulting in less wear and tear and lower demand for repairs and maintenance.

13
‌
•   the economy. in periods of declining economic conditions, consumers may reduce their discretionary spending by deferring vehicle maintenance or repair. additionally, such conditions may affect our customers' ability to obtain credit. during periods of expansionary economic conditions, more of our diy customers may pay others to repair and maintain their vehicles instead of working on their own vehicles, or they may purchase new vehicles.

•   the weather. milder weather conditions may lower the failure rates of automotive parts, while extended periods of rain and winter precipitation may cause our customers to defer maintenance and repair on their vehicles. extremely hot or cold conditions may enhance demand for our products due to increased failure rates of our customers' automotive parts.

•   technological advances. advances in automotive technology, such as electric vehicles, and parts design can result in cars needing maintenance less frequently and parts lasting longer.

•   the number of miles vehicles are driven annually. higher vehicle mileage increases the need for maintenance and repair. mileage levels may be affected by gas prices, ride sharing and other factors.

•   the quality of the vehicles manufactured by the original vehicle manufacturers and the length of the warranties or maintenance offered on new vehicles.

•   restrictions on access to telematics and diagnostic tools and repair information imposed by the original vehicle manufacturers or by governmental regulation. these restrictions may cause vehicle owners to rely on dealers to perform maintenance and repairs.

these factors could result in a decline in the demand for our products, which could adversely affect our business and overall financial condition.
if we are unable to compete successfully against other businesses that sell the products that we sell, we could lose customers and our sales and profits may decline.
the sale of automotive parts, accessories and maintenance items is highly competitive, and sales volumes are dependent on many factors, including name recognition, product availability, customer service, store location and price. competitors are opening locations near our existing locations. autozone competes as a provider in both the diy and difm auto parts and accessories markets.
our competitors include national, regional and local auto parts chains, independently owned parts stores, online automotive parts stores or marketplaces, wholesale distributors, jobbers, repair shops, car washes and auto dealers, in addition to discount and mass merchandise stores, hardware stores, supermarkets, drugstores, convenience stores, home stores, and other retailers that sell aftermarket vehicle parts and supplies, chemicals, accessories, tools and maintenance parts. although we believe we compete effectively on the basis of customer service, including the knowledge and expertise of our autozoners; merchandise quality, selection and availability; product warranty; store layout, location and convenience; price; and the strength of our autozone brand name, trademarks and service marks, some of our competitors may gain competitive advantages, such as greater financial and marketing resources allowing them to sell automotive products at lower prices, larger stores with more merchandise, longer operating histories, more frequent customer visits and more effective advertising. online and multi-channel retailers often focus on delivery services, offering customers faster, guaranteed delivery times and low-price or free shipping. some online businesses have lower operating costs than we do. in addition, because our business strategy is based on offering superior levels of customer service to complement the products we offer, our cost structure is higher than some of our competitors, which also puts pressure on our margins.
consumers are embracing shopping online and through mobile commerce applications. with the increasing use of digital tools and social media, and our competitors' increased focus on optimizing customers' online experience, our customers are quickly able to compare prices, product assortment and feedback from other customers before purchasing our products either online, in the physical stores or through a combination of both offerings.
14
‌
we believe that we compete effectively on the basis of merchandise availability as a result of investments in inventory available for immediate sale, the development of a robust hub and mega hub distribution network providing efficient access to obtain products required on-demand, options to order products online or by telephone and pick them up in stores and options for special orders directly from our vendors. we also offer hassle-free returns to our customers. in addition, we believe that customers value the personal interaction with a salesperson that is qualified to offer trustworthy advice and provide other free services such as parts testing.
we also utilize promotions, advertising and our loyalty programs to drive customer traffic and compete more effectively, and we must regularly assess and adjust our efforts to address changes in the competitive marketplace. if we are unable to continue to manage readily-available inventory demand and competitive delivery options as well as develop successful competitive strategies, including the maintenance of effective promotions, advertising and loyalty programs, or if our competitors develop more effective strategies, we could lose customers and our sales and profits may decline.
we may not be able to sustain our historic rate of sales growth.
we have increased our store count in the past five fiscal years, growing from 5,609 stores at august 29, 2015, to 6,549 stores at august 29, 2020, an average store increase per year of three percent. additionally, we have increased annual revenues in the past five fiscal years from $10.187 billion in fiscal 2015 to $12.632 billion in fiscal 2020, an average increase per year of five percent. annual revenue growth is driven by the opening of new stores, the development of new commercial programs and increases in same store sales. we open new stores only after evaluating customer buying trends and market demand/needs, all of which could be adversely affected by persistent unemployment, wage cuts, small business failures and microeconomic conditions unique to the automotive industry. same store sales are impacted both by customer demand levels and by the prices we are able to charge for our products, which can also be negatively impacted by economic pressures. we cannot provide any assurance that we will continue to open stores at historical rates or continue to achieve increases in same store sales.
consolidation among our competitors may negatively impact our business.
historically some of our competitors have merged. consolidation among our competitors could enhance their market share and financial position, provide them with the ability to achieve better purchasing terms and provide more competitive prices to customers for whom we compete, and allow them to utilize merger synergies and cost savings to increase advertising and marketing budgets to more effectively compete for customers. consolidation by our competitors could also increase their access to local market parts assortment.
these consolidated competitors could take sales volume away from us in certain markets, could achieve greater market penetration, could cause us to change our pricing with a negative impact on our margins or could cause us to spend more money to maintain customers or seek new customers, all of which could negatively impact our business.
if we cannot profitably increase our market share in the commercial auto parts business, our sales growth may be limited.
although we are one of the largest sellers of auto parts in the commercial market, we must effectively compete against national and regional auto parts chains, independently owned parts stores, wholesalers and jobbers in order to increase our commercial market share. although we believe we compete effectively in the commercial market on the basis of customer service, merchandise quality, selection and availability, price, product warranty, distribution locations and the strength of our autozone brand name, trademarks and service marks, some automotive aftermarket participants have been in business for substantially longer periods of time than we have, and as a result have developed long-term customer relationships and have large available inventories. if we are unable to profitably develop new commercial customers, our sales growth may be limited.
15
‌
our business depends upon hiring, training and retaining qualified employees.
we believe that much of our brand value lies in the quality of the approximately 100,000 autozoners employed in our stores, distribution centers, store support centers and alldata. our workforce costs represent our largest operating expense, and our business is subject to employment laws and regulations, including requirements related to minimum wage, benefits and scheduling requirements. in addition, the implementation of potential regulatory changes relating to overtime exemptions and benefits for certain employees under federal and state laws could result in increased labor costs to our business and negatively impact our operating results. we cannot be assured that we can continue to hire, train and retain qualified employees at current wage rates since we operate in a competitive labor market, and there is a risk of market increases in compensation.
if we are unable to hire, properly train and retain qualified employees, we could experience higher employment costs, reduced sales, regulatory noncompliance, losses of customers and diminution of our brand or company culture, which could adversely affect our earnings. if we do not maintain competitive wages or benefit packages, our customer service could suffer due to a declining quality of our workforce or, alternatively, our earnings could decrease if we increase our wage rates. a violation or change in employment and labor laws (including changes in existing employment benefit programs such as health insurance) could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
inability to acquire and provide quality merchandise at competitive prices could adversely affect our sales and results of operations.
we are dependent upon our domestic and international vendors continuing to supply us with quality merchandise at competitive prices and payment terms. if our merchandise offerings do not meet our customers' expectations regarding quality and safety, we could experience lost sales, increased costs and exposure to legal and reputational risk. all of our vendors must comply with applicable product safety laws, and we are dependent on them to ensure that the products we buy comply with all safety and quality standards. events that give rise to actual, potential or perceived product safety concerns could expose us to government enforcement action or private litigation and result in costly product recalls and other liabilities. to the extent our suppliers are subject to added government regulation of their product design and/or manufacturing processes, the cost of the merchandise we purchase may rise. in addition, negative customer perceptions regarding the safety or quality of the products we sell could cause our customers to seek alternative sources for their needs, resulting in lost sales. in those circumstances, it may be difficult and costly for us to rebuild our reputation and regain the confidence of our customers. moreover, our vendors are impacted by global economic conditions. credit market and other macroeconomic conditions, including disruption to the global supply chain, could have a material adverse effect on the ability of our suppliers to finance and operate their businesses, resulting in increased product costs and difficulties in meeting our inventory demands. if we experience transitions or changeover with any of our significant vendors, or if they experience financial difficulties or otherwise are unable to deliver merchandise to us on a timely basis, or at all, we could have product shortages in our stores that could adversely affect customers' perceptions of us and cause us to lose customers and sales.
16
‌
risks associated with products sourced outside the u.s.
we directly imported approximately 13% of our purchases in fiscal 2020, but many of our domestic vendors directly import their products or components of their products. changes to the price or flow of these goods for any reason, such as civil unrest or acts of war, currency fluctuations, disruptions in maritime lanes, port labor disputes and economic conditions and instability in the countries in which foreign suppliers are located, the financial instability of suppliers, failure to meet our standards, issues with labor practices of our suppliers or labor problems they may experience (such as strikes, stoppages or slowdowns, which could also increase labor costs during and following the disruption), the availability and cost of raw materials to suppliers, increased import duties or tariffs, merchandise quality or safety issues, transport availability and cost, increases in wage rates and taxes, transport security, inflation and other factors relating to the suppliers and the countries in which they are located or from which they import, often are beyond our control and could adversely affect our operations and profitability. in addition, the foreign trade policies, tariffs and other impositions on imported goods, trade sanctions imposed on certain countries, import limitations on certain types of goods or of goods containing certain materials from other countries and other factors relating to foreign trade and port labor agreements are beyond our control. these and other factors, such as the covid-19 pandemic, affecting our suppliers and our access to products could adversely affect our business and financial performance. as we or our domestic vendors increase our imports of merchandise from foreign vendors, the risks associated with these imports will also increase.
our ability to grow depends in part on new location openings, existing location remodels and expansions and effective utilization of our existing supply chain and hub network.
our continued growth and success will depend in part on our ability to open and operate new locations and expand and remodel existing locations to meet customers' needs on a timely and profitable basis. accomplishing our new and existing location expansion goals will depend upon a number of factors, including the ability to partner with developers and landlords to obtain suitable sites for new and expanded locations at acceptable costs, the hiring and training of qualified personnel and the integration of new locations into existing operations. there can be no assurance we will be able to achieve our location expansion goals, manage our growth effectively, successfully integrate the planned new locations into our operations or operate our new, remodeled and expanded locations profitably.
in addition, we extensively utilize our hub network, our supply chain and logistics management techniques to efficiently stock our locations. we have made, and plan to continue to make, significant investments in our supply chain to improve our ability to provide the best parts at the right price and to meet consumer product needs. if we fail to effectively utilize our existing hubs and/or supply chains or if our investments in our supply chain initiatives, including directly sourcing some products from outside the u.s., do not provide the anticipated benefits, we could experience sub-optimal inventory levels in our locations or increases in our operating costs, which could adversely affect our sales volume and/or our margins.
our failure to protect our reputation could have a material adverse effect on our brand name and profitability.
we believe our continued strong sales growth is driven in significant part by our brand name. the value in our brand name and its continued effectiveness in driving our sales growth are dependent to a significant degree on our ability to maintain our reputation for safety, high product quality, friendliness, service, trustworthy advice, integrity and business ethics. any negative publicity about these areas could damage our reputation and may result in reduced demand for our merchandise. the increasing use of technology also poses a risk as customers are able to quickly compare products and prices and use social media to provide feedback in a manner that is rapidly and broadly dispersed. our reputation could be impacted if customers have a bad experience and share it over social media.
17
‌
failure to comply with ethical, social, product, labor, environmental and anti-corruption standards could also jeopardize our reputation and potentially lead to various adverse actions by consumer or environmental groups, employees or regulatory bodies. failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to maintain an effective system of internal controls or to provide accurate and timely financial statement information could also hurt our reputation. if we fail to comply with existing or future laws or regulations, we may be subject to governmental or judicial fines or sanctions, while incurring substantial legal fees and costs. in addition, our capital and operating expenses could increase due to implementation of and compliance with existing and future laws and regulations or remediation measures that may be required if we are found to be noncompliant with any existing or future laws or regulations. the inability to pass through any increased expenses through higher prices would have an adverse effect on our results of operations.
damage to our reputation or loss of consumer confidence for any of these or other reasons could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition, as well as require additional resources to rebuild our reputation.
our success in international operations is dependent on our ability to manage the unique challenges presented by international markets.
the various risks we face in our u.s. operations generally also exist when conducting operations in and sourcing products and materials from outside of the u.s., in addition to the unique costs, risks and difficulties of managing international operations. our expansion into international markets may be adversely affected by local laws and customs, u.s. laws applicable to foreign operations, and political and socio-economic conditions.
risks inherent in international operations also include potential adverse tax consequences, potential changes to trade policies and trade agreements, compliance with the foreign corrupt practices act and local anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws, greater difficulty in enforcing intellectual property rights, challenges to identify and gain access to local suppliers, and possibly misjudging the response of consumers in foreign countries to our product assortment and marketing strategy.
in addition, our operations in international markets are conducted primarily in the local currency of those countries. since our consolidated financial statements are denominated in u.s. dollars, amounts of assets, liabilities, net sales, and other revenues and expenses denominated in local currencies must be translated into u.s. dollars using exchange rates for the current period. as a result, foreign currency exchange rates and fluctuations in those rates may adversely impact our financial performance.
18
‌
failure to protect or effectively respond to a breach of the privacy and security of customers', suppliers', autozoners' or company information could damage our reputation, subject us to litigation, and cause us to incur substantial costs.
our business, like that of most retailers and distributors, involves the receipt, storage and transmission of personal information about our customers, suppliers and autozoners, some of which is entrusted to third-party service providers and vendors. failure to protect the security of our customers', suppliers', employees' and company information could subject us to costly regulatory enforcement actions, expose us to litigation and impair our reputation, which may have a negative impact on our sales. we consider information security to be a top priority and undertake cyber-security planning and activities throughout the company. senior management and the board of directors are actively engaged in cyber-security risk management. while we and our third-party service providers and vendors take significant steps to protect customer, supplier, employee and other confidential information, including maintaining compliance with payment card industry standards and a security program that includes updating technology and security policies, employee training and monitoring and routine testing of our systems, these security measures may be breached in the future due to cyber-attack, employee error, system compromises, fraud, trickery, hacking or other intentional or unintentional acts, and unauthorized parties may obtain access to this data. we believe that our preventative actions provide adequate measures of protection against security breaches and generally reduce our cyber-security risks. however, our business or our third party providers, with which we share sensitive information, may not discover a security breach or loss of information for a significant period after the security breach occurs. failure to effectively respond to system compromises may undermine our security measures. the methods used to obtain unauthorized access are constantly evolving and may be difficult to anticipate or detect for long periods of time. to date, we have not experienced a material breach of cyber-security; however, our computer systems have been, and will likely continue to be, subjected to unauthorized access or phishing attempts, computer viruses, malware, ransomware or other malicious codes. as the regulatory environment related to information security, data collection and use, and privacy becomes increasingly rigorous, compliance with these requirements could also result in significant additional costs. there can be no assurance that our security measures will prevent or limit the impact of a future incident. the cost to remediate damages to our systems suffered as a result of a cyber-attack could be significant.
we accept payments using a variety of methods, including cash, checks, credit, debit, electronic payments (such as paypal, apple pay, etc.) and gift cards, and we may offer new payment options over time, which may have information security risk implications. as a retailer accepting debit and credit cards for payment, we are subject to various industry data protection standards and protocols, such as the american national standards institute encryption standards and payment network security operating guidelines and payment card industry data security standard. even though we comply with these standards and protocols and other information security measures, we cannot be certain that the security measures we maintain to protect all of our information technology systems are able to prevent, contain or detect any cyber-attacks, cyber terrorism, or security breaches from known cyber-attacks or malware that may be developed in the future. we maintain insurance coverage that may protect us from certain cyber-attack claims; however, our insurance coverage may not be sufficient to cover significant losses in any particular situation.
to the extent that any cyber-attack or intrusion in our or one of our third-party service provider's information systems results in the loss, damage or misappropriation of information, we may be materially adversely affected by claims from customers, financial institutions, regulatory authorities, payment card networks and others. in certain circumstances, payment card association rules and obligations to which we are subject under our contracts with payment card processors make us liable to payment card issuers if information in connection with payment cards and payment card transactions that we hold is compromised, which liabilities could be substantial. in addition, the cost of complying with stricter and more complex data privacy, data collection and information security laws and standards could be significant to us.
we have invested in information-technology risk management and disaster recovery plans. although these plans are in place, we must provide ongoing monitoring and consistently revise our plans as technologies change rapidly and our efforts to overcome security risks continue to become increasingly more complex and concentrated.
19
‌
we rely heavily on our information technology systems for our key business processes. any failure or interruption in these systems could have a material adverse impact on our business.
we rely extensively on our information technology systems, some of which are managed or provided by third-party service providers, to manage inventory, communicate with customers, process transactions and summarize results. our systems and the third-party systems we rely on are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, facility damage, physical theft, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, security breaches, malicious cyber-attacks, catastrophic events, and design or usage errors by our autozoners, contractors or third-party service providers. although we and our third-party service providers work diligently to maintain our respective systems, we may not be successful in doing so.
if our systems are damaged or fail to function properly, we may incur substantial costs to repair or replace them, and may experience loss of critical data and interruptions or delays in our ability to manage inventories or process transactions, which could result in lost sales, inability to process purchase orders and/or a potential loss of customer loyalty, which could adversely affect our results of operations.
we are in the process of developing and implementing various information systems, as well as modifying existing systems. these technological changes will require significant investment of human and financial resources, and we may experience significant delays, costs increases and other obstacles with these projects. although we have invested significant resources during our planning, project management and training, implementation issues may arise which may disrupt our operations and negatively impact our business operations, financial condition and cash flows.
business interruptions may negatively impact our location hours, operability of our computer and other systems, availability of merchandise and otherwise have a material negative effect on our sales and our business.
war or acts of terrorism, political or civil unrest, unusual weather conditions, hurricanes, tornadoes, windstorms, fires, earthquakes, floods, global health epidemics (such as covid-19) and other natural or other disasters or the threat of any of them, may result in certain of our locations being closed for a period of time or permanently or have a negative impact on our ability to obtain merchandise available for sale in our locations. some of our merchandise is imported from other countries. if imported goods become difficult or impossible to bring into the u.s., and if we cannot obtain such merchandise from other sources at similar costs, our sales and profit margins may be negatively affected.
in the event that commercial transportation is curtailed or substantially delayed, our business may be adversely impacted, as we may have difficulty transporting merchandise to our distribution centers and locations resulting in lost sales and/or a potential loss of customer loyalty. transportation issues could also cause us to cancel purchase orders if we are unable to receive merchandise in our distribution centers.
we are self-insured for certain costs associated with our operations and an increase in our insurance claims and expenses may have a material negative impact on us.
we are self-insured up to certain limits for workers' compensation, employee group medical, general liability, product liability, property and automobile. the types and amounts of insurance may vary from time to time based on our decisions with respect to risk retention and regulatory requirements. our reserves are established using historical trends and where appropriate, using a third party actuary, to estimate costs to settle reported claims and claims incurred but not yet reported. estimated costs are subject to a variety of assumptions and other factors including the severity, duration and frequency of claims, legal costs associated with claims, healthcare trends and projected inflation of related factors. material increases in the number of insurance claims, changes to healthcare costs, accident frequency and severity, legal expenses and other factors could result in unfavorable difference between actual self-insurance costs and our reserve estimates. as a result, our self-insurance costs could increase which may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
20
‌
general risk factors a downgrade in our credit ratings or a general disruption in the credit markets could make it more difficult for us to access funds, refinance our debt, obtain new funding or issue debt securities.
our short-term and long-term debt is rated investment grade by the major rating agencies. these investment-grade credit ratings have historically allowed us to take advantage of lower interest rates and other favorable terms on our short-term credit lines, in our senior debt offerings and in the commercial paper markets. to maintain our investment-grade ratings, we are required to meet certain financial performance ratios. a change by the rating agencies in these ratios, an increase in our debt, and/or a decline in our earnings could result in downgrades in our credit ratings. a downgrade in our credit ratings could limit our access to public debt markets, limit the institutions willing to provide credit facilities to us, result in more restrictive financial and other covenants in our public and private debt and would likely significantly increase our overall borrowing costs and adversely affect our earnings.
moreover, significant deterioration in the financial condition of large financial institutions during the great recession resulted in a severe loss of liquidity and availability of credit in global credit markets and in more stringent borrowing terms. we can provide no assurance that such similar events that occurred during the great recession will not occur again in the foreseeable future. conditions and events in the global credit markets could have a material adverse effect on our access to short-term and long-term debt and the terms and cost of that debt.
our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows may be adversely affected by the adoption of new laws, changes to existing laws, increased enforcement activity or other governmental actions.
we are subject to numerous federal, state and local laws and regulations, many of which are complex, frequently revised and subject to varying interpretations. these include laws governing employment and labor, wage and hour, environmental matters, proper handling and disposal of hazardous materials and waste, healthcare, data privacy, cybersecurity, the pricing and sale of goods, import and export compliance and transportation and logistics, among others. these laws may differ substantially in the areas where we operate. although we have implemented policies and procedures to help ensure compliance with these laws, there can be no certainty that our employees and third parties with whom we do business will not take actions in violation of our policies or applicable laws. if we fail to comply with these laws, rules and regulations, or the manner in which they are interpreted or applied, we may be subject to governmental enforcement action or private litigation resulting in monetary penalties, reputational harm and increased costs of regulatory compliance. any changes in regulations, the imposition of additional regulations, or the enactment of any new legislation could have an adverse impact, directly or indirectly, on our financial condition and results of operations. we may also be subject to investigations or audits by governmental authorities and regulatory agencies as a result of enforcing existing laws and regulations or changes in enforcement priorities, which can occur in the ordinary course of business or may result from increased scrutiny from a particular agency or toward a particular industry.
our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be affected by litigation.
we are involved in lawsuits, regulatory investigations, governmental and other legal proceedings, arising out of the ordinary course of business. such matters involve significant expense and divert management's attention and resources from other matters. the damages sought against us in these proceedings may be material and may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
21
‌
significant changes in macroeconomic and geo-political factors could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
macroeconomic conditions impact both our customers and our suppliers. job growth in the u.s. was stagnated and unemployment was at historically high levels during the great recession. while in recent years, the unemployment rate has improved to below pre-recession levels, unemployment has again reached historically high levels due to covid-19. moreover, the u.s. government continues to operate under historically large deficits and debt burden. continued distress in global credit markets, business failures, inflation, foreign exchange rate fluctuations, significant geo-political conflicts, proposed or additional tariffs, continued volatility in energy prices, the impact of a public health crisis or pandemic (such as covid-19) and other factors continue to affect the global economy. moreover, rising energy prices could impact our merchandise distribution, commercial delivery, utility and product costs. it is unclear how such factors could impact our business in the short term. over a longer period of time, these macroeconomic and geo-political conditions could adversely affect our sales growth, margins and overhead. these could adversely affect our financial condition and operations.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations we are the leading retailer, and a leading distributor, of automotive replacement parts and accessories in the americas. we began operations in 1979 and at august 29, 2020, operated 5,885 stores in the u.s., 621 stores in mexico and 43 stores in brazil. each store carries an extensive product line for cars, sport utility vehicles, vans and light trucks, including new and remanufactured automotive hard parts, maintenance items, accessories and non-automotive products. at august 29, 2020, in 5,007 of our domestic stores, we also had a commercial sales program that provides commercial credit and prompt delivery of parts and other products to local, regional and national repair garages, dealers, service stations and public sector accounts. we also have commercial programs in all stores in mexico and brazil. we also sell the alldata brand automotive diagnostic and repair software through www.alldata.com and www.alldatadiy.com. additionally, we sell automotive hard parts, maintenance items, accessories and non-automotive products through www.autozone.com, and our commercial customers can make purchases through www.autozonepro.com. we also provide product information on our duralast branded products through www.duralastparts.com. we do not derive revenue from automotive repair or installation services.
covid-19 impact the outbreak of a novel strain of the coronavirus ("covid-19"), which was declared a global pandemic on march 11, 2020 by the world health organization, has led to adverse impacts on the national and global economy. we have been able to keep our stores open and operating in the u.s. initially, we reduced the hours of operation in most stores, but subsequently have returned to more normal operating hours. we have also taken numerous measures to ensure the health, safety and well-being of our customers and employees. we provided new emergency time-off benefit enhancements for both full-time and part-time eligible hourly employees in the u.s. we invested in supplies for the protection of our employees and customers, increased the frequency of cleaning and disinfecting, and introduced new service options for customers, such as curbside pickup, among other things. these expanded benefits, supply costs and other covid-19 related costs resulted in approximately $83.9 million of expense included in operating, selling, general and administrative expenses in the condensed consolidated statements of income for the year ended august 29, 2020.
in march 2020, we issued $1.250 billion in senior notes and closed on a new 364-day senior unsecured revolving credit facility to strengthen our financial position and our ability to be responsive during this ever-changing environment. we have also experienced challenges in recruiting and hiring employees in certain of our retail stores and distribution centers.
while sales were initially negatively impacted, they have since increased to record levels. however, we are unable to accurately predict the impact that covid-19 will have due to numerous uncertainties, including the severity of the disease, the duration of the outbreak, actions that may be taken by governmental authorities intended to minimize the spread of the pandemic or to stimulate the economy or other unintended consequences. accordingly, continued business disruption related to the covid-19 outbreak may continue to cause significant fluctuations in our business, unusually impacting demand for our products, our store hours and our workforce availability and magnify risks associated with sourcing quality merchandise domestically and outside the u.s. at competitive prices, some of which would adversely impact our business and results of operations. further, a resurgence of the outbreak or other unforeseen developments may impede our ability to complete construction and open new stores at our desired pace.
our business is impacted by various factors within the economy that affect both our consumer and our industry, including but not limited to fuel costs, wage rates and other economic conditions, including for fiscal 2020, covid-19. given the nature of these macroeconomic factors, we cannot predict whether or for how long certain trends will continue, nor can we predict to what degree these trends will impact us in the future.
28
‌
executive summary for fiscal 2020, we achieved record net income of $1.733 billion, a 7.2% increase over the prior year, and sales growth of $768.2 million, a 6.5% increase over the prior year. domestic commercial sales increased 6.4%, which represents 21.6% of our total sales. fiscal 2020 consisted of 52 weeks whereas fiscal 2019 consisted of 53 weeks. both our retail sales and commercial sales grew this past year as we continue to make progress on our initiatives that are aimed at improving our ability to say "yes" to our customers more frequently, drive traffic to our stores and accelerate our commercial growth.
our business is impacted by various factors within the economy that affect both our consumer and our industry, including but not limited to fuel costs, wage rates and other economic conditions, including for fiscal 2020, the effects of, and responses to, covid-19. given the nature of these macroeconomic factors, we cannot predict whether or for how long certain trends will continue, nor can we predict to what degree these trends will impact us in the future.
one macroeconomic factor affecting our customers and our industry during fiscal 2020 was gas prices. during fiscal 2020, the average price per gallon of unleaded gasoline in the u.s. was $2.32 per gallon, compared to $2.63 per gallon during fiscal 2019. we believe fluctuations in gas prices impact our customers' level of disposable income. with approximately 12 billion gallons of unleaded gas consumption each month across the u.s., each $1 decrease at the pump contributes approximately $12 billion of additional spending capacity to consumers each month. given the unpredictability of gas prices, we cannot predict whether gas prices will increase or decrease, nor can we predict how any future changes in gas prices will impact our sales in future periods.
we have also experienced continued accelerated pressure on wages in the u.s. during fiscal 2020. some of this is attributed to regulatory changes in certain states and municipalities, while the larger portion is being driven by general market pressures and some specific actions taken in recent years by other retailers. the regulatory changes are expected to continue, as evidenced by the areas that have passed legislation to increase employees' wages substantially over the next few years, but we are still assessing to what degree these changes will impact our earnings growth in future periods.
during fiscal 2020, failure and maintenance related categories represented the largest portion of our sales mix, at approximately 84% of total sales, with failure related categories continuing to comprise our largest set of categories. while we have not experienced any fundamental shifts in our category sales mix as compared to previous years, in our domestic stores we did experience a slight increase in mix of sales of the discretionary category as compared to last year. we believe the improvement in this sales category resulted from the pandemic as many of our customers had more time to work on projects. the two statistics we believe have the closest correlation to our market growth over the long-term are miles driven and the number of seven year old or older vehicles on the road.
miles driven we believe that as the number of miles driven increases, consumers' vehicles are more likely to need service and maintenance, resulting in an increase in the need for automotive hard parts and maintenance items. while over the long-term we have seen a close correlation between our net sales and the number of miles driven, we have also seen certain time frames of minimal correlation in sales performance and miles driven. during the periods of minimal correlation between net sales and miles driven, we believe net sales have been positively impacted by other factors, including macroeconomic factors and the number of seven year old or older vehicles on the road. since the beginning of the fiscal year and through july 2020 (latest publicly available information), miles driven in the u.s. decreased by 8.8% compared to the same period in the prior year. we believe this decrease is a result of the pandemic, but we are unable to predict if this decline will continue and are uncertain if it continues the impact it will have to our business.
29
‌
seven year old or older vehicles new vehicles sales decreased 0.8% during 2020 as compared to the prior calendar year. we estimate vehicles are driven an average of approximately 12,500 miles each year. in seven years, the average miles driven equates to approximately 87,500 miles. our experience is that at this point in a vehicle's life, most vehicles are not covered by warranties and increased maintenance is needed to keep the vehicle operating.
according to the latest data provided by the auto care association, as of january 1, 2020, the average age of vehicles on the road was 11.9 years. for the ninth consecutive year, the average age of vehicles has exceeded 11 years.
we expect the aging vehicle population to continue to increase as consumers keep their cars longer in an effort to save money. as the number of seven year old or older vehicles on the road increases, we expect an increase in demand for the products we sell.
results of operations fiscal 2020 compared with fiscal 2019
for the fiscal year ended august 29, 2020, we reported net sales of $12.632 billion compared with $11.864 billion for the year ended august 31, 2019, a 6.5% increase from fiscal 2019. this growth was driven primarily by a domestic same store sales increase of 7.4% and net sales of $244.7 million from new stores. same store sales are computed on a 52-week basis. domestic commercial sales increased $164.9 million, or 6.4%, over domestic commercial sales for fiscal 2019.
at august 29, 2020, we operated 5,885 domestic stores, 621 in mexico and 43 in brazil, compared with 5,772 domestic stores, 604 in mexico and 35 in brazil at august 31, 2019. we reported a total auto parts segment (domestic, mexico and brazil) sales increase of 6.5% for fiscal 2020.
gross profit for fiscal 2020 was $6.771 billion, or 53.6% of net sales, a 5 basis point decrease compared with $6.365 billion, or 53.7% of net sales for fiscal 2019. the decrease in gross margin was primarily attributable to lower merchandise margins driven primarily by a shift in mix.
operating, selling, general and administrative expenses for fiscal 2020 increased to $4.353 billion, or 34.5% of net sales, from $4.149 billion, or 35.0% of net sales for fiscal 2019. the decrease in operating expenses, as a percentage of sales, was primarily due to leverage from higher sales growth, partially offset by $83.9 million of costs incurred in response to covid-19.
interest expense, net for fiscal 2020 was $201.2 million compared with $184.8 million during fiscal 2019. this increase was primarily due to higher debt levels. average borrowings for fiscal 2020 were $5.393 billion, compared with $5.097 billion for fiscal 2019. weighted average borrowing rates were 3.3% for fiscal 2020 and 3.2% for fiscal 2019.
our effective income tax rate was 21.8% of pre-tax income for fiscal 2020 compared to 20.4% for fiscal 2019. the increase in the tax rate was primarily attributable to a reduced benefit from stock options exercised during fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019. the benefit of stock options exercised for fiscal 2020 was $20.9 million compared to $46.0 million for fiscal 2019 (see "note d - income taxes" in the notes to consolidated financial statements).
net income for fiscal 2020 increased by 7.2% to $1.733 billion, and diluted earnings per share increased 13.4% to $71.93 from $63.43 in fiscal 2019. net income and diluted earnings per share for fiscal 2019 benefitted from an additional week of sales. the impact on the fiscal 2020 diluted earnings per share from stock repurchases was an increase of $1.59.
30
‌
fiscal 2019 compared with fiscal 2018
a discussion of changes in our results of operations from fiscal 2018 to fiscal 2019 has been omitted from this form 10-k, but may be found in "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" of our form 10-k for the fiscal year ended august 31, 2019, filed with the sec on october 28, 2019, which is available free of charge on the secs website at www.sec.gov and at www.autozone.com, by clicking "investor relations" located at the bottom of the page.
quarterly periods each of the first three quarters of our fiscal year consists of 12 weeks, and the fourth quarter consisted of 16 weeks in 2020, 17 weeks in 2019 and 16 weeks in 2018. because the fourth quarter contains seasonally high sales volume and consists of 16 or 17 weeks, compared with 12 weeks for each of the first three quarters, our fourth quarter represents a disproportionate share of our annual net sales and net income. the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2020 represented 36.0% of annual sales and 42.7% of net income; the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2019 represented 33.6% of annual sales and 35.0% of net income; and the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2018 represented 31.7% of annual sales and 29.9% of net income.
income taxes on december 22, 2017, the tax cuts and jobs act ("tax reform") was enacted into law. tax reform significantly revises the u.s. federal corporate income tax by, among other things, lowering the statutory federal corporate rate from 35% to 21%, eliminating certain deductions, imposing a mandatory one-time transition tax on accumulated earnings of foreign subsidiaries, and changing how foreign earnings are subject to u.s. federal tax. also, in december 2017, the sec issued staff accounting bulletin no. 118 ("sab 118") to address the application of gaap in situations when the registrant does not have the necessary information available, prepared or analyzed in reasonable detail to complete the accounting for certain income tax effects of tax reform.
during the year ended august 25, 2018, we recorded provisional tax benefit of $131.5 million related to tax reform, comprised of $157.3 million remeasurement of its net deferred tax asset ("dta"), offset by $25.8 million of transition tax. during the year ended august 31, 2019, we completed our analysis of tax reform and recorded adjustments to the previously-recorded provisional amounts, resulting in an $8.8 million tax benefit, primarily related to transition tax on accumulated earnings of foreign subsidiaries.
beginning with the year ending august 31, 2019, we are subject to a new tax on global intangible low-taxed income ("gilti") that is imposed on foreign earnings. we have made the election to record this tax as a period cost and therefore, have not adjusted the deferred tax assets or liabilities of our foreign subsidiaries for the new tax. net impacts for gilti are included in the provision for income taxes for the years ended august 29, 2020 and august 31, 2019.
liquidity and capital resources the primary source of our liquidity is our cash flows realized through the sale of automotive parts, products and accessories. net cash provided by operating activities was $2.720 billion in 2020, $2.129 billion in 2019 and $2.080 billion in 2018. cash flows from operations are favorable compared to last year primarily due to growth in net income due to accelerated sales growth as a result of the pandemic.
31
‌
our net cash flows used in investing activities were $497.9 million in fiscal 2020, $491.8 million in fiscal 2019 and $521.9 million in fiscal 2018. the increase in net cash used in investing activities in fiscal 2020, compared to fiscal 2019, was the result of an investment in a tax credit equity investment, partially offset by a decrease in capital expenditures. we invested $457.7 million in capital assets in fiscal 2020, $496.1 million in fiscal 2019 and $521.8 million in fiscal 2018. we had 138 new location openings for fiscal 2020, 209 for fiscal 2019 and 201 for fiscal 2018. the decrease in capital expenditures from fiscal 2019 to fiscal 2020 was attributable to delayed store openings in response to covid-19. we invest a portion of our assets held by our wholly owned insurance captive in marketable debt securities. we purchased $90.9 million in marketable debt securities in fiscal 2020, $55.5 million in fiscal 2019 and $104.5 million in fiscal 2018. we had proceeds from the sale of marketable debt securities of $84.2 million in fiscal 2020, $53.1 million in fiscal 2019 and $69.6 million in fiscal 2018.
net cash used in financing activities was $643.6 million in fiscal 2020, $1.674 billion in fiscal 2019 and $1.632 billion in fiscal 2018. the net cash used in financing activities reflected purchases of treasury stock, which totaled $930.9 million for fiscal 2020, $2.005 billion for fiscal 2019 and $1.592 billion for fiscal 2018. the decrease in purchases of treasury stock for fiscal 2020 was due to the temporary suspension of the share repurchase program in order to conserve liquidity in response to the uncertainty related to covid-19. the treasury stock purchases in fiscal 2020, 2019 and 2018 were primarily funded by cash flows from operations. the company issued $1.850 billion of new debt in 2020, $750 million in fiscal 2019 and none in fiscal 2018. in fiscal 2020 the proceeds from the issuance of debt were used for general corporate purposes, repayment of our outstanding commercial paper and repayment of our $500 million senior notes due in november 2020 which were callable at par in august 2020 . in fiscal 2019 the proceeds from the issuance of debt were used to repay a portion of our outstanding commercial paper borrowings, our $250 million senior notes due in april 2019 and for general corporate purposes. in fiscal 2018, we used commercial paper borrowings to repay our $250 million senior notes due in august 2018.
in fiscal 2020, we made net repayments of commercial paper and short term borrowings in the amount of $1.030 billion. net repayments of commercial paper and short term borrowings for fiscal 2019 were $295.3 million and net proceeds from the issuance of commercial paper and short-term borrowings for fiscal 2018 were $170.2 million.
during fiscal 2021, we expect to increase the investment in our business as compared to fiscal 2020. the expected increase is driven by delays in capital spending for the third and fourth quarter of fiscal 2020 related to covid-19. our investments are expected to be directed primarily to new locations, supply chain infrastructure, enhancements to existing locations and investments in technology. the amount of investments in our new locations is impacted by different factors, including such factors as whether the building and land are purchased (requiring higher investment) or leased (generally lower investment), located in the united states, mexico or brazil, or located in urban or rural areas. during fiscal 2020, 2019 and 2018 our capital expenditures decreased from the prior fiscal year by approximately 8%, 5% and 6%, respectively.
in addition to building and land costs, our new locations require working capital, predominantly for inventories. historically, we have negotiated extended payment terms from suppliers, reducing the working capital required and resulting in a high accounts payable to inventory ratio. we plan to continue leveraging our inventory purchases; however, our ability to do so may be limited by our vendors' capacity to factor their receivables from us. certain vendors participate in arrangements with financial institutions whereby they factor their autozone receivables, allowing them to receive early payment from the financial institution on our invoices at a discounted rate. the terms of these agreements are between the vendor and the financial institution. upon request from the vendor, we confirm to the vendor's financial institution the balances owed to the vendor, the due date and agree to waive any right of offset to the confirmed balances. a downgrade in our credit or changes in the financial markets may limit the financial institutions' willingness to participate in these arrangements, which may result in the vendor wanting to renegotiate payment terms. a reduction in payment terms would increase the working capital required to fund future inventory investments. extended payment terms from our vendors have allowed us to continue our high accounts payable to inventory ratio. we had an accounts payable to inventory ratio of 115.3% at august 29, 2020 and 112.6% at august 31, 2019. the increase from fiscal 2019 was primarily due to accelerated sales growth.
32
‌
depending on the timing and magnitude of our future investments (either in the form of leased or purchased properties or acquisitions), we anticipate that we will rely primarily on internally generated funds and available borrowing capacity to support a majority of our capital expenditures, working capital requirements and stock repurchases. the balance may be funded through new borrowings. we anticipate that we will be able to obtain such financing in view of our credit ratings and favorable experiences in the debt markets in the past.
our cash balances are held in various locations around the world. as of august 29, 2020, and august 31, 2019, cash and cash equivalents of $62.4 million and $49.9 million, respectively, were held outside of the u.s. and were generally utilized to support the liquidity needs in our foreign operations.
for the fiscal year ended august 29, 2020, our after-tax return on invested capital ("roic") was 38.1% as compared to 35.7% for the comparable prior year period. roic is calculated as after-tax operating profit (excluding rent charges) divided by invested capital (which includes a factor to capitalize operating leases). for fiscal 2020, roic was presented net of average excess cash of $374.2 million. for fiscal 2019, after-tax operating profit was adjusted for the tax reform's impact on the revaluation of deferred tax liabilities, net of the repatriation tax. we use roic to evaluate whether we are effectively using our capital resources and believe it is an important indicator of our overall operating performance. refer to the "reconciliation of non-gaap financial measures" section for further details of our calculation.
debt facilities we entered into a master extension, new commitment and amendment agreement dated as of november 18, 2017 (the "extension amendment") to the third amended and restated credit agreement dated as of november 18, 2016, as amended, modified, extended or restated from time to time (the "revolving credit agreement"). under the extension amendment: (i) our borrowing capacity under the revolving credit agreement was increased from $1.6 billion to $2.0 billion; (ii) the maximum borrowing under the revolving credit agreement may, at our option, subject to lenders approval, be increased from $2.0 billion to $2.4 billion; (iii) the termination date of the revolving credit agreement was extended from november 18, 2021 until november 18, 2022; and (iv) we have the option to make one additional written request of the lenders to extend the termination date then in effect for an additional year. under the revolving credit agreement, we may borrow funds consisting of eurodollar loans, base rate loans or a combination of both. interest accrues on eurodollar loans at a defined eurodollar rate, defined as libor plus the applicable percentage, as defined in the revolving credit agreement, depending upon our senior, unsecured, (non-credit enhanced) long-term debt ratings. interest accrues on base rate loans as defined in the revolving credit agreement.
on april 3, 2020, we entered into a 364-day credit agreement (the "364-day credit agreement") to augment our access to liquidity due to current macroeconomic conditions, specifically the pandemic, and supplement our existing revolving credit agreement. the 364-day credit agreement provides for loans in the aggregate principal amount of up to $750 million. the 364-day credit agreement will terminate, and all amounts borrowed under the 364-day credit agreement will be due and payable, on april 2, 2021. revolving loans under the 364-day credit agreement may be base rate loans, eurodollar loans, or a combination of both, at our election.
as of august 29, 2020, we had no outstanding borrowings under each of our revolving credit agreements and had $1.7 million of outstanding letters of credit under the revolving credit agreement.
under our revolving credit agreements, covenants include restrictions on liens, a maximum debt to earnings ratio, a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio and a change of control provision that may require acceleration of the repayment obligations under certain circumstances.
the revolving credit agreement requires that our consolidated interest coverage ratio as of the last day of each quarter shall be no less than 2.5:1. this ratio is defined as the ratio of (i) consolidated earnings before interest, taxes and rents to (ii) consolidated interest expense plus consolidated rents. our consolidated interest coverage ratio as of august 29, 2020 was 6.1:1.
33
‌
as of august 29, 2020, the $250 million 2.500% senior notes due april 2021 are classified as long-term in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets as we have the ability and intent to refinance them on a long-term basis through available capacity in our revolving credit agreements. as of august 29, 2020, we had $2.748 billion of availability, before giving effect to commercial paper borrowings, under our $2.750 billion revolving credit agreements which would allow us to replace these short-term obligations with long-term financing facilities.
we also maintain a letter of credit facility that allows us to request the participating bank to issue letters of credit on our behalf up to an aggregate amount of $25 million. the letter of credit facility is in addition to the letters of credit that may be issued under the revolving credit agreement. as of august 29, 2020, we had $25.0 million in letters of credit outstanding under the letter of credit facility which expires in june 2022.
in addition to the outstanding letters of credit issued under the committed facilities discussed above, we had $220.3 million in letters of credit outstanding as of august 29, 2020. these letters of credit have various maturity dates and were issued on an uncommitted basis.
on august 14, 2020, we issued $600 million in 1.650% senior notes due january 2031 under our automatic shelf registration statement on form s-3, filed with the sec on april 4, 2019 (file no. 333-230719) (the "2019 shelf registration"). the 2019 shelf registration allows us to sell an indeterminate amount in debt securities to fund general corporate purposes, including repaying, redeeming or repurchasing outstanding debt and for working capital, capital expenditures, new store openings, stock repurchases and acquisitions. proceeds from the debt issuance were used for general corporate purposes, including the repayment of the $500 million in 4.000% senior notes due in november 2020 that were callable at par in august 2020.
on march 30, 2020, we issued $500 million in 3.625% senior notes due april 2025 and $750 million in 4.000% senior notes due april 2030 under the 2019 shelf registration. proceeds from the debt issuance were used to repay a portion of the outstanding commercial paper borrowings and for other general corporate purposes.
on april 18, 2019, we issued $300 million in 3.125% senior notes due april 2024 and $450 million in 3.750% senior notes due april 2029 under the 2019 shelf registration. proceeds from the debt issuance were used to repay a portion of our outstanding commercial paper borrowings, the $250 million in 1.625% senior notes due in april 2019 and for other general corporate purposes.
all senior notes are subject to an interest rate adjustment if the debt ratings assigned are downgraded (as defined in the agreements). further, the senior notes contain a provision that repayment may be accelerated if we experience a change in control (as defined in the agreements). our borrowings under our senior notes contain minimal covenants, primarily restrictions on liens, sale and leaseback transactions and consolidations, mergers and the sale of assets. all of the repayment obligations under our borrowing arrangements may be accelerated and come due prior to the applicable scheduled payment date if covenants are breached or an event of default occurs.
as of august 29, 2020, we were in compliance with all covenants and expect to remain in compliance with all covenants under our borrowing arrangements.
for the fiscal year ended august 29, 2020, our adjusted debt to earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, rent and share-based compensation expense ("ebitdar") ratio was 1.9:1 as compared to 2.5:1 as of the comparable prior year end. we calculate adjusted debt as the sum of total debt, finance lease liabilities and rent times six; and we calculate ebitdar by adding interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, rent and share-based compensation expense to net income. for fiscal 2020, debt was presented net of excess cash, which ended the year at $1.6 billion. we target our debt levels to a specified ratio of adjusted debt to ebitdar in order to maintain our investment grade credit ratings and believe this is important information for the management of our debt levels.
to the extent ebitdar continues to grow in future years, we expect our debt levels to increase; conversely, if ebitdar declines, we would expect our debt levels to decrease. refer to the "reconciliation of non-gaap financial measures" section for further details of our calculation.
34
‌
stock repurchases during 1998, we announced a program permitting us to repurchase a portion of our outstanding shares not to exceed a dollar maximum established by our board of directors (the "board"). on october 7, 2019, the board voted to authorize the repurchase of an additional $1.25 billion of our common stock in connection with our ongoing share repurchase program. since the inception of the repurchase program in 1998, the board has authorized $23.15 billion in share repurchases. from january 1998 to august 29, 2020, we have repurchased a total of 147.7 million shares at an aggregate cost of $22.354 billion. we repurchased 826 thousand shares of common stock at an aggregate cost of $930.9 million during fiscal 2020, 2.2 million shares of common stock at an aggregate cost of $2.005 billion during fiscal 2019 and 2.4 million shares of common stock at an aggregate cost of $1.592 billion during fiscal 2018. the decrease in purchases of treasury stock for fiscal 2020 was due to the temporary suspension of the share repurchase program in order to preserve cash as a result of the uncertainty related to the pandemic. considering cumulative repurchases as of august 29, 2020, we had $795.9 million remaining under the board's authorization to repurchase our common stock.
for the fiscal year ended august 29, 2020, cash flow before share repurchases and changes in debt was $2.185 billion as compared to $1.759 billion during the comparable prior year period. cash flow before share repurchases and changes in debt is calculated as the net increase or decrease in cash and cash equivalents less net increases or decreases in debt plus share repurchases. we use cash flow before share repurchases and changes in debt to calculate the cash flows remaining and available. we believe this is important information regarding our allocation of available capital where we prioritize investments in the business and utilize the remaining funds to repurchase shares, while maintaining debt levels that support our investment grade credit ratings. refer to the "reconciliation of non-gaap financial measures" section for further details of our calculation.
during fiscal 2020, we temporarily ceased share repurchases under our share repurchase program to conserve liquidity in response to the uncertainty related to covid-19. while we have restarted share repurchases during the first quarter of fiscal year 2021, we will continue to evaluate current and expected business conditions and adjust the level of share repurchases under our share repurchase program as we deem appropriate.
subsequent to august 29, 2020, we have repurchased 269,795 shares of common stock at an aggregate cost of $314.4 million. considering the cumulative repurchases subsequent to august 29, 2020, we have $481.5 million remaining under the board's authorization to repurchase its common stock.
financial commitments the following table shows our significant contractual obligations as of august 29, 2020:

total                   payment due by period contractual             less than            between               between               over
(in thousands)                   obligations             1 year               1‐3 years             3‐5 years             5 years debt(1)                          $5,550,000              $250,000             $1,300,000            $1,200,000            $2,800,000
interest payments(2)                     1,093,138              181,275               327,238               255,175                 329,450
operating leases(3)                      3,534,369              302,890               632,719               543,395               2,055,365
finance leases(4)                          251,380               69,013               102,565                35,037                  44,765
self-insurance reserves(5)                 249,273               87,209                85,529                36,532                  40,003
construction commitments                    50,863               50,863                     -                     -                       -
$10,729,023             $941,250             $2,448,051            $2,070,139            $5,269,583
(1)   debt balances represent principal maturities, excluding interest, discounts, and debt issuance costs.

(2)   represents obligations for interest payments on long-term debt.

(3)   we adopted asu 2016-02, leases (topic 842), beginning with our first quarter ended november 23, 2019 which resulted in us recognizing a right-of-use asset ("rou asset") and a corresponding lease liability on the balance sheet. see "note a - significant accounting policies" of item 8.

(4)   finance lease obligations include related interest.

35
‌
(5)   self-insurance reserves reflect estimates based on actuarial calculations and are presented net of insurance receivables. although these obligations do not have scheduled maturities, the timing of future payments are predictable based upon historical patterns. accordingly, we reflect the net present value of these obligations in our consolidated balance sheets.

our tax liability for uncertain tax positions, including interest and penalties, was $23.0 million at august 29, 2020. approximately $2.0 million is classified as current liabilities and $21.0 million is classified as long-term liabilities. we did not reflect these obligations in the table above as we are unable to make an estimate of the timing of payments of the long-term liabilities due to uncertainties in the timing and amounts of the settlement of these tax positions.
off-balance sheet arrangements the following table reflects outstanding letters of credit and surety bonds as of august 29, 2020:

total other
(in thousands)                  commitments standby letters of credit       $246,921
surety bonds                            56,655
$303,576
a substantial portion of the outstanding standby letters of credit (which are primarily renewed on an annual basis) and surety bonds are used to cover reimbursement obligations to our workers' compensation carriers.
there are no additional contingent liabilities associated with these instruments as the underlying liabilities are already reflected in our consolidated balance sheets. the standby letters of credit and surety bond arrangements expire within one year but have automatic renewal clauses.
reconciliation of non-gaap financial measures
"selected financial data" and "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" include certain financial measures not derived in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap"). these non-gaap financial measures provide additional information for determining our optimum capital structure and are used to assist management in evaluating performance and in making appropriate business decisions to maximize stockholders' value.
non-gaap financial measures should not be used as a substitute for gaap financial measures, or considered in isolation, for the purpose of analyzing our operating performance, financial position or cash flows. however, we have presented the non-gaap financial measures, as we believe they provide additional information that is useful to investors as it indicates more clearly our comparative year-to-year operating results. furthermore, our management and compensation committee of the board use the above-mentioned non-gaap financial measures to analyze and compare our underlying operating results and use select measurements to determine payments of performance-based compensation. we have included a reconciliation of this information to the most comparable gaap measures in the following reconciliation tables.
36
‌
reconciliation of non-gaap financial measure: cash flow before share repurchases and changes in debt the following table reconciles net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents to cash flow before share repurchases and changes in debt, which is presented in "selected financial data" and "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations":

fiscal year ended august
(in thousands)                                                              2020                                   2019                      2018                    2017                      2016
net cash provided by/(used in):
operating activities(1)                                                     $2,720,108              $2,128,513                $2,080,292                $1,570,612              $1,641,060
investing activities                                                                (497,875)                 (491,846)                 (521,860)               (553,599)                 (505,835)
financing activities(1)                                                             (643,636)               (1,674,088)               (1,632,154)               (914,329)               (1,116,528)
effect of exchange rate changes on cash                                               (4,082)                   (4,103)                   (1,724)       852                                 (4,272)
net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                1,574,515                  (41,524)                  (75,446)                 103,536                    14,425
less: increase/(decrease) in debt, excluding deferred financing costs                 320,000                   204,700                  (79,800)                 157,600                   299,900
plus: share repurchases(2)                                                            930,903                 2,004,896                 1,592,013               1,071,649                 1,452,462
cash flow before share repurchases and changes in debt                      $2,185,418              $1,758,672                $1,596,367                $1,017,585              $1,166,987
(1)   the company adopted the provisions of asu 2016-09, compensation - stock compensation (topic 718): improvement to employee share-based payment accounting, as of august 28, 2016.

(2)   during the third quarter of fiscal 2020, the company temporarily ceased share repurchases under the share repurchase program in response to covid-19.

37
‌
reconciliation of non-gaap financial measure: adjusted after-tax roic the following table calculates the percentage of roic. roic is calculated as after-tax operating profit (excluding rent) divided by invested capital (which includes a factor to capitalize operating leases). the roic percentages are presented in "selected financial data" and "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations":
the following table calculates the percentage of roic. roic is calculated as after-tax operating profit (excluding rent) divided by invested capital (which includes a factor to capitalize operating leases). the roic percentages are presented in "selected financial data" and "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations":

fiscal year ended august
(in thousands, except percentages)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                2020                      2019(1)                   2018(2)                                  2017                      2016
net income                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        $1,732,972                $1,617,221                $1,337,536                $1,280,869                $1,241,007
adjustments:
impairment before tax                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               -                         -                   193,162                         -                         -
pension termination charges before tax                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              -                         -                   130,263                         -                         -
interest expense                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              201,165                   184,804                   174,527                   154,580                   147,681
rent expense(3)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               329,783                   332,726                   315,580                   302,928                   280,490
tax effect(4)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               (115,747)                 (105,576)                 (211,806)                 (153,265)                 (150,288)
deferred tax liabilities, net of repatriation tax(5)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                -                   (6,340)                 (132,113)                         -                         -
adjusted after-tax return                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         $2,148,173                $2,022,835                $1,807,149                $1,585,112                $1,518,890
average debt(6)(7)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                $5,001,194                $5,126,286                $5,013,678                $5,061,502                $4,820,402
average stockholders' deficit(6)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          (1,542,355)               (1,615,339)               (1,433,196)               (1,730,559)               (1,774,329)
add: rent x 6(3)(8)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         1,978,696                 1,996,358                 1,893,480                 1,817,568                 1,682,940
average finance lease liabilities(6)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          203,998                   162,591                   156,198                   150,066                   131,008
invested capital                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  $5,641,533                $5,669,896                $5,630,160                $5,298,577                $4,860,021
adjusted after-tax roic                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           38.1                  %   35.7                  %   32.1                  %   29.9                  %   31.3                  %
reconciliation of non-gaap financial measure: adjusted debt to ebitdar the following table calculates the ratio of adjusted debt to ebitdar. adjusted debt to ebitdar is calculated as the sum of total debt, financing lease liabilities and annual rents times six; divided by net income plus interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, rent and share-based compensation expense. the adjusted debt to ebitdar ratios are presented in "selected financial data" and "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations":

fiscal year ended august
(in thousands, except ratios)                2020                    2019(1)                 2018(2)                              2017                    2016
net income                                   $1,732,972              $1,617,221              $1,337,536              $1,280,869              $1,241,007
add: impairment before tax                                   -                       -                 193,162                       -                       -
pension termination charges before tax                       -                       -                 130,263                       -                       -
add: interest expense                                  201,165                 184,804                 174,527                 154,580                 147,681
income tax expense                                     483,542                 414,112                 298,793                 644,620                 671,707
adjusted ebit                                        2,417,679               2,216,137               2,134,281               2,080,069               2,060,395
add: depreciation expense                              397,466                 369,957                 345,084                 323,051                 297,397
rent expense(3)                                        329,783                 332,726                 315,580                 302,928                 280,490
share-based expense                                     44,835                  43,255                  43,674                  38,244                  39,825
adjusted ebitdar                             $3,189,763              $2,962,075              $2,838,619              $2,744,292              $2,678,107
debt(9)                                      $3,957,186              $5,206,344              $5,005,930              $5,081,238              $4,924,119
financing lease liabilities                            223,353                 179,905                 154,303                 150,456                 147,285
add: rent x 6(3)(8)                                  1,978,696               1,996,358               1,893,480               1,817,568               1,682,940
adjusted debt                                $6,159,235              $7,382,607              $7,053,713              $7,049,262              $6,754,344
adjusted debt to ebitdar                     1.9                     2.5                     2.5                     2.6                     2.5
38
‌
(1)   the fiscal year ended august 31, 2019 consisted of 53 weeks.

(2) for fiscal 2018, after-tax operating profit was adjusted for impairment charges and pension settlement charges.
(3)   effective september 1, 2019, the company adopted asu 2016-02, leases (topic 842), the new lease accounting standard that required the company to recognize operating lease assets and liabilities in the balance sheet. the table below outlines the calculation of rent expense and reconciles rent expense to total lease cost, per asc 842, the most directly comparable gaap financial measure, for the 52 weeks ended, august 29, 2020.


total lease cost, per asc 842, for the 52 weeks ended august 29, 2020                                                                           $415,505
less: finance lease interest and amortization                                                                                                   (60,275)
less: variable operating lease components, related to insurance and common area maintenance for the 52 weeks ended august 29, 2020              (25,447)
rent expense for the 52 weeks ended august 29, 2020                                                                                             $329,783
(4)   for fiscal 2020 and 2019, the effective tax rate was 21.8% and 20.4%, respectively. the effective tax rate during fiscal 2018 was 24.2% for impairment, 28.1% for pension termination and 26.2% for interest and rent expense. for fiscal 2017 and 2016 the effective tax rate was 33.5% and 35.1%, respectively.

(5)   for fiscal 2019 and 2018, after-tax operating profit was adjusted for the impact of the revaluation of deferred tax liabilities, net of repatriation tax.

(6)   all averages are computed based on trailing five quarters.

(7)   average debt is presented net of average excess cash of $374.2 million.

(8)   rent is multiplied by a factor of six to capitalize operating leases in the determination of pre-tax invested capital.

(9)   the company ended fiscal 2020 with excess cash of $1.6 billion. debt is presented net of excess cash.

recent accounting pronouncements see note a of the notes to consolidated financial statements for a discussion on recent accounting pronouncements.
critical accounting policies and estimates preparation of our consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions affecting the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period and related disclosures of contingent liabilities. in the notes to our consolidated financial statements, we describe our significant accounting policies used in preparing the consolidated financial statements. our policies are evaluated on an ongoing basis and are drawn from historical experience and other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. actual results could differ under different assumptions or conditions. our senior management has identified the critical accounting policies for the areas that are materially impacted by estimates and assumptions and have discussed such policies with the audit committee of our board. the following items in our consolidated financial statements represent our critical accounting policies that require significant estimation or judgment by management:
self-insurance reserves we retain a significant portion of the risks associated with workers' compensation, general, product liability, property and vehicle liability; and we obtain third party insurance to limit the exposure related to certain of these risks. our self-insurance reserve estimates totaled $288.6 million at august 29, 2020, and $207.0 million at august 31, 2019. this change is primarily reflective of our growing operations, including inflation, increases in healthcare costs, the number of vehicles and the number of hours worked, as well as our historical claims experience. where estimable, losses covered by insurance are recognized on a gross basis with a corresponding insurance receivable.
39
‌
the assumptions made by management in estimating our self-insurance reserves include consideration of historical cost experience, judgments about the present and expected levels of cost per claim and retention levels. we utilize various methods, including analyses of historical trends and use of a specialist, to estimate the cost to settle reported claims and claims incurred but not yet reported. the actuarial methods develop estimates of the future ultimate claim costs based on the claims incurred as of the balance sheet date. when estimating these liabilities, we consider factors, such as the severity, duration and frequency of claims, legal costs associated with claims, healthcare trends and projected inflation of related factors. in recent history, our methods for determining our exposure have remained consistent, and our historical trends have been appropriately factored into our reserve estimates. as we obtain additional information and refine our methods regarding the assumptions and estimates we use to recognize liabilities incurred, we will adjust our reserves accordingly.
management believes that the various assumptions developed and actuarial methods used to determine our self- insurance reserves are reasonable and provide meaningful data and information that management uses to make its best estimate of our exposure to these risks. arriving at these estimates, however, requires a significant amount of subjective judgment by management, and as a result these estimates are uncertain and our actual exposure may be different from our estimates. for example, changes in our assumptions about healthcare costs, the severity of accidents and the incidence of illness, the average size of claims and other factors could cause actual claim costs to vary materially from our assumptions and estimates, causing our reserves to be overstated or understated. for instance, a 10% change in our self-insurance liability would have affected net income by approximately $22.4 million for fiscal 2020.
our liabilities for workers' compensation, general and product liability, property and vehicle claims do not have scheduled maturities; however, the timing of future payments is predictable based on historical patterns and is relied upon in determining the current portion of these liabilities. accordingly, we reflect the net present value of the obligations we determine to be long-term using the risk-free interest rate as of the balance sheet date.
if the discount rate used to calculate the present value of these reserves changed by 25 basis points, net income would have been affected by approximately $1.4 million for fiscal 2020.
income taxes our income tax returns are audited by state, federal and foreign tax authorities, and we are typically engaged in various tax examinations at any given time. tax contingencies often arise due to uncertainty or differing interpretations of the application of tax rules throughout the various jurisdictions in which we operate. the contingencies are influenced by items such as tax audits, changes in tax laws, litigation, appeals and prior experience with similar tax positions.
we regularly review our tax reserves for these items and assess the adequacy of the amount we have recorded. as of august 29, 2020, we had approximately $23.0 million reserved for uncertain tax positions.
we evaluate exposures associated with our various tax filings by estimating a liability for uncertain tax positions based on a two-step process. the first step is to evaluate the tax position for recognition by determining if the weight of available evidence indicates that it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained on audit, including resolution of related appeals or litigation processes, if any. the second step requires us to estimate and measure the tax benefit as the largest amount that is more than 50% likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement.
we believe our estimates to be reasonable and have not experienced material adjustments to our reserves in the previous three years; however, actual results could differ from our estimates, and we may be exposed to gains or losses that could be material. specifically, management has used judgment and made assumptions to estimate the likely outcome of uncertain tax positions. additionally, to the extent we prevail in matters for which a liability has been established, or must pay in excess of recognized reserves, our effective tax rate in any particular period could be materially affected.
40
‌
vendor allowances we receive various payments and allowances from our vendors through a variety of programs and arrangements, including allowances for warranties, advertising and general promotion of vendor products. vendor allowances are treated as a reduction of the cost of inventory, unless they are provided as a reimbursement of specific, incremental, identifiable costs incurred by the company in selling the vendor's products. approximately 85% of the vendor funds received during fiscal 2020 were recorded as a reduction of the cost of inventories and recognized as a reduction to cost of sales as these inventories are sold.
based on our vendor agreements, a significant portion of vendor funding we receive is earned as we purchase inventory. therefore, we record receivables for funding earned but not yet received as we purchase inventory. during the year, we regularly review the receivables from vendors to ensure vendors are able to meet their obligations. we generally have not recorded a reserve against these receivables as we have not experienced significant losses and typically have a legal right of offset with our vendors for payments owed them. historically, we have had write-offs less than $1 million in each of the last three years.
