item 1a. risk factors any of the following risks could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.
11
general risks if we do not effectively manage change and growth, our business could be adversely affected.
our future revenue and operating results will depend on our ability to effectively manage the anticipated growth of our business. we have experienced significant growth in demand for our products and services in recent years and are expanding our operations, increasing our headcount and expanding into new product offerings. this growth has increased and may continue to constrain our ability to fully supply our customers' requirements. it has also placed significant demands on our management as well as our financial and operational resources, and continued growth presents several challenges, including:
●   expanding manufacturing capacity, maintaining quality and increasing production;

●   identifying, attracting and retaining qualified personnel;

●   developing and retaining our global sales, marketing and administrative infrastructure and capabilities;

●   increasing our regulatory compliance capabilities, particularly in new lines of business;

●   building out our expertise in a number of disciplines, including marketing, licensing, and merchandising; and

●   implementing appropriate operational, financial and it systems and internal controls.

our business, operating results and financial condition are subject to particular risks in certain regions of the world.
we may experience an operating loss in one or more regions of the world for one or more periods, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results or financial condition. moreover, overcapacity, which often leads to lower prices, may develop over time in certain regions in which we operate even if demand continues to grow. more generally, supply and demand fluctuations could make it difficult for us to forecast and meet certain customers' needs. our ability to manage such operational fluctuations and to maintain adequate long-term strategies in the face of such developments will be critical to our continued growth and profitability.
the loss of a key customer, or a reduction in its requirements, could have a significant negative impact on our sales.
we sell a majority of our packaging products to a relatively limited number of major beverage, personal care and household product companies, some of which operate in multiple geographical markets we serve.
although the majority of our customer contracts are long-term, these contracts, unless they are renewed, expire in accordance with their respective terms and are terminable under certain circumstances, such as our failure to meet quality, volume or market pricing requirements. because we depend on a relatively limited number of major customers, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affected by the loss of any of these customers, a reduction in the purchasing levels of these customers, a strike or work stoppage by a significant number of these customers' employees or an adverse change in the terms of the supply agreements with these customers.
the primary customers for our aerospace segment are u.s. government agencies or their prime contractors. our contracts with these customers are subject to several risks, including funding cuts and delays, technical uncertainties, budget changes, government shutdowns, competitive activity and changes in scope.
12
we have a significant level of debt that could have important consequences for our business and any investment in our securities.
the company had $7.8 billion of interest-bearing debt at december 31, 2020. such indebtedness could have significant consequences for our business and any investment in our securities, including:
●   increasing our vulnerability to adverse economic, industry or competitive developments;

●   requiring more of our cash flows from operations to be dedicated to the payment of principal and interest on our indebtedness, limiting our cash flow available to fund our operations, capital expenditures and future business opportunities or returning additional cash to our shareholders;

●   restricting us from making additional acquisitions;

●   limiting our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, product development, debt service requirements, acquisitions and general corporate or other purposes; and

●   limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business or market conditions and placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors who may be less leveraged and who, therefore, may be able to take advantage of opportunities that our leverage prevents us from exploiting.

we face competitive risks from many sources that may negatively impact our profitability.
competition within the packaging and aerospace industries is intense. increases in productivity, combined with potential surplus capacity in the industry, have maintained competitive pricing pressures. the principal methods of competition in the general packaging industry are price, innovation, sustainability, service and quality. in the aerospace industry, they are technical capability, cost and schedule. some of our competitors may have greater financial, technical and marketing resources, and some may currently have excess capacity. our current or potential competitors may offer products at a lower price or products that are deemed superior to ours. the global economic environment has resulted in reductions in demand for our products in some instances, which, in turn, could increase these competitive pressures.
we are subject to competition from alternative products, which could result in lower profits and reduced cash flows.
our aluminum packaging products are subject to significant competition from substitute products, particularly plastic carbonated soft drink bottles made from pet, single serve beer bottles and other beverage containers made of glass, cardboard or other materials. competition from plastic carbonated soft drink bottles is particularly intense in the u.s. and europe. certain of our aerospace products are also subject to competition from alternative products and solutions. there can be no assurance that our products will successfully compete against alternative products, which could result in a reduction in our profits or cash flows.
our packaging businesses have a narrow product range, and our business would suffer if usage of our products decreased or if decreases occur in the demand for the beverages and other goods filled in our products.
the majority of our consolidated net sales were from the sale of beverage containers, and we expect to derive a significant portion of our future revenues and cash flows from the sale of beverage containers. our business would suffer if the use of beverage containers decreased. accordingly, broad acceptance by consumers of aluminum containers for a wide variety of beverages is critical to our future success. if demand for glass and pet bottles increases relative to aluminum containers, or the demand for aluminum containers does not develop as expected, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition could be materially adversely affected.
13
our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations are subject to risks resulting from broader geographic operations.
we derived approximately 46 percent of our consolidated net sales from outside of the u.s. for the year ended december 31, 2020. the sizeable scope of operations inside and outside of the u.s. may lead to more volatile financial results and make it more difficult for us to manage our business. reasons for this include, but are not limited to, the following:
●   political and economic instability;

●   governments' restrictive trade policies;

●   the imposition or rescission of duties, taxes or government royalties;

●   exchange rate risks;

●   virus and disease outbreaks and responses thereto;

●   difficulties in enforcement of contractual obligations and intellectual property rights; and

●   the geographic, language and cultural differences between personnel in different areas of the world.

we are exposed to exchange rate fluctuations.
the company's financial results are exposed to currency exchange rate fluctuations and a significant proportion of assets, liabilities and earnings denominated in non-u.s. dollar currencies. the company presents its financial statements in u.s. dollars and has a significant proportion of its net assets, debt and income in non-u.s. dollar currencies, primarily the euro, as well as the russian ruble and other emerging market currencies. the company's financial results and capital ratios are therefore sensitive to movements in foreign exchange rates.
we manage our exposure to currency fluctuations, particularly our exposure to fluctuations in the euro to u.s. dollar exchange rate to attempt to mitigate the effect of cash flow and earnings volatility associated with exchange rate changes. we primarily use forward contracts and options to manage our currency exposures and, as a result, we experience gains and losses on these derivative positions offset, in part, by the impact of currency fluctuations on existing assets and liabilities.
we are vulnerable to fluctuations in the supply and price of raw materials.
we purchase aluminum and other raw materials and packaging supplies from several sources. while all such materials are available from independent suppliers, raw materials are subject to fluctuations in price and availability attributable to a number of factors, including general economic conditions, commodity price fluctuations (particularly aluminum on the london metal exchange), the demand by other industries for the same raw materials and the availability of complementary and substitute materials. although we enter into commodities purchase agreements from time to time and sometimes use derivative instruments to seek to manage our risk, we cannot ensure that our current suppliers of raw materials will be able to supply us with sufficient quantities at reasonable prices. economic, financial, and operational factors, including strikes or labor shortages, as well as governmental action, could impact our suppliers, thereby causing supply shortages. increases in raw material costs, including potential increases due to tariffs, sanctions, or other trade actions, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. in the americas, europe and asia, some contracts do not allow us to pass along increased raw material costs and we generally use derivative agreements to seek to manage this risk. our hedging procedures may be insufficient and our results could be materially impacted if costs of materials increase. due to the fixed-price contracts and derivative activities, while increasing raw material costs may not impact our near-term profitability, increased prices could decrease our sales volume over time.
we use estimates in accounting for many of our programs in our aerospace business, and changes in our estimates could adversely affect our future financial results.
we account for sales and profits on a portion of long-term contracts in our aerospace business in accordance with the percentage-of-completion method of accounting, using the cost-to-cost method to account for updates in estimates. the percentage-of-completion method of accounting involves the use of various estimating techniques to project revenues and costs at completion and various assumptions and projections relative to the outcome of future events, including the quantity and timing of product deliveries, future labor performance and rates, and material and overhead costs. these assumptions involve various levels of expected performance improvements. under the cost-to-cost method, the impact of updates in our estimates related to units shipped to date or progress made to date is recognized immediately.
14
given the significance of the judgments and estimates described above, it is likely that we could record materially different amounts if we used different assumptions or if the underlying circumstances or estimates were to change.
our backlog includes both cost-type and fixed-price contracts. cost-type contracts generally have lower profit margins than fixed-price contracts. our earnings and margins may vary depending on the types of government contracts undertaken, the nature of the work performed under those contracts, the costs incurred in performing the work, the achievement of other performance objectives and their impact on our ability to receive fees. the fixed-price contracts could subject us to losses if we have cost overruns or if increases in our costs exceed the applicable escalation rate.
net earnings and net assets could be materially affected by an impairment of goodwill.
we have a significant amount of goodwill recorded on our consolidated balance sheet as of december 31, 2020. we are required at least annually to test the recoverability of goodwill. the recoverability test of goodwill is based on the current fair value of our identified reporting units. fair value measurement requires assumptions and estimates of many critical factors, including revenue and market growth, operating cash flows and discount rates. if general market conditions deteriorate in portions of our business, we could experience a significant decline in the fair value of our reporting units. this decline could lead to an impairment of all or a significant portion of the goodwill balance, which could materially affect our u.s. gaap net earnings and net assets.
if the investments in ball's pension plans, or in the multi-employer pension plans in which ball participates, do not perform as expected, we may have to contribute additional amounts to the plans, which would otherwise be available for other general corporate purposes.
ball maintains defined benefit pension plans covering substantially all of its employees in the united states and a significant number of united kingdom deferred and retired participants, which are funded based on certain actuarial assumptions. the plans' assets consist primarily of common stocks, fixed-income securities and, in the u.s., alternative investments. market declines, longevity increases or legislative changes, such as the pension protection act in the u.s., could result in a prospective decrease in our available cash flow and net earnings over time, and the recognition of an increase in our pension obligations could result in a reduction to our shareholders' equity. additional risks exist related to the company's participation in multi-employer pension plans. assets contributed to a multi-employer pension plan by one employer may be used to provide benefits to employees of other participating employers. if a participating employer in a multi-employer pension plan stops contributing to the plan, the unfunded obligations of the plan may be borne by the remaining participants. this could result in increases to our contributions to the plans as well as pension expense.
restricted access to capital markets could adversely affect our short-term liquidity and prevent us from fulfilling our obligations under the notes issued pursuant to our bond indentures.
a reduction in global market liquidity could:
●   restrict our ability to fund working capital, capital expenditures, research and development expenditures and other business activities;

●   increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions, including the credit risks stemming from the economic environment;

●   limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our businesses and the industries in which we operate;

●   restrict us from making strategic acquisitions or exploiting business opportunities; and

●   limit, along with the financial and other restrictive covenants in our debt, among other things, our ability to borrow additional funds, dispose of assets, pay cash dividends or refinance debt maturities.

if market interest rates increase, our variable-rate debt will create higher debt service requirements, which adversely affects our cash flows. while we sometimes enter into agreements limiting our exposure, any such agreements may not offer complete protection from this risk.
15
the global credit, financial and economic environment could have a negative impact on our results of operations, financial position or cash flows.
the overall credit, financial and economic environment could have significant negative effects on our operations, including:
●   the creditworthiness of customers, suppliers and counterparties could deteriorate resulting in a financial loss or a disruption in our supply of raw materials;

●   volatile market performance could affect the fair value of our pension assets, potentially requiring us to make significant additional contributions to our defined benefit pension plans to maintain prescribed funding levels;

●   a significant weakening of our financial position or operating results could result in noncompliance with our debt covenants; and

●   reduced cash flows from our operations could adversely affect our ability to execute our long-term strategy to increase liquidity, reduce debt, repurchase our stock and invest in our businesses.

changes in u.s. generally accepted accounting principles (u.s. gaap) and sec rules and regulations could materially impact our reported results.
u.s. gaap and sec accounting and reporting changes are common and have become more frequent and significant over the past several years. these changes could have significant effects on our reported results when compared to prior periods and other companies and may even require us to retrospectively adjust prior periods. additionally, material changes to the presentation of transactions in the consolidated financial statements could impact key ratios that analysts and credit rating agencies use to rate ball and ultimately impact our ability to access the credit markets in an efficient manner.
a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting could, if not remediated, result in material misstatements in our financial statements.
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in rule 13a-15(f) under the securities exchange act. a material weakness is defined as a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. if a material weakness is identified, management could conclude that internal control over financial reporting is not effective based on criteria set forth by the committee of sponsoring organization of the treadway commission in "internal control-an integrated framework (2013)." if a material weakness is identified, a remediation plan would be designed to address the material weakness. if remedial measures are insufficient to address the material weakness, or if additional material weaknesses in internal control are discovered or occur in the future, our consolidated financial statements may contain material misstatements and we could be required to restate our financial results. as of december 31, 2020, the company had no material weaknesses.
we face risks related to health epidemics, pandemics and other outbreaks, including the current covid-19 pandemic, which could adversely affect our business.
the circumstances of the current covid-19 pandemic and responses thereto continue to evolve. the products produced and services provided by ball have been deemed essential and, as a result, relevant governments around the world have allowed our operations to continue through this crisis. additionally, overall demand for our aluminum beverage cans has remained high and has increased during the pandemic. however, covid-19 could give rise to circumstances that cause one or more of the following risk factors to occur:
●   we could lose key customers, customers could become insolvent or have a reduction in demand for our products and services;

●   we could be subject to changes in laws and governmental regulations that adversely affect our business and operations;

●   we could be subject to adverse fluctuations in currency exchange rates;

●   we might lose key management and operating personnel;

●   we may be subject to disruptions in the supply or price of our raw materials;

●   we may face prolonged work stoppages at our facilities;

16
●   we may be impacted by government budget constraints or government shutdowns;

●   our pension plan investments may not perform as expected, and we may be required to make additional contributions to our pension plans which would otherwise be available for other general corporate purposes;

●   our access to capital markets may be restricted, which could adversely affect our short-term liquidity and prevent us from fulfilling our obligations under the notes issued pursuant to our bond indentures;

●   we may be subject to increased information technology (it) security threats and reduced network access availability;

●   our operations and those of our principal customers and suppliers could be designated as non-essential in key markets; and

●   a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting or a material misstatement in our financial statements could occur.

because the covid-19 pandemic is far-reaching and its impacts cannot be completely anticipated, additional risks may arise that could materially impact the company's financial results and liquidity.
the company has or may implement actions to minimize the risks and associated negative effects from covid-19, which do not guarantee the prevention or mitigation of material impacts on our business. some of these actions may include, and are not limited to:
●   implementing alternative work arrangements including work from home;

●   limiting or eliminating work-related travel;

●   effecting a full or partial shut-down of operations;

●   enhancing the cleaning and disinfecting of our physical locations;

●   implementing health screening for employees and third parties who enter our facilities;

●   adjusting inventory levels to mitigate potential supply disruptions;

●   modifying payment terms with customers;

●   providing additional health-related services to our employees;

●   reducing compensation for our employees;

●   reducing our workforce levels;

●   modifying our debt arrangements; and

●   adjusting contributions to defined benefit pension plans or income tax payments.

governmental and regulatory risks changes in laws and governmental regulations may adversely affect our business and operations.
we and our customers and suppliers are subject to various federal, state, provincial and local laws and regulations, which have been increasing in number and complexity. each of our, and their, facilities is subject to federal, state, provincial and local licensing and regulation by health, environmental, workplace safety and other agencies in multiple jurisdictions. requirements of worldwide governmental authorities with respect to manufacturing, manufacturing facility locations within the jurisdiction, product content and safety, climate change, workplace safety and health, environmental, expropriation of assets and other standards could adversely affect our ability to manufacture or sell our products, and the ability of our customers and suppliers to manufacture and sell their products. in addition, we face risks arising from compliance with and enforcement of numerous and complex federal, state, provincial and local laws and regulations.
17
enacted regulatory developments regarding the reporting and use of "conflict minerals" mined from the democratic republic of the congo and adjoining countries could affect the sourcing, availability and price of minerals used in the manufacture of certain of our products. as a result, there may only be a limited pool of suppliers who provide conflict-free materials, and we cannot give assurance that we will be able to obtain such products in sufficient quantities or at competitive prices. also, because our supply chains are complex, we may face reputational challenges with our customers and other stakeholders if we are unable to sufficiently verify the origins of all materials used in the products that we sell. the compliance and reporting aspects of these regulations may result in incremental costs to the company. while deposit systems and other container-related legislation have been adopted in some jurisdictions, similar legislation has been defeated in public referenda and legislative bodies in many others. we anticipate that continuing efforts will be made to consider and adopt such legislation in the future. the packages we produce are widely used and perform well in u.s. states, canadian provinces and european countries that have deposit systems, as well as in other countries worldwide.
significant environmental, employment-related and other legislation and regulatory requirements exist and are also evolving. the compliance costs associated with current and proposed laws and potential regulations could be substantial, and any failure or alleged failure to comply with these laws or regulations could lead to litigation or governmental action, all of which could adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations.
our aerospace segment is subject to certain risks specific to that business.
in our aerospace business, u.s. government contracts are subject to reduction or modification in the event of changes in requirements, and the government may also terminate contracts at its convenience pursuant to standard termination provisions. in such instances, ball may be entitled to reimbursement for allowable costs and profits on authorized work that has been performed through the date of termination.
in addition, budgetary constraints and government shutdowns may result in further reductions to projected spending levels by the u.s. government. in particular, government expenditures are subject to the potential for automatic reductions, generally referred to as "sequestration." sequestration may occur in any given year, resulting in significant additional reductions to spending by various u.s. government defense and aerospace agencies on both existing and new contracts, as well as the disruption of ongoing programs. even if sequestration does not occur, we expect that budgetary constraints and ongoing concerns regarding the u.s. national debt will continue to place downward pressure on agency spending levels. due to these and other factors, overall spending on various programs could decline, which could result in significant reductions to revenue, cash flows, net earnings and backlog primarily in our aerospace segment.
as a u.s. government contractor, we could be adversely affected by changes in regulations or any negative findings from a u.s. government audit or investigation.
our aerospace business operates in a highly regulated environment and is routinely audited and reviewed by the u.s. government and its agencies, such as the defense contract audit agency (dcaa) and defense contract management agency (dcma). these agencies review performance under our contracts, our cost structure and our compliance with applicable laws, regulations and standards, as well as the adequacy of, and our compliance with, our internal control systems and policies. business systems that are subject to review under the dod federal acquisition regulation supplement (dfars) are purchasing, estimating, material management and accounting, as well as property and earned value management. any costs ultimately found to be unallowable or improperly allocated to a specific contract will not be reimbursed or must be refunded if already reimbursed. if an audit uncovers improper or illegal activities, we may be subject to civil and criminal penalties, sanctions or suspension or debarment from doing business with the u.s. government. whether or not illegal activities are alleged, the u.s. government also has the ability to decrease or withhold certain payments when it deems systems subject to its review to be inadequate. if such actions were to result in suspension or debarment, this could have a material adverse effect on our business.
18
our business faces the potential of increased regulation on some of the raw materials utilized in our packaging operations.
our operations are subject to federal, state, provincial and local laws and regulations in multiple jurisdictions relating to some of the raw materials, including epoxy-based coatings utilized in our container making process. epoxy-based coatings may contain bisphenol-a (bpa). scientific evidence evaluated by regulatory agencies in the u.s., canada, europe, japan, australia and new zealand has consistently shown these coatings to be safe for food contact at current levels, and these regulatory agencies have stated that human exposure to bpa from epoxy-based container coatings is well below safe exposure limits set by government bodies worldwide. a significant change in these regulatory agency statements, adverse information concerning bpa or other chemicals present in our coatings, or rulings made within certain federal, state, provincial and local jurisdictions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. ball recognizes that significant interest exists in non-epoxy based coatings, and we have been proactively working with coatings suppliers and our customers to transition to alternative coatings.
earnings and cash flows can be impacted by changes in tax laws.
as a u.s.-based multinational business, the company is subject to income tax in the u.s. and numerous jurisdictions outside the u.s. the relevant tax rules and regulations are complex, often changing and, in some cases, are interdependent. if these or other tax rules and regulations should change, the company's earnings and cash flows could be impacted.
in particular, the changes proposed by the new u.s. administration, including increasing the u.s. corporate income tax rate from 21 percent to 28 percent, doubling the rate of tax on certain earnings of non-u.s. subsidiaries and the imposition of a 15 percent minimum tax on worldwide book income, could materially affect the company's financial results if enacted.
the company's worldwide provision for income taxes is determined, in part, through the use of significant estimates and judgments. numerous transactions arise in the ordinary course of business where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. the company undergoes tax examinations by various worldwide tax authorities on a regular basis. while the company believes its estimates of its tax obligations are reasonable, the final outcome after the conclusion of any tax examinations and any litigation could be materially different from what has been reflected in the company's historical financial statements.
significant developments stemming from the u.k.'s withdrawal from the e.u. could have a material adverse effect on us.
the united kingdom formally withdrew from the european union on january 31, 2020, and entered into the e.u.-uk trade and cooperation agreement on december 24, 2020. our businesses could be affected in a number of ways, such as supply chain constraints including delays in importing and exporting products into and out of the u.k., increased material costs due to rising tariffs, effects on employee mobility and increased costs of doing business in the u.k.
the withdrawal of the u.k. from the e.u., along with other events that could occur in the future, may cause significant volatility in global financial markets, including in global currency and debt markets. these developments could cause a slowdown in economic activity in the u.k., europe or globally, which could adversely affect our operating results and growth prospects. these possible negative impacts, and others resulting from the u.k.'s withdrawal from the e.u., may adversely affect our operating results and growth prospects.
technological risks decreases in our ability to develop or apply new technology and know-how may affect our competitiveness.
our success depends partially on our ability to improve production processes and services. we must also introduce new products and services to meet changing customer needs. if we are unable to implement better production processes or to develop new products through research and development or licensing of new technology, we may not be able to remain competitive with other manufacturers. as a result, our business, financial condition, cash flows or results of operations could be adversely affected.
19
increased information technology (it) security threats and more sophisticated and targeted computer crime could pose a risk to our systems, networks, products, solutions and services.
the company's it systems, or any third party's system on which the company relies, could fail on their own accord or may be vulnerable to a variety of interruptions or shutdowns, including interruptions or shutdowns due to natural disasters, power outages or telecommunications failures, terrorist attacks or failures during the process of upgrading or replacing software or hardware. increased global it security threats and more sophisticated and targeted computer crime also pose a risk to the security of our systems and networks and the confidentiality, availability and integrity of our data. as a provider of products and services to government and commercial customers, our aerospace business in particular may be the target of cyber-attacks, including attempts to gain unauthorized access to classified or sensitive information and networks. the company has a number of shared service centers where many of the company's it systems are concentrated and any disruption at such a location could impact the company's business within the operating zones served by the impacted service center.
while we attempt to mitigate all of these risks by employing a number of measures, including employee training, comprehensive monitoring of our networks and systems, and maintenance of backup and protective systems, our systems, networks, products, solutions and services remain potentially vulnerable to advanced persistent threats or other it disruptions. depending on their nature and scope, such threats could potentially lead to the compromise of confidential information, improper use of our systems and networks, manipulation and destruction of data, defective products, harm to individuals or property, contractual or regulatory actions and fines, penalties and potential liabilities, production downtimes and operational disruptions, which in turn could adversely affect our reputation, competitiveness and results of operations. data privacy and protection laws are evolving and present increasing compliance challenges, which may increase our costs, affect our competitiveness and could expose us to substantial fines or other penalties. in addition, a security breach that involves classified or other sensitive government information could subject us to civil or criminal penalties and could result in the loss of our secure facility clearance and other accreditation, loss of our government contracts, loss of access to classified information or debarment as a government contractor.
human capital risks if we fail to retain key management and personnel, we may be unable to implement our key objectives.
we believe our future success depends, in part, on our experienced management team. unforeseen losses of key members of our management team without appropriate succession and/or compensation planning could make it difficult for us to manage our business and meet our objectives.
prolonged work stoppages at facilities with union employees could jeopardize our financial position.
as of december 31, 2020, 12 percent of our north american employees and 54 percent of our european employees were covered by collective bargaining agreements. these collective bargaining agreements have staggered expirations during the next several years. although we consider our employee relations to be generally good, a prolonged work stoppage or strike at any facility with union employees could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows or results of operations. in addition, we cannot ensure that upon the expiration of existing collective bargaining agreements, new agreements will be reached without union action or that any such new agreements will be on terms satisfactory to us.
environmental risks adverse weather and climate changes may result in lower sales.
we manufacture packaging products primarily for beverages. unseasonable weather can reduce demand for certain beverages packaged in our containers. climate change and the increasing frequency of severe weather events could have various effects on the demand for our products, our supply chain and the costs of inputs to our production and delivery of products in different regions around the world. our plants' production may be prevented or curtailed due to severe or unanticipated weather and climate events.
20
our business is subject to substantial environmental remediation and compliance costs.
our operations are subject to federal, state, provincial and local laws and regulations in multiple jurisdictions relating to environmental hazards, such as emissions to air, discharges to water, the handling and disposal of hazardous and solid wastes and the clean-up of hazardous substances. we have been designated, along with numerous other companies, as a potentially responsible party for the clean-up of several hazardous waste sites. additionally, there is increased focus on the regulation of greenhouse gas emissions and other environmental issues worldwide. we strive to mitigate such risks related to environmental issues, including through the purchase of renewable energy, the adoption of sustainable practices, and by positioning ourselves as a sustainability leader in our industry.
item 7.  management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations management's discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k (annual report), which include additional information about our accounting policies, practices and the transactions underlying our financial results. the preparation of our consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america (u.s. gaap) requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts in our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes, including various claims and contingencies related to lawsuits, taxes, environmental and other matters arising during the normal course of business. we apply our best judgment, our knowledge of existing facts and circumstances and actions that we may undertake in the future in determining the estimates that affect our consolidated financial statements. we evaluate our estimates on an ongoing basis using our historical experience, as well as other factors we believe appropriate under the circumstances, such as current economic conditions, and adjust or revise our estimates as circumstances change. as future events and their effects cannot be determined with precision, actual results may differ from these estimates. ball corporation and its subsidiaries are referred to collectively as "ball corporation," "ball," "the company," "we" or "our" in the following discussion and analysis.
overview business overview and industry trends ball corporation is one of the world's leading aluminum packaging suppliers. our packaging products are produced for a variety of end uses, are manufactured in facilities around the world and are competitive with other substrates, such as plastics and glass. in the aluminum packaging industry, sales and earnings can be increased by reducing costs, increasing prices, developing new products, expanding volumes and making strategic acquisitions. we also provide aerospace and other technologies and services to governmental and commercial customers, including national defense hardware, antenna and video tactical solutions, civil and operational space hardware and system engineering services.
we sell our aluminum packaging products mainly to large, multinational beverage, personal care and household products companies with which we have developed long-term relationships. this is evidenced by our high customer retention and our large number of long-term supply contracts. while we have a diversified customer base, we sell a significant portion of our packaging products to major companies and brands, as well as to numerous regional customers. the overall global aluminum beverage and aerosol container industries are growing and are expected to continue to grow in the medium to long term. the primary customers for the products and services provided by our aerospace segment are u.s. government agencies or their prime contractors.
we purchase our raw materials from relatively few suppliers. we also have exposure to inflation, in particular the rising costs of raw materials, as well as other direct cost inputs. we mitigate our exposure to the changes in the costs of aluminum through the inclusion of provisions in contracts covering the majority of our volumes to pass through aluminum price changes, as well as through the use of derivative instruments. the pass-through provisions generally result in proportional increases or decreases in sales and costs with a greatly reduced impact, if any, on net earnings. because of our customer and supplier concentration, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected by the loss, insolvency or bankruptcy of a major customer or supplier or a change in a supply agreement with a major customer or supplier, although our contract provisions generally mitigate the risk of customer loss, and our long-term relationships represent a known, stable customer base.
the majority of our aerospace business involves work under contracts, generally from one to five years in duration, as a prime contractor or subcontractor for various u.s. government agencies. intense competition and long operating cycles are key characteristics of the company's aerospace and defense industry where it is common for work on major programs to be shared among a number of companies. a company competing to be a prime contractor may, upon ultimate award of the contract to a competitor, become a subcontractor for the ultimate prime contracting company.
25
corporate strategy our drive for 10 vision encompasses five strategic levers that are key to growing our business and achieving long-term success. since launching drive for 10 in 2011, we have made progress on each of the levers as follows:
●   maximizing value in our existing businesses by expanding specialty container production across our global plant network to meet current demand and improving efficiencies in our beverage container and end facilities in north america, south america and europe; leveraging plant floor and integrated planning systems to reduce costs and manage contractual provisions across our diverse customer base; successfully acquiring and integrating a large global aluminum beverage business and regional aluminum aerosol facility while also divesting underperforming steel food and steel aerosol packaging assets in north and south america and four beverage packaging facilities in china; and in the remaining aluminum aerosol business, installing new extruded aluminum aerosol lines in our european, mexican and indian facilities while also implementing cost-out and value-in initiatives across all of our businesses;

●   expanding further into new products and capabilities through commercializing our new lightweight, infinitely recyclable aluminum cup and providing next-generation extruded aluminum aerosol packaging that utilizes proprietary technology to significantly lightweight the can; and successfully introducing new specialty beverage cans and aluminum bottle-shaping technology;

●   aligning ourselves with the right customers and markets by investing capital to meet continued growth for specialty beverage containers throughout our global network, which represent approximately 45 percent of our global beverage packaging mix; aligning with spiked seltzer and craft brewers, sparkling and still water fillers, wine producers and other new beverage producers who continue to use aluminum beverage containers to grow their business; and in our new aluminum cup business, utilizing online platforms and north american retailers to provide infinitely recyclable aluminum cups directly to consumers;

●   broadening our geographic reach with our acquisition of rexam and our new investments in beverage manufacturing facilities in the united states, brazil, paraguay, spain, mexico, myanmar and panama, as well as an extruded aluminum aerosol manufacturing facility in india and successful start-up of a dedicated aluminum cup manufacturing facility in the u.s.; and

●   leveraging our technological expertise in packaging innovation, including the introduction of our new proprietary, brandable lightweight aluminum cup and providing next-generation aluminum bottle-shaping technologies and the increased production of lightweight real® containers, which utilize technology that increases the strength of aluminum used in the manufacturing process while lightweighting the can by up to 20 percent over a standard aluminum aerosol can, as well as our investment in cyber, data analytics methane monitoring, 5g and lidar capabilities to further enhance our aerospace technical expertise across a broader customer portfolio.

these ongoing business developments help us stay close to our customers while expanding and/or sustaining our industry positions and global reach with major beverage, personal care, household products and aerospace customers. in order to successfully execute our strategy and reach our goals, we realize the importance of excelling in the following areas: customer focus, operational excellence, innovation and business development, people and culture focus and sustainability.
26
results of operations management's discussion and analysis for our results of operations on a consolidated and segment basis include a quantification of factors that had a material impact. other factors that did not have a material impact, but that are significant to understand the results, are qualitatively described.
refer to item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations of the company's annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2019, filed on february 19, 2020, for a comparison of our 2019 results of operations to the 2018 results. prior forms 10-k have not been restated to reflect changes to ball's internal reporting structure that were effective january 1, 2020.
novel coronavirus (covid-19)
the novel coronavirus (covid-19) had a material effect upon the global business environment during the year ended december 31, 2020. ball provides key products and services to the consumer beverage and household markets and the u.s. aerospace markets and, consequently, the operations of ball and of its principal customers and suppliers have been designated as essential across our key markets. this designation allowed ball to operate its manufacturing facilities throughout 2020, and it is expected that ball will continue to operate its facilities without disruption in the foreseeable future. however, countries around the globe have issued stay-at-home orders and mandated operational closures of non-essential businesses, which has impacted certain of our customers by constraining some supply of products to certain consumers. the risks that covid-19 continues to present to ball's business have been outlined in item 1. risk factors and note 1 to the consolidated financial statements within item 8 of this annual report.
consolidated sales and earnings

years ended december 31,
($ in millions)                                                     2020            2019              2018
net sales                                                               $11,781           $11,474           $11,635
net earnings attributable to ball corporation                                 585               566               454
net earnings attributable to ball corporation as a % of net sales               5   %             5   %             4   %
sales in 2020 were $307 million higher compared to 2019 primarily as a result of increased sales volumes in our beverage packaging segments and increased sales in our aerospace segment, partially offset by the pass through of lower aluminum prices, the sale of the china beverage packaging can business in the third quarter of 2019 and the sale of the argentine steel aerosol business in the fourth quarter of 2019.
net earnings attributable to ball corporation in 2020 were $19 million higher than 2019 primarily due to higher comparable operating earnings for reportable segments and lower interest expense, partially offset by higher business consolidation and debt refinancing costs and a higher effective tax rate.
cost of sales (excluding depreciation and amortization)
cost of sales, excluding depreciation and amortization, was $9,323 million in 2020 compared to $9,203 million in 2019. these amounts represented 79 percent and 80 percent of consolidated net sales for the years ended 2020 and 2019, respectively.
depreciation and amortization depreciation and amortization expense was $668 million in 2020 compared to $678 million in 2019. these amounts represented 6 percent of consolidated net sales for the years ended 2020 and 2019. amortization expense in 2020 and 2019 included $150 million and $155 million, respectively, for the amortization of acquired rexam intangibles.
27
selling, general and administrative selling, general and administrative (sg&a) expenses were $525 million in 2020 compared to $417 million in 2019. these amounts represented 4 percent of consolidated net sales for both years. personnel and other costs increased year over year to support growth investments.
business consolidation costs and other activities business consolidation costs and other activities were $262 million in 2020 compared to $244 million in 2019. these amounts represented 2 percent of consolidated net sales for both years.
interest expense total interest expense was $316 million in 2020 compared to $324 million in 2019. interest expense, excluding the effect of debt refinancing and other costs, as a percentage of average borrowings decreased by approximately 85 basis points from 4.4 percent in 2019 to 3.5 percent in 2020 due to the drop in global interest rates.
tax provision the company's effective tax rate is affected by recurring items such as income earned in foreign jurisdictions with tax rates that differ from the u.s. tax rate and by discrete items that may occur in any given year but are not consistent from year to year.
the 2020 effective income tax rate was 14.4 percent compared to 11.7 percent for 2019. as compared with the statutory u.s. federal income tax rate of 21 percent, the 2020 effective rate was reduced by 6.8 percent for equity compensation benefits, by 5.7 percent for the impact of the u.s. r&d credit and by 2 percent for various uncertain tax positions. these reductions were partially offset by an increase of 3.4 percent for the impact of foreign exchange fluctuations on certain deferred tax assets. while these items are expected to recur, the potential magnitude of each item is uncertain.
the 2020 effective income tax rate was also increased by 2.6 percent for enacted changes to tax rates in the uk and by 2.3 percent for the impact of non-deductible goodwill. these items are not expected to recur.
further details of taxes on income are included in note 16 to the consolidated financial statements within item 8 of this annual report.
results of business segments segment results ball's operations are organized and reviewed by management along its product lines and geographical areas, and its operating results are presented in the four reportable segments discussed below. effective january 1, 2020, ball implemented changes to its management and internal reporting structure for cost reduction and operational efficiency purposes. as a result of these changes, the company's plants in cairo, egypt, and manisa, turkey, are now included in the beverage packaging, europe, middle east and africa (beverage packaging, emea), segment. in addition, the company's operations in india and saudi arabia are now combined with the former non-reportable beverage packaging, asia pacific, operating segment as a new non-reportable beverage packaging, other, operating segment. the company's segment results and disclosures for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, have been retrospectively adjusted to conform to the current year presentation.
28
beverage packaging, north and central america

years ended december 31,
($ in millions)                                                 2020         2019               2018
net sales                                                       $5,076             $4,758             $4,626
comparable operating earnings                                          683                555                551
business consolidation and other activities (a)                        (5)               (14)                (6)
amortization of acquired rexam intangibles                            (27)               (29)               (31)
total segment earnings                                          $651               $512               $514
comparable operating earnings as a % of segment net sales               13   %             12   %             12   %
(a)   further details of these items are included in note 6 to the consolidated financial statements within item 8 of this annual report.

segment sales in 2020 were $318 million higher compared to 2019. the increase in 2020 was primarily due to higher volumes, higher specialty mix and improved customer contractual terms, partially offset by lower aluminum prices. we cannot predict the impact on sales that will result from future changes in aluminum input prices.
comparable operating earnings in 2020 were $128 million higher compared to 2019 primarily due to higher sales volumes, higher specialty mix, benefits from improved customer contractual terms and improved operating performance, partially offset by increased capacity expansion and labor costs.
beverage packaging, emea

years ended december 31,
($ in millions)                                             2020         2019               2018
net sales                                                   $2,945             $2,857             $2,809
comparable operating earnings                                      354                351                328
business consolidation and other activities (a)                   (10)               (39)               (49)
amortization of acquired rexam intangibles                        (64)               (67)               (73)
total segment earnings                                      $280               $245               $206
comparable operating earnings as a % of segment net sales           12   %             12   %             12   %
(a)   further details of these items are included in note 6 to the consolidated financial statements within item 8 of this annual report.

segment sales in 2020 were $88 million higher compared to 2019. the increase in 2020 was primarily due to higher sales volumes and improved customer and specialty mix, partially offset by the pass through of lower aluminum prices.
comparable operating earnings in 2020 were $3 million higher compared to 2019 primarily due to higher sales volumes and improved customer and specialty mix, partially offset by higher labor and warehousing costs and intermittent production line downtime during the second quarter of 2020.
29
beverage packaging, south america

years ended december 31,
($ in millions)                                                 2020         2019               2018
net sales                                                       $1,695             $1,670             $1,701
comparable operating earnings                                          280                288                313
business consolidation and other activities (a)                          1                 15                 11
amortization of acquired rexam intangibles                            (55)               (56)               (56)
total segment earnings                                          $226               $247               $268
comparable operating earnings as a % of segment net sales               17   %             17   %             18   %
(a)   further details of these items are included in note 6 to the consolidated financial statements within item 8 of this annual report.

segment sales in 2020 were $25 million higher compared to 2019. the increase in 2020 was primarily related to higher volumes, partially offset by regional pricing and the pass through of lower aluminum prices.
comparable operating earnings in 2020 were $8 million lower compared to 2019 primarily related to adverse cost absorption due to intermittent production line downtime in the second quarter of 2020 and regional pricing, partially offset by increased sales volumes.
aerospace

years ended december 31,
($ in millions)                                             2020        2019              2018
net sales                                                   $1,741            $1,479            $1,196
comparable operating earnings                                     153               140               113
comparable operating earnings as a % of segment net sales           9   %             9   %             9   %
segment sales in 2020 were $262 million higher compared to 2019, and comparable operating earnings were $13 million higher. the increase in sales and operating earnings for 2020 was primarily the result of increases from significant u.s. national defense contracts.
sales to the u.s. government, either directly as a prime contractor or indirectly as a subcontractor, represented 97 percent of segment sales in 2020 compared to 98 percent of segment sales in 2019. the aerospace contract mix in 2020 consisted of 49 percent cost-type contracts, which are billed at our costs plus an agreed-upon and/or earned profit component, and 48 percent fixed-price contracts. the remaining sales were for time and materials contracts.
contracted backlog for the aerospace segment at december 31, 2020 and 2019, was $2.4 billion and $2.5 billion, respectively. the segment has numerous outstanding bids for future contract awards. the backlog at december 31, 2020, consisted of 42 percent cost-type contracts. comparisons of backlog are not necessarily indicative of the trend of future operations due to the nature of varying delivery and milestone schedules on contracts, funding of programs and the uncertainty of timing of future contract awards.
30
management performance measures management internally uses various measures to evaluate company performance, including comparable operating earnings (earnings before interest, taxes and business consolidation and other non-comparable costs); comparable net earnings (earnings before business consolidation costs and other non-comparable costs after tax); comparable diluted earnings per share (comparable net earnings divided by diluted weighted average shares outstanding); return on average invested capital (net operating earnings after tax over the relevant performance period divided by average invested capital over the same period); economic value added (eva®) dollars (net operating earnings after tax less a capital charge on average invested capital employed); earnings before interest and taxes (ebit); earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (ebitda); and diluted earnings per share. in addition, management uses free cash flow (generally defined by the company as cash flow from operating activities less capital expenditures) as a measure to evaluate the company's liquidity. we believe this information is also useful to investors as it provides insight into the earnings and cash flow criteria that management uses to make strategic decisions. these financial measures may be adjusted at times for items that affect comparability between periods such as business consolidation costs and gains or losses on acquisitions and dispositions.
nonfinancial measures in the packaging businesses include production efficiency and spoilage rates; quality control figures; environmental, health and safety statistics; production and sales volumes; asset utilization rates; and measures of sustainability. additional measures used to evaluate financial performance in the aerospace segment include contract revenue realization, award and incentive fees realized, proposal win rates and backlog (including awarded, contracted and funded backlog).
many of the above noted financial measurements are presented on a non-u.s. gaap basis and should be considered in connection with the consolidated financial statements within item 8 of this annual report. non-u.s. gaap measures should not be considered in isolation, nor should they not be considered superior to, or a substitute for, financial measures calculated in accordance with u.s. gaap. a presentation of earnings in accordance with u.s. gaap is available in item 8 of this annual report.
based on the above definitions, our calculations of comparable operating earnings, comparable net earnings, comparable diluted earnings per share and free cash flow are summarized as follows:

years ended december 31,
($ in millions)                                                            2020                      2019              2018
net earnings attributable to ball corporation                              $585                $566               $454
net earnings (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests, net of tax           (3)               (30)               (1)
net earnings                                                                       582                536               453
equity in results of affiliates, net of tax                                          6                  1               (5)
tax provision (benefit)                                                             99                 71               185
earnings before taxes, as reported                                                 687                608               633
total interest expense                                                             316                324               302
earnings before interest and taxes                                               1,003                932               935
business consolidation and other activities                                        262                244               191
amortization of acquired rexam intangibles                                         150                155               164
comparable operating earnings                                              $1,415              $1,331             $1,290
31

years ended december 31,
($ in millions, except per share amounts)                                                           2020                         2019               2018
net earnings attributable to ball corporation                                                           $585               $566               $454
business consolidation and other activities                                                                    262                244                191
amortization of acquired rexam intangibles                                                                     150                155                164
share of equity method affiliate non-comparable costs, net of tax                                               31                 16                  8
debt refinancing and other costs                                                                                41                  7                  1
impact of u.s. tax reform                                                                                        -                  -               (45)
non-controlling interest share of non-comparable costs, net of tax                                               1               (32)                  -
noncomparable taxes                                                                                           (83)               (95)                  2
net earnings attributable to ball corporation before above transactions (comparable net earnings)       $987               $861               $775
diluted earnings per share                                                                              $1.76              $1.66              $1.29
comparable diluted earnings per share                                                                   $2.97              $2.53              $2.20
critical and significant accounting policies and new accounting pronouncements for information regarding the company's critical and significant accounting policies, as well as recent accounting pronouncements, see notes 1 and 2 to the consolidated financial statements within item 8 of this annual report.
financial condition, liquidity and capital resources cash flows and capital expenditures our primary sources of liquidity are cash provided by operating activities and external borrowings. we believe that cash flows from operating activities and cash provided by short-term, long-term and committed revolver borrowings, when necessary, will be sufficient to meet our ongoing operating requirements, scheduled principal and interest payments on debt, dividend payments, anticipated share repurchases and anticipated capital expenditures. we have no debt maturities until 2022, our senior credit facilities are in place until 2024 and we are focused in the near term on maintaining liquidity and flexibility in the current economic environment. the following table summarizes our cash flows:

years ended december 31,
($ in millions)                                         2020            2019                2018
cash flows provided by (used in) operating activities   $1,432                $1,548              $1,566
cash flows provided by (used in) investing activities         (1,181)               (422)                 (206)
cash flows provided by (used in) financing activities           (602)                (46)               (1,040)
cash flows provided by operating activities were $116 million lower in 2020 compared to 2019, primarily due to higher working capital outflows of $106 million in 2020 compared to inflows of $236 million in 2019, partially offset by lower pension contributions. the higher working capital outflows in 2020 resulted from seasonal working capital build which was more sizeable than typical due largely to the timing of aluminum payments in the first quarter, increased personnel costs to support growth and a proportionally larger increase in days sales outstanding as compared to days payable outstanding. in comparison to the same period of 2019, our working capital movements reflect an increase of days sales outstanding from 38 days in 2019 to 42 days in 2020 and an increase of inventory days on hand from 48 days in 2019 to 50 days in 2020, partially offset by an increase of days payable outstanding from 118 days in 2019 to 128 days in 2020.
cash outflows from investing activities increased by $759 million from $422 million in 2019 to $1,181 million in 2020. this predominantly reflected a $515 million increase in capital expenditures for large growth projects, a $160 million inflow from the 2019 sale of the steel food and steel aerosol business and a $69 million outflow for the 2020 acquisition of the brazil aluminum aerosol packaging business.
32
cash outflows from financing activities increased by $556 million from $46 million in 2019 to $602 million in 2020, primarily related to total debt activity changing from net borrowings of $1.1 billion in 2019 to net repayments of $262 million in 2020, partially offset by a reduction in net share repurchases from $945 million in 2019 to $75 million in 2020.
we have entered into several regional committed and uncommitted accounts receivable factoring programs with various financial institutions for certain of our accounts receivable. programs accounted for as true sales of the receivables, without recourse to ball, had combined limits of approximately $1.6 billion and $1.4 billion at december 31, 2020, and december 31, 2019, respectively. a total of $232 million and $230 million were available for sale under these programs at december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
as of december 31, 2020, approximately $684 million of our cash was held outside of the u.s. in the event we need to utilize any of the cash held outside of the u.s. for purposes within the u.s., there are no material legal or other economic restrictions regarding the repatriation of cash from any of the countries outside the u.s. where we have cash. the company believes its u.s. operating cash flows, cash on hand, as well as availability under its long-term, revolving credit facilities, uncommitted short-term credit facilities and committed and uncommitted accounts receivable factoring programs will be sufficient to meet the cash requirements of the u.s. portion of our ongoing operations, scheduled principal and interest payments on u.s. debt, dividend payments, capital expenditures and other u.s. cash requirements. if foreign funds are needed for our u.s. cash requirements and we are unable to provide the funds through intercompany financing arrangements, we would be required to repatriate funds from foreign locations where the company has previously asserted indefinite reinvestment of funds outside the u.s.
based on its indefinite reinvestment assertion, the company has not provided deferred taxes on earnings in certain non-u.s. subsidiaries because such earnings are intended to be indefinitely reinvested in its international operations. it is not practical to estimate the additional taxes that might become payable if these earnings were remitted to the u.s.
share repurchases the company's share repurchases, net of issuances, totaled $75 million in 2020 and $945 million in 2019. the repurchases were completed using cash on hand, cash provided by operating activities, proceeds from the sale of businesses and available borrowings.
debt facilities and refinancing given our cash flow projections and unused credit facilities that are available until march 2024, our liquidity is strong and is expected to meet our ongoing cash and debt service requirements. total interest-bearing debt was $7.8 billion at both december 31, 2020 and 2019.
in the third quarter of 2020, ball issued $1.3 billion of 2.875% senior notes due in 2030. in the first quarter of 2020, ball redeemed the outstanding euro-denominated 3.50% senior notes due in 2020 in the amount of €400 million and the outstanding 4.375% senior notes due 2020 in the amount of $1 billion. we recorded debt refinancing and other costs of $41 million in 2020.
in november 2019, ball issued €1.3 billion in aggregate principal amount of 1.50% and 0.875% euro-denominated senior notes for general corporate purposes. in march 2019, the company refinanced its existing credit facilities with a u.s. dollar term loan facility, a u.s. dollar revolving facility and a multi-currency revolving facility that mature in march 2024. the revolving facilities provide the company with up to the u.s. dollar equivalent of $1.75 billion.
at december 31, 2020, taking into account outstanding letters of credit, approximately $1.7 billion was available under the company's long-term, multi-currency committed revolving credit facilities, which are available until march 2024. in addition to these facilities, the company had $1 billion of short-term uncommitted credit facilities available at december 31, 2020, of which $14 million was outstanding and due on demand.
33
while ongoing financial and economic conditions in certain areas may raise concerns about credit risk with counterparties to derivative transactions, the company mitigates its exposure by allocating the risk among various counterparties and limiting exposure to any one party. we also monitor the credit ratings of our suppliers, customers, lenders and counterparties on a regular basis.
we were in compliance with all loan agreements at december 31, 2020, and for all prior years presented, and we have met all debt payment obligations. the u.s. note agreements and bank credit agreement contain certain restrictions relating to dividends, investments, financial ratios, guarantees and the incurrence of additional indebtedness. in august 2020, we amended certain of our credit agreements, which among other things, modified the most restrictive of our debt covenants. this covenant requires us to maintain a leverage ratio (as defined) of no greater than 5.0 times, which will change to 4.5 times as of december 31, 2022. as of december 31, 2020, the company could borrow up to its limits available under the company's long-term multi-currency committed revolving facilities and short-term uncommitted credit facilities without violating our existing debt covenants. additional details about our debt are available in note 15 to the consolidated financial statements within item 8 of this annual report.
other liquidity measures free cash flow management internally uses a free cash flow measure to: (1) evaluate the company's liquidity, (2) evaluate strategic investments, (3) plan share repurchase and dividend levels and (4) evaluate the company's ability to incur and service debt. free cash flow is not a defined term under u.s. gaap, and it should not be inferred that the entire free cash flow amount is available for discretionary expenditures. the company defines free cash flow as cash flow from operating activities less capital expenditures. free cash flow is typically derived directly from the company's consolidated statement of cash flows; however, it may be adjusted for items that affect comparability between periods.
based on the above definition, our consolidated free cash flow is summarized as follows:

years ended december 31,
($ in millions)                               2020                             2019                2018
total cash provided by operating activities       $1,432                $1,548              $1,566
capital expenditures                                    (1,113)               (598)               (816)
free cash flow                                    $319                  $950                $750
based on information currently available, we estimate that cash flows from operating activities for 2021 will exceed 2020 levels and capital expenditures will exceed $1.5 billion. in 2021, we intend to utilize our operating cash flow to fund our growth capital projects, dividend payments, share repurchases, debt service requirements and, to the extent available, acquisitions that meet our rate of return criteria. approximately $1.1 billion of capital expenditures was contractually committed as of december 31, 2020.
34
commitments cash payments required for long-term debt maturities and interest payments, rental payments under noncancellable operating leases and purchase obligations in effect at december 31, 2020, are summarized in the following table:

payments due by year (a)
($ in millions)                                 total                     2021       2022-2023          2024-2025          2026 and thereafter long-term debt (b)                              $7,853             $3                $2,610             $2,515             $2,725
interest payments on long-term debt (c)                1,172               268                462                250                         192
purchase obligations (d)                              15,448             4,871              6,377              3,718                         482
lease liabilities                                        370                66                104                 63                         137
total payments on contractual obligations       $24,843            $5,208            $9,553             $6,546             $3,536
(a)   amounts reported in local currencies have been translated at year-end 2020 exchange rates.

(b)   amounts represent future cash payments due and exclude future amortization of debt issuance costs of $67 million at december 31, 2020.

(c)   for variable rate facilities, amounts are based on interest rates in effect at year end and do not contemplate the effects of any hedging instruments utilized by the company.

(d)   the company's purchase obligations include capital expenditures and contracted amounts for aluminum and other direct materials. also included are commitments for purchases of natural gas and electricity, expenses related to aerospace and technologies contracts and other less significant items. in cases where variable prices and/or usage are involved, management's best estimates have been used. depending on the circumstances, early termination of the contracts may or may not result in penalties and, therefore, actual payments could vary significantly.

the table above excludes $55 million of uncertain tax positions, as the ultimate timing of resolution for these matters is unknown at this time.
also excluded from the table above are contributions to the company's defined benefit pension plans, which are expected to be approximately $185 million in 2021 of which $157 million was paid in january 2021. this estimate may change based on changes in the pension protection act, actual plan asset performance and available company cash flow, among other factors. benefit payments related to the plans are expected to be approximately $337 million, $336 million, $339 million, $344 million and $347 million for the years ending december 31, 2021 through 2025, respectively, and approximately $1.8 billion for the years ending december 31, 2026 through 2030.
based on changes in return on asset and discount rate assumptions, as well as revisions based on plan experience studies, total pension expense in 2021, is expected to be approximately $4 million higher than in 2020, excluding settlement charges. a reduction of the expected return on pension assets assumption by one quarter of a percentage point would result in an increase of approximately $14 million in total 2021 pension expense, while a quarter of a percentage point reduction in the discount rate applied to the pension liability would result in a negligible increase to pension expense in 2021. additional details about our defined benefit pension plans are available in note 17 to the consolidated financial statements within item 8 of this annual report.
contingencies, indemnifications and guarantees details of the company's contingencies, legal proceedings, indemnifications and guarantees are available in notes 22 and 23 to the consolidated financial statements within item 8 of this annual report. the company is routinely subject to litigation incident to operating its businesses and has been designated by various federal and state environmental agencies as a potentially responsible party, along with numerous other companies, for the clean-up of several hazardous waste sites, including in respect of sites related to alleged activities of certain former rexam subsidiaries. the company believes the matters identified will not have a material adverse effect upon its liquidity, results of operations or financial condition.
35
guaranteed securities the company's senior notes are guaranteed on a full and unconditional, joint and several basis by the issuer of the company's senior notes and the subsidiaries that guarantee the notes (the obligor group). the entities that comprise the obligor group are 100 percent owned by the company. as described in the supplemental indentures governing the company's existing senior notes, the senior notes are guaranteed by any of the company's domestic subsidiaries that guarantee any other indebtedness of the company.
the following summarized financial information relates to the obligor group as of and for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019. intercompany transactions, equity investments and other intercompany activity between obligor group subsidiaries have been eliminated from the summarized financial information. investments in subsidiaries not forming part of the obligor group have also been eliminated.

years ended december 31,
($ in millions)                            2020          2019
net sales                                  $7,115               $6,540
gross profit (a)                                   935                  789
net earnings (loss)                                528                  211
net earnings (loss) attributable to ball           528                  211
(a)   gross profit is shown after depreciation and amortization related to cost of sales of $167 million and $160 million for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively.


december 31,
($ in millions)          2020               2019
current assets               $2,211              $2,310
noncurrent assets                  13,701              13,073
current liabilities                 3,704               5,073
noncurrent liabilities             10,854               9,953
included in the amounts disclosed in the tables above, at december 31, 2020 and 2019, the obligor group held receivables due from other subsidiary companies of $221 million and $299 million, respectively, long-term notes receivable due from other subsidiary companies of $9.2 billion and $9.3 billion, respectively, payables due to other subsidiary companies of $1.7 billion and $1.9 billion, respectively, and long-term notes payable due to other subsidiary companies of $1.5 billion and $2.2 billion, respectively.
for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019, the obligor group recorded the following transactions with other subsidiary companies: sales to them of $804 million and $792 million, respectively, net credits from them of $24 million and net charges to them of $21 million, respectively, and net interest income from them of $393 million and $127 million, respectively. during the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019, the obligor group received dividends from other subsidiary companies of $56 million and $775 million, respectively.
a description of the terms and conditions of the company's debt guarantees is located in note 23 to the consolidated financial statements within item 8 of this annual report.
36
forward-looking statements this report contains "forward-looking" statements concerning future events and financial performance. words such as "expects," "anticipates," "estimates," "believes," "targets," "likely," "positions" and similar expressions typically identify forward-looking statements, which are generally any statements other than statements of historical fact. such statements are based on current expectations or views of the future and are subject to risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied. you should therefore not place undue reliance upon any forward-looking statements and any such statements should be read in conjunction with, and, qualified in their entirety by, the cautionary statements referenced below. the company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. key factors, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to be different are summarized in filings with the securities and exchange commission, including exhibit 99 in our form 10-k, which are available on our website and at www.sec.gov. additional factors that might affect: a) our packaging segments include product capacity, supply, and demand constraints and fluctuations, including due to virus and disease outbreaks and responses thereto; availability/cost of raw materials, equipment, and logistics; competitive packaging, pricing and substitution; changes in climate and weather; footprint adjustments and other manufacturing changes, including the startup of new facilities and lines; failure to achieve synergies, productivity improvements or cost reductions; unfavorable mandatory deposit or packaging laws; customer and supplier consolidation; power and supply chain interruptions; potential delays and tariffs related to the u.k's departure from the eu; changes in major customer or supplier contracts or a loss of a major customer or supplier; political instability and sanctions; currency controls; changes in foreign exchange or tax rates; and tariffs, trade actions, or other governmental actions, including business restrictions and shelter-in-place orders in any country or jurisdiction affecting goods produced by us or in our supply chain, including imported raw materials; b) our aerospace segment include funding, authorization, availability and returns of government and commercial contracts; and delays, extensions and technical uncertainties affecting segment contracts; c) the company as a whole include those listed above plus: the extent to which sustainability-related opportunities arise and can be capitalized upon; changes in senior management, succession, and the ability to attract and retain skilled labor; regulatory action or issues including tax, environmental, health and workplace safety, including u.s. fda and other actions or public concerns affecting products filled in our containers, or chemicals or substances used in raw materials or in the manufacturing process; technological developments and innovations; the ability to manage cyber threats; litigation; strikes; disease; pandemic; labor cost changes; rates of return on assets of the company's defined benefit retirement plans; pension changes; uncertainties surrounding geopolitical events and governmental policies both in the u.s. and in other countries, including policies, orders and actions related to covid-19, the u.s. government elections, stimulus package(s), budget, sequestration and debt limit; reduced cash flow; interest rates affecting our debt; and successful or unsuccessful joint ventures, acquisitions and divestitures, and their effects on our operating results and business generally.
