item 1a.   risk factors.
pandemic-related risks our business and operations are subject to adverse effects from the outbreak and spread of contagious diseases such as covid-19, and we expect such adverse effects to continue.
the outbreak and spread of contagious diseases such as covid-19, a highly transmissible and pathogenic disease, has adversely affected, and we expect will continue to adversely affect, our business, financial condition and results of operations. the covid-19 pandemic has resulted and will likely continue to result in a widespread national and global public health crisis. such infectious illness outbreaks or other adverse public health developments in countries where we operate, as well as local, state and/or national government restrictive measures implemented to control such outbreaks, could adversely affect the economies of many nations or the entire global economy, the financial condition of individual issuers or companies and capital markets, in ways that cannot necessarily be foreseen, and such impacts could be significant and long term. such extraordinary events and their aftermaths can cause investor fear and panic, which can further adversely affect the operations and performance of companies, sectors, nations, regions and financial markets in general and in ways that cannot necessarily be foreseen. the covid-19 pandemic has already adversely affected and will likely continue to adversely affect global economies and markets, and has resulted in a global economic downturn and disruptions in commerce that will continue to evolve, including with respect to financial and other economic activities, services, travel and supply chains. global and national health concerns, and uncertainty regarding the impact of covid-19, could lead to further and/or increased volatility in global capital and credit markets, adversely affect our key executives and other personnel, clients, investors, providers, suppliers, lessees, and other third parties, and negatively impact our aum, revenues, income, business and operations.
our business has been and will likely continue to be negatively impacted by the current covid-19 pandemic, including by the potential reoccurrence of periods of increased spread of covid-19, and ensuing economic downturn in global financial markets. the global spread of covid-19, and the various governmental actions and economic effects related to the pandemic, have had, and are expected to continue to have, negative impacts on our business and operations, including volatility in asset values, reduced demand for our products and services, concerns for and restrictions on our personnel (including health concerns, quarantines, shelter-in-place orders and restrictions on travel), and increased privacy and cybersecurity risks. past economic downturns have caused, and the current economic downturn is causing and is expected to continue to cause, periods of significant volatility in our stock price, decreases and fluctuations in our aum, revenues and income, increased liquidity risks and redemptions from our funds and other products, resulting in difficulties obtaining cash to settle redemptions, fund closures, poor investment performance of our products and corporate investments, increased focus on expense management, capital resources and related planning, and could cause reputational harm, legal claims, and other factors that may arise or develop. current increased liquidity risks and redemptions in our funds and other products have required, and may continue to require, increased cash in the form of loans or other lines of credit for them to draw on to help settle redemptions and for other related purposes. we have in some cases voluntarily determined to, and without obligation could in the future, extend such loans. in addition, such increased liquidity risks and redemptions have caused, and could continue to cause, fund closures and related regulatory and governmental reviews or investigations and legal claims or actions, subjecting us to legal and regulatory risks and potential financial exposure.
our business operations are complex and conducted in numerous countries around the globe, and in order to remain competitive, we must continue to perform our asset management and related business responsibilities for our clients and investors properly and effectively throughout the course of the covid-19 pandemic, which, among other matters, is dependent on the health and safety of our personnel, the ability of our personnel to work remotely successfully, and our ability to have our personnel return to work at our offices safely and effectively in compliance with applicable requirements. we have implemented our business continuity plans globally to manage our business during this pandemic, including broad and extended work-from-home capabilities for our personnel where feasible and, as governmental shelter-in-place restrictions have been lifted in various jurisdictions, we have implemented measures for the return of a portion of our personnel to certain of our offices. we can provide no assurance that our efforts and planning for either environment will be sufficient to protect the health and safety of our personnel and maintain the success of our business. further, we depend on a number of third-party providers to support our operations, and any failure of our providers to fulfill their obligations could adversely impact our business. moreover, we now have an increased dependency on remote equipment and connectivity infrastructure to access critical business systems that may be subject to failure, disruption or unavailability that could negatively impact our business operations. additionally, multiple regions in which we operate have shelter-in-place movement restrictions on our personnel and third-party vendors and service providers that may impact our ability to satisfy or respond timely to potential technology issues or needs impacting our business and operations. further, we, like many others during this time, have been subject to
18
an increase in phishing and other social engineering attempts by malicious actors to manipulate individuals into divulging confidential or personal information. if our cybersecurity diligence and efforts to offset the increased risks associated with greater reliance on mobile, collaborative and remote technologies during this pandemic are not effective or successful, we will be at increased risk for cybersecurity or data privacy incidents.
any inability to recover successfully following the covid-19 pandemic with respect to the economic, investment or operational impacts to our company or industry could further negatively impact our business and operations. as of the time of this filing, as the covid-19 pandemic continues to evolve, it is not possible to predict the full extent to which the coronavirus will adversely impact our business, liquidity, capital resources, financial results and operations, which impacts will depend on numerous developing factors that are highly uncertain and rapidly changing. the impacts and risks described herein relating to covid-19 augment the discussion of overlapping risks in our risk factors below, which may be heightened by covid-19.
market and volatility risks volatility and disruption of our business and the capital and credit markets and adverse changes in the global economy may significantly affect our results of operations and may put pressure on our financial results.
the asset management industry continues to experience disruption and challenges, including a shift to lower-fee passively managed products, increased fee pressure, regulatory changes, an increasing and changing role of technology in asset management services, the continuous introduction of new products and services and the consolidation of financial services firms through mergers and acquisitions. further, the capital and credit markets have and may continue, from time to time, to experience volatility and disruption worldwide. declines in global financial market conditions have in the past resulted in significant decreases in our aum, revenues and income, and future declines may further negatively impact our financial results. such declines have had, and may in the future have, a material adverse impact on our results of operations. we may need to modify our business, strategies or operations and we may be subject to additional constraints or costs in order to compete in a changing global economy and business environment.
the amount and mix of our aum are subject to significant fluctuations.
fluctuations in the amount and mix of our aum may be attributable in part to market conditions outside of our control that have had, and in the future could have, a negative impact on our revenues and income. we derive substantially all of our operating revenues and net income from providing investment management and related services to investors in jurisdictions worldwide through our investment products, which include our sponsored funds, as well as institutional and high-net-worth separate accounts, retail separately managed account programs, sub-advised products, and other investment vehicles. in addition to investment management, our services include fund administration, sales and distribution, and shareholder servicing. we may perform services directly or through third parties. the level of our revenues depends largely on the level and relative mix of aum. our investment management fee revenues are based primarily on a percentage of aum and vary with the nature and strategies of our products. any decrease in the value or amount of our aum because of market volatility or other factors, such as asset outflows or a decline in the price of stocks, in particular market segments or in the securities market generally, negatively impacts our revenues and income.
we are subject to significant risk of asset volatility from changes in the global financial, equity, debt and commodity markets.
individual financial, equity, debt and commodity markets may be adversely affected by financial, economic, political, electoral, diplomatic or other instabilities that are particular to the country or region in which a market is located, including without limitation local acts of terrorism, economic crises, political protests, war, insurrection or other business, social or political crises. global economic conditions, exacerbated by war, terrorism, social, civil or political unrest, natural disasters, public health crises, such as epidemics or pandemics, or financial crises, changes in the equity, debt or commodity marketplaces, changes in currency exchange rates, interest rates, inflation rates, the yield curve, defaults by trading counterparties, bond defaults, revaluation and bond market liquidity risks, geopolitical risks, the imposition of economic sanctions and other factors that are difficult to predict, affect the mix, market values and levels of our aum. for example, changes in financial market prices, currency exchange rates and/or interest rates have in the past caused, and could in the future cause, the value of our aum to decline, which would result in lower investment management fee revenues. changing market conditions could also cause an impairment to the value of our goodwill and other intangible assets.
19
our funds may be subject to liquidity risks or an unanticipated large number of redemptions and fund closures.
due to market volatility or other events or conditions described above, our funds may need to sell securities or instruments that they hold, possibly at a loss, or draw on any available lines of credit, to obtain cash to maintain sufficient liquidity or settle these redemptions, or settle in-kind with securities held in the applicable fund. while we have no legal or contractual obligation to do so, we have in the past provided, and may in the future at our discretion provide, financial support to our funds to enable them to maintain sufficient liquidity in any such event. changes in investor preferences regarding our more popular products have in the past caused, and could in the future cause, sizable redemptions and lower the value of our aum, which would result in lower revenue and operating results. increased market volatility and changes in investor preferences also increase the risk of fund closures. any decrease in the level of our aum resulting from market declines, credit or interest rate volatility or uncertainty, increased redemptions or other factors could negatively impact our revenues and income.
a shift in our asset mix toward lower fee products may negatively impact our revenues.
changing market conditions and investor preferences may cause a shift in our asset mix toward certain lower fee products, such as fixed income products, and away from equity and multi-asset products. this may cause a related decline in our revenues and income, as we generally derive higher fee revenues and income from our equity and certain multi-asset products than from our fixed income products. increases in interest rates, particularly if rapid, as well as uncertainty in the future direction of interest rates, may have a negative impact on our fixed income products. although the shorter duration of the bond investments in many of these products may help mitigate interest rate risk, rising interest rates or interest rate uncertainty typically decrease the total return on many bond investments due to lower market valuations of existing bonds. further, changing market conditions and investor preferences also may cause a shift in our asset mix toward lower fee etfs. moreover, we generally derive higher investment management and distribution fees from our international products than from our u.s. products, and higher sales fees from our u.s. products than from our international products. changing market conditions may cause a shift in our asset mix between international and u.s. products, potentially resulting in a decline in our revenues and income depending upon the nature of our aum and the level of fees we earn on that aum.
we may not effectively manage risks associated with the replacement of benchmark indices.
the withdrawal and replacement of widely used benchmark indices such as the london interbank offered rate ("libor") with alternative benchmark rates may introduce a number of risks for our business, our clients and the financial services industry more widely. these include financial risks arising from potential changes in the valuation of financial instruments linked to benchmark indices, pricing and operational risks, and legal implementation and revised documentation risks. the fca in the u.k., which regulates libor, has announced that it will no longer compel panel banks to submit rates for libor after 2021. the publication of libor is therefore not guaranteed beyond 2021, and it appears highly likely that libor will be discontinued or modified by the end of 2021. at this time, no consensus exists as to which reference rate or rates or benchmarks may become acceptable alternatives to libor, although the alternative reference rates committee, a group of market participants convened by the federal reserve board and the federal reserve bank of new york, has identified the secured overnight financing rate ("sofr") as the recommend alternative to libor. the selection of sofr as the alternative reference rate, however, currently presents certain market concerns because a term structure for sofr has not yet developed, and there is not yet a generally accepted methodology for adjusting sofr. accordingly, the withdrawal and replacement of libor may pose financial risks and uncertainties to our business. we also may face operational challenges adopting successor benchmarks.
investment and performance risks poor investment performance of our products could reduce the level of our aum or affect our sales, and negatively impact our revenues and income.
our investment performance, along with achieving and maintaining superior distribution and client service, is critical to the success of our business. strong investment performance often stimulates sales of our products. poor investment performance as compared to third-party benchmarks or competitive products has led, and could in the future lead, to a decrease in sales of our products and stimulate redemptions from existing products, generally lowering the overall level of aum and reducing the management fees we earn. we can provide no assurance that past or present investment performance in our products will be indicative of future performance. if we fail, or appear to fail, to address successfully and promptly the underlying causes of poor investment performance, we may be unsuccessful in repairing any existing or continuing harm to our performance and our future business prospects would likely be negatively affected.
20
harm to our reputation may negatively impact our revenues and income.
our reputation is critical to the success of our business. we believe that our brand names have been, and continue to be, well received both in our industry and with our clients, reflecting the fact that our brands, like our business, are based in part on trust and confidence. if our brands or reputation are harmed, existing clients may reduce amounts held in, or withdraw entirely from, our products, or our clients and products may terminate their management agreements with us, which could reduce the amount of our aum and cause us to suffer a corresponding loss in our revenues and income. in addition, reputational harm may prevent us from attracting new clients or developing new business.
global operational risks our completed acquisition of legg mason, inc. remains subject to integration risks.
on july 31, 2020, we completed our acquisition of legg mason, inc. pursuant to the terms and conditions of the merger agreement, and legg mason became a wholly-owned subsidiary of franklin. important ongoing integration-related risks related to our completed acquisition of legg mason include the risks that the anticipated benefits of the transaction, including the realization of revenue, tax benefits, financial benefits or returns and expense and other synergies, may not be fully realized, or may take longer to realize than expected, and that the integration may cost more than expected. in addition, the covid-19 pandemic-related risks may result in unanticipated regulatory, planning and/or operational delays that may adversely impact the anticipated timeline and achievement of our ongoing integration goals. the ongoing integration of legg mason is a time-consuming and expensive process that, without adequate planning and effective and timely implementation, could significantly disrupt our business. our failure to meet the challenges involved in successfully integrating the operations of legg mason or to otherwise realize any of the anticipated benefits of the acquisition could adversely impair our business and operations as noted above.
our business operations are complex and a failure to perform operational tasks properly or comply with applicable regulatory requirements could have an adverse effect on our revenues and income.
through our subsidiaries, we provide investment management and related services to investors globally. in order to be competitive and comply with our agreements, we must properly perform our fund and portfolio administration and related responsibilities, including portfolio recordkeeping and accounting, security pricing, corporate actions, investment restrictions compliance, daily net asset value computations, account reconciliations, and required distributions to fund shareholders. many of our operations are complex and dependent on our ability to process and monitor a large number of transactions effectively, which may occur across numerous markets and currencies at high volumes and frequencies. although we expend considerable resources on internal controls, supervision, technology and training in an effort to ensure that such transactions do not violate applicable guidelines, rules and regulations or adversely affect our clients, counterparties or us, our operations are ultimately dependent on our personnel, as well as others involved in our business, such as third-party vendors, providers and other intermediaries, and subject to potential human errors. our personnel and others involved in our business may, from time to time, make mistakes that are not always immediately detected, which may disrupt our operations, cause losses, lead to regulatory fines or sanctions, litigation, or otherwise damage our reputation. in addition, any misrepresentation of our services and products in advertising materials, public relations information, social media or other external communications could also adversely affect our reputation and business prospects. our investment management fees, which represent the majority of our revenues, are dependent on fees earned under investment management agreements that we have with our products and clients. our revenues could be adversely affected if such agreements representing a significant portion of our aum are terminated. further, certain of our subsidiaries may act as general partner for various investment partnerships, which may subject them to liability for the partnerships' liabilities. if we fail to perform and monitor our operations properly, our business could suffer and our revenues and income could be adversely affected.
failure to establish adequate controls and risk management policies, or the circumvention of controls and policies, could have an adverse effect on our global operations, reputation and financial position.
although we have adopted risk management, operational and financial controls and compliance policies, procedures and programs that are subject to regular review and update, we cannot ensure that these measures will enable us effectively to identify and manage internal and external risks including those related to fraudulent activity and dishonesty. we are subject to the risk that our personnel, contractors, vendors and other third parties may deliberately or recklessly circumvent or violate our controls to commit fraud against our business, products and/or client accounts, pay or solicit bribes, or otherwise act in ways inconsistent with our controls, policies, workplace culture and business principles. continued attempts to circumvent our policies and controls or repeated incidents involving violation of controls and policies, fraud or conflicts of interests could
21
negatively impact our business and reputation and result in adverse publicity, regulatory investigations and actions, legal proceedings and losses and adversely affect our operations, reputation, aum and financial results.
we face risks, and corresponding potential costs and expenses, associated with conducting operations and growing our business in numerous countries.
we sell our products, such as our funds and strategies, and offer our investment management and related services, in many different regulatory jurisdictions around the world, and intend to continue to expand our operations internationally. as we do so, we will continue to face challenges to the adequacy of our resources, procedures and controls to operate our business consistently and effectively. in order to remain competitive, we must be proactive and prepared to implement necessary resources when growth opportunities present themselves, whether as a result of a business acquisition or rapidly increasing business activities in particular markets or regions. local regulatory environments may vary widely in terms of scope, adequacy and sophistication. similarly, local distributors, and their policies and practices as well as financial viability, may vary widely and they may be inconsistent or less developed or mature than other more internationally focused distributors. growth of our international operations has involved and may continue to involve near-term increases in expenses, as well as additional capital costs, such as information systems and technology costs, and costs related to compliance with particular regulatory or other local requirements or needs. local requirements or needs also may place additional demands on sales and compliance personnel and resources, such as meeting local language requirements, while also integrating personnel into an organization with a single operating language. finding, hiring and retaining additional, well-qualified personnel and crafting and adopting policies, procedures and controls to address local or regional requirements remain challenges as we expand our operations internationally.
moreover, regulators in non-u.s. jurisdictions could also change their policies or laws in a manner that might restrict or otherwise impede our ability to distribute or authorize products or maintain their authorizations in their respective markets. any of these local requirements, activities or needs could increase the costs and expenses we incur in a specific jurisdiction without any corresponding increase in revenues and income from operating in the jurisdiction. certain laws and regulations both inside and outside the u.s. have extraterritorial application. this may lead to duplicative or conflicting legal or regulatory burdens and additional costs and risks. for example, with respect to brexit, although the u.k. has now formally left the eu as of january 31, 2020, it is still unclear what final terms may be agreed to among the parties through the december 31, 2020 implementation period, and the ultimate impact on us.
in addition, from time to time, we enter into joint ventures or take minority stakes in companies in which we typically do not have control. these investments may involve risks, including the risk that the controlling stakeholder or joint venture partner may have business interests, strategies or goals that are inconsistent with ours. the business decisions or other actions or omissions of the controlling stakeholder, joint venture partner or the entity itself may result in liability to us or harm to our reputation, or adversely affect the value of our investment in the entity.
our focus on international markets as a source of investments and sales of our products subjects us to increased exchange rate and market-specific political, economic or other risks that may adversely impact our revenues and income generated overseas.
while we maintain a significant portion of our operations in the u.s., we also provide services and earn revenues in asia-pacific, europe, middle east and africa, latin america and canada. as a result, we are subject to foreign currency exchange risk through our non-u.s. operations. fluctuations in the exchange rates to the u.s. dollar have affected, and may in the future affect, our financial results from one period to the next. while we have taken steps to reduce our exposure to foreign exchange risk, for example, by denominating a significant amount of our transactions in u.s. dollars, our situation may change in the future. appreciation of the u.s. dollar could in the future moderate revenues from managing our products internationally, or could affect relative investment performance of certain of our products invested in non-u.s. securities. in addition, we have risk associated with the foreign exchange revaluation of u.s. dollar balances held by certain non-u.s. subsidiaries for which the local currency is the functional currency. separately, management fees that we earn tend to be higher in connection with non-u.s. aum than with u.s. aum. consequently, downturns in international markets have in the past had, and could in the future have, a significant effect on our revenues and income. moreover, our emerging market portfolios and revenues derived from managing these portfolios are subject to significant risks of loss from financial, economic, political and diplomatic developments, currency fluctuations, social instability, changes in governmental policies, expropriation, nationalization, asset confiscation and changes in legislation related to non-u.s. ownership. international trading markets, particularly in some emerging market countries, are often smaller, less liquid, less regulated and significantly more volatile than those in the u.s. any ongoing and future business, economic, political or social unrest affecting these markets, in addition to any direct consequences such unrest may have on our personnel and facilities located in the affected area, also may have
22
a lasting impact on the long-term investment climate in these and other areas and, as a result, our aum and the corresponding revenues and income that we generate from them may be negatively affected.
competition and distribution risks we may review and pursue strategic transactions that could pose risks to our business.
as part of our business strategy, we regularly consider, and have discussions with respect to, potential strategic transactions, including acquisitions, dispositions, consolidations, joint ventures or similar transactions, some of which may be deemed material. there can be no assurance that we will find suitable candidates for strategic transactions at acceptable prices, have sufficient capital resources to accomplish our strategy, or be successful in entering into agreements for desired transactions. in addition, such transactions typically involve a number of risks and present financial, managerial and operational challenges. acquisitions, including our recent acquisition of legg mason, and related transactions pose the risk that any business we acquire may lose customers or personnel or could underperform relative to expectations. we also may not realize the anticipated benefits of an acquisition, including with respect to revenue, tax benefits, financial benefits or returns, and expense and other synergies. we could also experience financial or other setbacks if transactions encounter unanticipated problems, including problems related to execution or integration. entries into material transactions typically are announced publicly even though they may remain subject to numerous closing conditions, contingencies and approvals, and there is no assurance that any announced transaction will actually be consummated. future transactions also may further increase our leverage or, if we issue equity securities to pay for acquisitions, dilute the holdings of our existing stockholders.
failure to properly address the increased transformative pressures affecting the asset management industry could negatively impact our business.
the asset management industry is facing transformative pressures and trends from a variety of different sources including increased fee pressure; a continued shift away from actively managed core equities and fixed income strategies towards alternative, passive and smart beta strategies; increased demands from clients and distributors for client engagement and services; a trend towards institutions developing fewer relationships and partners and reducing the number of investment managers they work with; increased regulatory activity and scrutiny of many aspects of the asset management industry, including transparency/unbundling of fees, inducements, conflicts of interest, capital, liquidity, solvency, leverage, operational risk management, controls and compensation; addressing the key emerging markets in the world, such as china and india, which often have populations with different needs, preferences and horizons than the more developed u.s. and european markets; and advances in technology and increasing client interest in interacting digitally with their investment portfolios. as a result of the trends and pressures discussed above, the asset management industry is facing an increased level of disruption. if we are unable to adapt our strategy and business to address adequately these trends and pressures, we may be unable to meet client needs satisfactorily, our competitive position may weaken, and our business results and operations may be adversely affected.
strong competition from numerous and sometimes larger companies with competing offerings and products could limit or reduce sales of our products, potentially resulting in a decline in our market share, revenues and income.
we compete with numerous investment management companies, securities brokerage and investment banking firms, insurance companies, banks and other financial institutions. our products also compete with products offered by these competitors, as well as with real estate investment trusts, hedge funds and other products. the periodic establishment of new investment management companies and other competitors increases the competition that we face. at the same time, consolidation in the financial services industry has created stronger competitors with greater financial resources and broader distribution channels than our own. competition is based on various factors, including, among others, business reputation, investment performance, product mix and offerings, service quality and innovation, distribution relationships, and fees charged. further, although we may offer certain types of etfs, to the extent that there is a trend among existing or potential clients in favor of lower fee index and other etfs, it may favor our competitors who may offer such products that are more established or on a larger scale than we do. additionally, competing securities broker-dealers and banks, upon which we rely to distribute and sell certain of our funds and other products, also may sell their own proprietary funds and products, which could limit the distribution of our products. to the extent that existing or potential clients, including securities broker-dealers, decide to invest in or distribute the products of our competitors, the sales of our products as well as our market share, revenues and income could decline. our ability to attract and retain aum is also dependent on the relative investment performance of our products, offering a mix of products and strategies that meets investor demands, and our ability to maintain our investment management fees and pricing structure at competitive levels.
23
increasing competition and other changes in the third-party distribution and sales channels on which we depend could reduce our income and hinder our growth.
we derive nearly all of our fund sales through third-party broker-dealers, banks, investment advisers and other financial intermediaries. because we rely on third-party distribution and sales channels to sell our products, we do not control the ultimate investment recommendations given by them to clients. increasing competition for these distribution and sales channels, and regulatory changes and initiatives, have caused our distribution costs to rise and could cause further cost increases in the future, or could otherwise negatively impact the distribution of our products. higher distribution costs lower our income, and consolidations in the broker-dealer or banking industries could also adversely impact our income. a failure to maintain our third-party distribution and sales channels, or a failure to maintain strong business relationships with our distributors and other intermediaries, may impair our distribution and sales operations. any inability to access and successfully sell our products to clients through such third-party channels could have a negative effect on our level of aum and adversely impact our business.
moreover, we can provide no assurance that we will continue to have access to the third-party financial intermediaries that currently distribute our products, or that we will continue to have the opportunity to offer all or some of our existing products through them. if several of the major financial advisers that distribute our products were to cease operations or limit or otherwise end the distribution of our products, it could have a significant adverse impact on our income.
further, the standards of conduct and disclosure and reporting requirements, with respect to fees, products, services and possible conflicts of interest, applicable to broker-dealers and other financial intermediaries in the u.s., remain subject to change and enhancement pursuant to business and regulatory developments and requirements, including with respect to investor suitability obligations, enhanced investor protections for retail customers, and increased compliance requirements.
in addition, the u.k., the netherlands and the eu, through mifid ii, have adopted regimes that ban, or may limit, the payment of commissions and other inducements to intermediaries in relation to certain sales to retail customers in those jurisdictions, and similar regimes are under consideration in several other jurisdictions. depending on their exact terms, such regimes may result in existing flows of business moving to less profitable channels or even to competitors providing substitutable products outside the regime. arrangements with non-independent advisers will also be affected as narrower rules related to the requirement that commissions reflect an enhancement of the service to customers come into effect, along with a prescriptive list of permissible non-monetary benefits. the interpretation of the inducements rules has also resulted in major changes to how fund managers, including us, finance investment research with many firms, by opting to pay for third-party investment research for client accounts covered by mifid ii.
third-party risks any failure of our third-party providers to fulfill their obligations, or our failure to maintain good relationships with our providers, could adversely impact our business.
we currently, and may in the future, depend on a number of third-party providers to support various operational, administrative, market data, distribution, and other business needs of our company. in addition, we may, from time to time, transfer vendor contracts and services from one provider to another. if our third-party providers fail to deliver required services on a timely basis, or if we experience other negative service quality or relationship issues with our providers, we may be exposed to significant costs and/or operational difficulties, and our ability to conduct and grow our business may be impaired. in addition, we have outsourced certain administration services for our funds to third-party providers. such administrative and functional changes are costly and complex, and may expose us to heightened operational risks. any failure to mitigate such risks could result in reputational harm to us, as well as financial losses to us and our clients. the failure of any key provider or vendor to fulfill its obligations to us could result in outcomes inconsistent with our or our clients' objectives and requirements, result in legal liability and regulatory issues for us, and otherwise adversely impact us.
we may be adversely affected if any of our third-party providers is subject to a successful cyber or security attack.
due to our interconnectivity with third-party vendors, advisors, central agents, exchanges, clearing organizations and other financial institutions, we may be adversely affected if any of them is subject to a successful cyber attack or other privacy or information security event, including those arising due to the use of mobile technology or a third-party cloud environment. most of the software applications that we use in our business are licensed from, and supported, upgraded and maintained by, third-party vendors. our third-party applications include enterprise cloud storage and cloud computing application services provided and maintained by third-party vendors. any breach, suspension or termination of certain of these licenses or the related support, upgrades and maintenance could cause temporary system delays or interruption that could adversely impact
24
our business. our third-party applications may include confidential and proprietary data provided by vendors and by us, including personal employee and/or client data.
technology and security risks our ability to manage and grow our business successfully can be impeded by systems and other technological limitations.
our continued success in effectively managing and growing our business depends on our ability to integrate our varied accounting, financial, information, and operational systems on a global basis, including in connection with our recent legg mason acquisition. moreover, adapting or developing the existing technology systems we use to meet our internal needs, as well as client needs, industry demands and new regulatory requirements, is also critical for our business. the introduction of new technologies presents new challenges to us. we have an ongoing need to upgrade and improve our technology continually, including our data processing, financial, accounting, shareholder servicing and trading systems. further, we also must be proactive and prepared to implement new technology when growth opportunities present themselves, whether as a result of a business acquisition or rapidly increasing business activities in particular markets or regions. these needs could present operational issues or require significant capital spending, and may require us to reevaluate the current value and/or expected useful lives of the technology we use, which could negatively impact our results of operations. in addition, technology is subject to rapid advancements and changes and our competitors may, from time to time, implement newer technologies or more advanced platforms for their services and products, including digital advisers and other advanced electronic systems, which could adversely affect our business if we are unable to remain competitive.
any significant limitation, failure or security breach of our information and cyber security infrastructure, software applications, technology or other systems that are critical to our operations could disrupt our business and harm our operations and reputation.
we are highly dependent upon the use of various proprietary and third-party information and security technology, software applications and other technology systems to operate our business. we are also dependent on the continuity and effectiveness of our information and cyber security infrastructure, management oversight and reporting framework, policies, procedures and capabilities to protect our computer and telecommunications systems and the data that reside on or are transmitted through them and contracted third-party systems. we use technology on a daily basis in our business to, among other things, support our business continuity and operations, process and transmit confidential communications, store and maintain data, obtain securities pricing information, process client transactions, and provide reports and other customer services to our clients. any disruptions, inaccuracies, delays, theft, systems failures, data security or privacy breaches, or cyber or other security breaches in these and other processes could subject us to significant client dissatisfaction and losses and damage our reputation. we have been, and expect to continue to be, the subject of these types of risks, breaches and/or attacks, as well as attempts to co-opt our brand. although we take protective measures, including measures to secure and protect information through system security technology and our internal security procedures, we can provide no assurance that any of these measures will prove effective. the technology systems we use remain vulnerable to denial of service attacks, unauthorized access, computer viruses, potential human errors and other events and circumstances that may have a security impact, such as an external or internal hacker attack by one or more cyber criminals (including through the use of phishing attacks, malware, ransomware and other methods and activities maliciously designed to obtain and exploit confidential information and to cause system and service disruption and other damage) or our personnel or vendors inadvertently or recklessly causing us to release confidential information, which could materially harm our operations and reputation.
potential system disruptions, failures or breaches of the technology we use or the security infrastructure we rely upon could result in: (i) material financial loss or costs, (ii) delays in clients' ability to access account information or in our ability to process transactions, (iii) the unauthorized disclosure or modification of sensitive or confidential client and business information, (iv) loss of valuable information, (v) breach of client and vendor contracts, (vi) liability for stolen assets, information or identity, (vii) remediation costs to repair damage caused by the failure or breach, (viii) additional security and organizational costs to mitigate against future incidents, (ix) reputational harm, (x) loss of confidence in our business and products, (xi) liability for failure to review and disclose applicable incidents or provide relevant updated disclosure properly and timely, (xii) regulatory investigations or actions, and/or (xiii) legal claims, litigation, and liability costs, any one or more of which may be material. moreover, loss or unauthorized disclosure or transfer of confidential and proprietary data or confidential customer identification information could further harm our reputation and subject us to liability under laws that protect confidential data and personal information, resulting in increased costs or a decline in our revenues or common stock price. further, although we take precautions to password protect and encrypt our laptops and sensitive information on our other mobile electronic devices, if such devices are stolen, misplaced or left unattended, they may become vulnerable to hacking or other unauthorized use, creating a possible security risk, which may require us to incur additional administrative
25
costs and/or take remedial actions. in addition, the failure to manage and operate properly the data centers we use could have an adverse impact on our business. although we have in place certain disaster recovery plans, we may experience system delays and interruptions as a result of natural disasters, power failures, acts of war, and third-party failures.
our inability to recover successfully, should we experience a disaster or other business continuity problem, could cause material financial loss, regulatory actions, legal liability, and/or reputational harm.
should we experience a local or regional disaster or other business continuity problem, such as an earthquake, hurricane, tsunami, terrorist attack, public health crisis, pandemic or other natural or man-made disaster, our continued success will depend, in part, on the safety and availability of our personnel, our office facilities and infrastructure, and the proper functioning of our technology, computer, telecommunication and other systems and operations that are critical to our business. see "pandemic-related risks" above for risks relating to covid-19. while our operational size, the diversity of locations from which we operate, and our various back-up systems provide us with an advantage, should we experience a local or regional disaster or other business continuity event, we could still experience operational challenges, in particular depending upon how such a local or regional event may affect our personnel across our operations or with regard to particular aspects of our operations, such as key executives or personnel in our technology groups. moreover, as we grow our operations in new geographic regions, the potential for particular types of natural or man-made disasters, political, economic or infrastructure instabilities, information, technology or security limitations or breaches, or other country- or region-specific business continuity risks increases. past disaster recovery efforts have demonstrated that even seemingly localized events may require broader disaster recovery efforts throughout our operations and, consequently, we regularly assess and take steps to improve upon our existing business continuity plans. however, a disaster on a significant scale or affecting certain of our key operating areas within or across regions, or our inability to recover successfully following a disaster or other business continuity problem, could adversely impact our business and operations.
human capital risks we depend on key personnel and our financial performance could be negatively affected by the loss of their services.
the success of our business will continue to depend upon our key personnel, including our portfolio managers, investment analysts, investment advisers, sales and management personnel and other professionals as well as our executive officers and business unit heads. competition for qualified, motivated, and highly-skilled executives, professionals and other key personnel in the investment management industry remains significant. our success depends to a substantial degree upon our ability to find, attract, retain and motivate qualified individuals, including through competitive compensation packages, and upon the continued contributions of these people. global and/or local laws and regulations could impose restrictions on compensation paid by financial institutions, which could restrict our ability to compete effectively for qualified professionals. as our business develops, we may need to increase the number of individuals that we employ. moreover, in order to retain certain key personnel, we may be required to increase compensation to such individuals and increase our key management succession planning, resulting in additional expense without a corresponding increase in potential revenues. there is no assurance that we will be successful in finding, attracting and retaining qualified individuals, and the departure of key investment personnel, in particular, could cause us to lose clients, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and business prospects. in addition, due to the global nature of our business, our key personnel may, from time to time, have reasons to travel to regions susceptible to higher risk of civil unrest, organized crime or terrorism, and we may be unable to ensure the safety of our personnel traveling to such regions.
cash management risks our ability to meet cash needs depends upon certain factors, including the market value of our assets, our operating cash flows and our perceived creditworthiness.
if we are unable to obtain cash, financing or access to the capital markets in a timely manner, we may be forced to incur unanticipated costs or revise our business plans, and our business could be adversely impacted. further, our access to the capital markets depends significantly on our credit ratings. a reduction in our long- or short-term credit ratings could increase our borrowing costs and limit our access to the capital markets. volatility in the global financing markets also may impact our ability to access the capital markets should we seek to do so, and may have an adverse effect on investors' willingness to purchase our securities, interest rates, credit spreads and/or the valuation levels of equity markets.
26
we are dependent on the earnings of our subsidiaries.
substantially all of our operations are conducted through our subsidiaries. as a result, our cash flow and our ability to fund operations are dependent upon the earnings of our subsidiaries and the distribution of earnings, loans or other payments by our subsidiaries. our subsidiaries are separate and distinct legal entities and have no obligation to fund our payment obligations, whether by dividends, distributions, loans or other payments. any payments to us by our subsidiaries could be subject to statutory or contractual restrictions and are contingent upon our subsidiaries' earnings and business considerations. certain of our subsidiaries are subject to regulatory restrictions that may limit their ability to transfer assets to their parent companies. our financial condition could be adversely affected if certain of our subsidiaries are unable to distribute assets to us.
legal and regulatory risks we are subject to extensive, complex, overlapping and frequently changing rules, regulations, policies, and legal interpretations.
there is uncertainty associated with the regulatory and compliance environments in which we operate. our business is subject to extensive and complex, overlapping and/or conflicting, and frequently changing and increasing rules, regulations, policies and legal interpretations, around the world. political and electoral changes, developments and conflicts have in the past introduced, and may in the future introduce, additional uncertainty. our regulatory and compliance obligations impose significant operational and cost burdens on us and cover a broad range of requirements related to financial reporting and other disclosure matters, securities and other financial instruments, investment and advisory matters, accounting, tax, compensation, ethics, intellectual property, data protection, privacy, sanctions programs, and escheatment requirements. we may be adversely affected by a failure to comply with applicable laws, regulations and changes in the countries in which we operate. for a more extensive discussion of certain laws, regulations (including certain pending regulatory reforms) and regulators to which we are subject, see "item 1 - business - regulation" in part i of this annual report.
we may be adversely affected as a result of new or revised legislation or regulations or by changes in the interpretation of existing laws and regulations, in the u.s. and other jurisdictions.
the laws and regulations applicable to our business generally involve restrictions and requirements in connection with a variety of technical, specialized, and expanding matters and concerns. over the years, the u.s. federal corporate governance and securities laws, and laws in other jurisdictions, have been augmented substantially and made significantly more complex by various legislation. as we continue to address our legal and regulatory requirements or focus on meeting new or expanded requirements, we may need to expend a substantial amount of additional time, costs and resources. regulatory reforms may add further complexity to our business and operations and could require us to alter our investment management services and related activities, which could be costly, impede our growth and adversely impact our aum, revenues and income. regulatory reforms also may impact our clients, which could cause them to change their investment strategies or allocations in a manner adverse to our business. certain key regulatory reforms in the u.s. and other jurisdictions that may impact or relate to our business, and may cause us to incur additional obligations, include regulatory matters related to systemically important financial institutions, derivatives and other financial products, privacy and data protection, retail and other investor protections, and other asset management disclosure and compliance requirements. the impacts of these and other regulatory reforms on us, now and in the future, could be significant. we expect that the regulatory requirements and developments applicable to us will cause us to continue to incur additional compliance and administrative burdens and costs. any inability to meet applicable requirements within the required timeframes may subject us to sanctions or other restrictions by governments and/or regulators that could adversely impact our broader business objectives.
global regulatory and legislative actions and reforms have made compliance in the regulatory environment in which we operate more costly and future actions and reforms could adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations.
as in the u.s., regulatory and legislative actions outside the u.s. have been augmented substantially and made more complex by measures such as the eu's alternative investment fund managers directive and mifid ii. further, ongoing changes in the eu's regulatory framework applicable to our business, including changes related to brexit and any other changes in the composition of the eu's member states, may add further complexity to our global risks and operations. moreover, the adoption of new laws, regulations or standards and changes in the interpretation or enforcement of existing laws, regulations or standards have directly affected, and will continue to affect, our business. with new laws and changes in interpretation of existing requirements, the associated time we must dedicate to and related costs we must incur in meeting the regulatory complexities of our business have increased. we may be required to continue to invest significant additional management
27
time and resources to address new regulations being adopted pursuant to mifid ii and other laws. for example, mifid ii requires the unbundling of research and execution charges for trading. the industry's response to the unbundling rules is still evolving and could lead to increased research costs. outlays associated with meeting regulatory complexities have also increased as we expand our business into new jurisdictions.
the eu's gdpr strengthened and unified data protection rules for individuals within the eu. gdpr also addresses export of personal data outside the eu. the primary objectives of gdpr are to give citizens control of their personal data and to simplify the regulatory environment for international business by unifying data protection regulation within the eu. compliance with the stringent data protection rules under gdpr requires an extensive review of all of our global data processing systems. the failure to comply properly with gdpr rules on a timely basis and to maintain ongoing compliance with such rules may subject us to enforcement proceedings and significant fines and costs. for example, a failure to comply with gdpr could result in fines up to 20 million euros or 4% of our annual global revenues, whichever is higher.
compliance activities to address these and other new legal requirements have required, and will continue to require, us to expend additional time and resources, and, consequently, we are incurring increased costs of doing business, which potentially negatively impacts our profitability and future financial results. finally, any further regulatory and legislative actions and reforms affecting the investment management industry, including compliance initiatives, may negatively impact revenues by increasing our costs of accessing or operating in financial markets or by making certain investment offerings less favorable to our clients.
failure to comply with the laws, rules or regulations in any of the jurisdictions in which we operate could result in substantial harm to our reputation and results of operations.
as with all investment management companies, our activities are highly regulated in almost all countries in which we conduct business. failure to comply with the applicable laws, rules, regulations, codes, directives, notices or guidelines in any of our jurisdictions could result in civil liability, criminal liability and/or sanctions against us, including fines, censures, injunctive relief, the suspension or expulsion from a particular jurisdiction or market, or the revocation of licenses or charters, any of which could adversely affect our reputation and operations. moreover, any potential accounting or reporting error, whether financial or otherwise, if material, could damage our reputation and adversely affect our business. while management has focused attention and resources on our compliance policies, procedures and practices, the regulatory environments of the jurisdictions where we conduct our business, or where our products are organized or sold, are complex, uncertain and subject to change. local regulatory environments may vary widely and place additional demands on our sales, investment, legal and compliance personnel. in recent years, the regulatory environments in which we operate have seen significant increased and evolving regulations, which have imposed and may continue to impose additional compliance and operational requirements and costs on us in the applicable jurisdictions. regulators could also change their policies or laws in a manner that might restrict or otherwise impede our ability to offer our services and products in their respective markets, or we may be unable to keep up with, or adapt to, the ever changing, complex regulatory requirements in such jurisdictions or markets, which could further negatively impact our business.
changes in tax laws or exposure to additional income tax liabilities could have a material impact on our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity.
we are subject to income taxes as well as non-income-based taxes, and are subject to ongoing tax audits, in various jurisdictions in which we operate. tax authorities may disagree with certain positions we have taken and assess additional taxes. we regularly assess the likely outcomes of these audits in order to determine the appropriateness of our tax provision. however, there can be no assurance that we will accurately predict the outcomes of these audits and the actual outcomes could have a material impact on our net income or financial condition. changes in tax laws or tax rulings may at times materially impact our effective tax rate.
further, pursuant to ongoing efforts to encourage global tax compliance, the oecd has adopted certain common reporting standards aimed at ensuring that persons with financial assets located outside of their tax residence country pay required taxes. such standards may subject us to additional reporting, compliance and administrative costs, and burdens in jurisdictions where we operate as a qualifying financial institution.
28
regulatory and governmental examinations and/or investigations, litigation and the legal risks associated with our business, could adversely impact our aum, increase costs and negatively impact our profitability and/or our future financial results.
we operate in a highly regulated industry and routinely receive and respond to regulatory and governmental requests for documents or other information, subpoenas, examinations and investigations in connection with our business activities. further, regulatory or governmental examinations or investigations that have been inactive could become active. in addition, from time to time, we are named as a party in litigation. we may be obligated, and under our certificate of incorporation, bylaws and standard form of director indemnification agreement are obligated under certain conditions, or may choose, to indemnify directors, officers or personnel against liabilities and expenses they may incur in connection with such matters to the extent permitted under applicable law. even if claims made against us are without merit, litigation typically is an expensive process. risks associated with legal liability often are difficult to assess or quantify and their existence and magnitude can remain unknown for significant periods of time. eventual financial exposures from and expenses incurred relating to any examinations, investigations, litigation, and/or settlements could adversely impact our aum, increase costs and/or negatively impact our profitability and financial results. examinations, investigations, allegations, findings or judgments of wrongdoing by regulatory or governmental authorities or in litigation against us, or settlements with respect thereto, could affect our regulatory licenses, reputation, increase our costs of doing business and/or negatively impact our revenues, any of which could have a material negative impact on our financial results. for a discussion of certain legal proceedings and regulatory matters in which we are involved, see the "legal proceedings" section in note 16 - commitments and contingencies in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of part ii of this annual report.
our contractual obligations may subject us to indemnification costs and liability to third parties.
in the ordinary course of business, we enter into contracts with third parties, including, without limitation, clients, vendors, and other service providers, that contain a variety of representations and warranties and that provide for indemnifications by us in certain circumstances. pursuant to such contractual arrangements, we may be subject to indemnification costs and liability to third parties if, for example, we breach any material obligations under the agreements or agreed standards of care, or in the event such third parties have certain legal claims asserted against them. the terms of these indemnities vary from contract to contract, and future indemnification claims against us could negatively impact our financial condition.
failure to protect our intellectual property may negatively impact our business.
although we take steps to safeguard and protect our intellectual property, including but not limited to our trademarks, patents, copyrights and trade secrets, there can be no assurance that we will be able effectively to protect our rights. if our intellectual property rights were violated, we could be subject to economic and reputational harm that could negatively impact our business and competitiveness in the marketplace. conversely, while we take efforts to avoid infringement of the intellectual property of third parties, if we are deemed to infringe on a third party's intellectual property rights it could expose us to litigation risks, license fees and reputational harm.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
forward-looking statements the following discussion and analysis of the results of operations and financial condition of franklin resources, inc. ("franklin") and its subsidiaries (collectively, the "company") should be read in conjunction with the "forward-looking statements" disclosure set forth in part i and the "risk factors" set forth in item 1a of part i of this annual report on form 10k (this "annual report") and in any more recent filings with the u.s. securities and exchange commission (the "sec"), each of which describe our risks, uncertainties and other important factors in more detail.
overview we are a global investment management organization and derive our operating revenues and net income from providing investment management and related services in jurisdictions worldwide for investors in our investment products, which include our sponsored funds, as well as institutional and high-net-worth separate accounts, retail separately managed account programs, sub-advised products, and other investment vehicles. in addition to investment management, our services include fund administration, sales and distribution, and shareholder servicing. we may perform services directly or through third parties. we offer our services and products under our various distinct brand names, including, but not limited to, franklin, templeton, legg mason, balanced equity management, benefit street partners, darby, edinburgh partnerstm, fiduciary trusttm, franklin bissett, franklin mutual series, k2 and libertyshares. in addition, pursuant to our acquisition of legg mason, inc. ("legg mason") on july 31, 2020, we acquired certain additional brand names including brandywine global investment management, clarion partners, clearbridge investments, martin currie, qs investors, royce investment partners and western asset management company. we offer a broad product mix of fixed income, equity, multi-asset, alternative and cash management asset classes and solutions that meet a wide variety of specific investment goals and needs for individual and institutional investors. we also provide sub-advisory services to certain investment products sponsored by other companies which may be sold to investors under the brand names of those other companies or on a co-branded basis.
the level of our revenues depends largely on the level and relative mix of assets under management ("aum"). as noted in the "risk factors" section set forth above in item 1a of part i of this annual report, the amount and mix of our aum are subject to significant fluctuations and can negatively impact our revenues and income. the level of our revenues also depends on mutual fund sales, the number of shareholder transactions and accounts, and the fees charged for our services, which are based on contracts with our funds and our clients. these arrangements could change in the future.
as further noted in the "risk factors" section, the outbreak and spread of contagious diseases such as the coronavirus disease 2019 ("covid-19"), a highly transmissible and pathogenic disease, has adversely affected, and we expect will continue to adversely affect, our business, financial condition and results of operations. global health concerns, and uncertainty regarding the impact of covid-19, could lead to further and/or increased volatility in global capital and credit markets, adversely affect our key executives and other personnel, clients, investors, providers, suppliers, lessees, and other third parties, and negatively impact our aum, revenues, income, business and operations. as of the time of this filing, as the covid-19 pandemic continues to evolve, it is not possible to predict the full extent to which covid-19 will adversely impact our business, liquidity, capital resources, financial results and operations due to numerous developing factors that are highly uncertain and rapidly changing.
during the fiscal year ended september 30, 2020 ("fiscal year 2020"), the global equity markets experienced volatility reflecting, among other things, ongoing global concerns about the covid-19 pandemic, but provided overall strong positive returns. despite easing of shutdown measures and some signs of economic recovery following significant accommodative economic efforts by governments and central banks, concerns about the severe economic impact of the ongoing covid-19 pandemic persist. the s&p 500 index and msci world index increased 15.2% and 11.0% for the fiscal year.
our total aum was $1,418.9 billion at september 30, 2020, which was 105% higher than at september 30, 2019 reflecting an increase of $806.5 billion from acquisitions, partially offset by $61.6 billion of long-term net outflows, $9.9 billion of cash management net outflows and $8.7 billion from net market change, distributions and other. simple monthly average aum ("average aum") increased 19% during fiscal year 2020.
the business and regulatory environments in which we operate globally remain complex, uncertain and subject to change. we are subject to various laws, rules and regulations globally that impose restrictions, limitations, registration, reporting and disclosure requirements on our business, and add complexity to our global compliance operations.
35
uncertainties regarding the global economy remain for the foreseeable future. as we continue to confront the challenges of the current economic and regulatory environments, we remain focused on the investment performance of our products and on providing high quality service to our clients. we continuously perform reviews of our business model. while we remain focused on expense management, we will also seek to attract, retain and develop personnel and invest strategically in systems and technology that will provide a secure and stable environment. we will continue to seek to protect and further our brand recognition while developing and maintaining broker-dealer and client relationships. the success of these and other strategies may be influenced by the factors discussed in the "risk factors" section.
results of operations
(in millions, except per share data)                                                                                         2020 vs. 2019         2019 vs. 2018
for the fiscal years ended september 30,                             2020                  2019                  2018
operating revenues                                           $5,566.5              $5,669.4              $6,204.5              (2       %)           (9       %)
operating income                                              1,048.9               1,466.9               2,028.2             (28       %)          (28       %)
operating margin                                                 18.8   %              25.9   %              32.7   %
net income attributable to franklin resources, inc.            $798.9              $1,195.7                $764.4             (33       %)           56        %
diluted earnings per share                                      $1.59                 $2.35                 $1.39             (32       %)           69        %
as adjusted (non-gaap):4
adjusted operating income                                    $1,491.1              $1,654.2              $2,093.5             (10       %)          (21       %)
adjusted operating margin                                        38.5   %              42.6   %              49.8   %
adjusted net income                                          $1,311.0              $1,331.3                $798.1              (2       %)           67        %
adjusted diluted earnings per share                             $2.61                 $2.62                 $1.45       0                %           81        %
___________________
1   includes the impact of the company's acquisition of legg mason, inc. which was effective july 31, 2020. see note 3 - acquisitions in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of part ii of this annual report for information.
2   in fiscal year 2020, the company changed the presentation of its consolidated statements of income to include dividend and interest income and other expenses from consolidated investment products in non-operating income (expense). amounts for the comparative prior fiscal years have been reclassified to conform to the current presentation. these reclassifications had no impact on previously reported net income attributable to franklin resources, inc.
3   defined as operating income divided by total operating revenues.
4   "adjusted operating income," "adjusted operating margin," "adjusted net income" and "adjusted diluted earnings per share" are based on methodologies other than generally accepted accounting principles. see "supplemental non-gaap financial measures" for definitions and reconciliations of these measures.
the company acquired legg mason effective july 31, 2020, and the results of operations for fiscal year 2020 include two months of legg mason's results. operating income decreased $418.0 million in fiscal year 2020 due to a 2% decrease in operating revenues and a 7% increase in operating expenses which reflected higher levels of compensation and benefits expense, including acquisition-related retention costs, other acquisition-related expenses, and amortization and impairments of intangible assets and goodwill. net income attributable to franklin resources, inc. decreased $396.8 million primarily due to the decrease in operating income, as the impact of declines in market valuations amid global concerns about the covid-19 pandemic resulted in net investment and other losses of $38.4 million, as compared to net gains of $141.4 million in the prior year, less the portion attributable to noncontrolling interests, was largely offset by lower taxes on income.
operating income decreased $561.3 million in the fiscal year ended september 30, 2019 ("fiscal year 2019") due to a 9% decrease in operating revenues and a 1% increase in operating expenses. net income attributable to franklin resources, inc. increased $431.3 million primarily due to a prior year estimated income tax charge of $968.8 million resulting from enactment of the tax cuts and jobs act of 2017 (the "tax act"), partially offset by the decrease in operating income.
diluted earnings per share decreased in fiscal year 2020 and increased in fiscal year 2019, consistent with the changes in net income and the impacts of 2% and 6% decreases in diluted average common shares outstanding primarily resulting from repurchases of shares of our common stock.
36
adjusted operating income decreased $163.1 million in fiscal year 2020 primarily due to a 10% increase in compensation and benefits expense, excluding non-gaap adjustments. adjusted net income decreased $20.3 million primarily due to the decrease in adjusted operating income substantially offset by lower taxes on income, excluding the net income tax expense of non-gaap adjustments.
adjusted operating income decreased $439.3 million in fiscal year 2019 primarily due to an 8% decrease in adjusted operating revenues and a 6% increase in compensation and benefits expense, excluding non-gaap adjustments. adjusted net income attributable to franklin resources, inc. increased $533.2 million primarily due to a prior-year estimated income tax charge of $968.8 million resulting from enactment of the tax act, partially offset by the decrease in adjusted operating income.
adjusted diluted earnings per share decreased in fiscal year 2020 and increased in fiscal year 2019, consistent with the changes in adjusted net income and the impacts of the decreases in diluted average common shares outstanding.
assets under management in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2020, we revised our presentation of aum to disclose aum by asset class and introduced a simplified presentation of long-term net flows to incorporate all client-driven flow activity, which is defined as long-term inflows net of long-term outflows. additionally, we report cash management net flows as a separate component of total net flows. these changes reflect the new breadth of our business and the expansion of our client base and investment vehicle offerings, both of which expanded significantly beyond retail mutual funds following the acquisition of legg mason.
aum by asset class was as follows:
(in billions)                                                                              2020 vs. 2019         2019 vs. 2018
as of september 30,                   2020                2019                2018
fixed income                    $656.7              $250.6              $258.5              162        %           (3   %)
equity                           432.0               263.9               304.6               64        %          (13   %)
multi-asset                      133.8               123.6               126.7                8        %           (2   %)
alternative                      124.0                45.0                18.0              176        %          150   %
cash management                   72.4                 9.5                 9.3              662        %            2   %
total                         $1,418.9              $692.6              $717.1              105        %           (3   %)
average for the year            $832.9              $697.0              $740.5               19        %           (6   %)
aum at september 30, 2020 increased 105% from september 30, 2019 driven by $806.5 billion from acquisitions, partially offset by $61.6 billion of long-term net outflows, $9.9 billion of cash management net outflows and $8.7 billion from net market change, distributions and other.
aum at september 30, 2019 decreased 3% from september 30, 2018 as $31.8 billion of long-term net outflows and $20.0 billion of net market change, distributions and other, were partially offset by $26.4 billion from an acquisition and $0.9 billion of cash management net inflows.
changes in average aum are generally more indicative of trends in revenue for providing investment management services than the year-over-year change in ending aum.
37
average aum and the mix of average aum by asset class are shown below.
(in billions)                                                                            average aum         2020 vs. 2019         2019 vs. 2018
for the fiscal years ended september 30,                2020                2019                2018
fixed income                                      $330.5              $256.1              $275.2               29        %           (7   %)
equity                                             290.3               275.5               310.8                5        %          (11   %)
multi-asset                                        123.0               122.2               129.3                1        %           (5   %)
alternative                                         63.8                33.7                17.2               89        %           96   %
cash management                                     25.3                 9.5                 8.0              166        %           19   %
total                                             $832.9              $697.0              $740.5               19        %           (6   %)
mix of average aum for the fiscal years ended september 30,          2020           2019           2018
fixed income                                   39    %        37    %        37    %
equity                                         35    %        40    %        42    %
multi-asset                                    15    %              %              %
alternative                                     8    %         5    %              %
cash management                                      %         1    %         1    %
total                                         100    %       100    %       100    %
components of the change in aum are shown below. net market change, distributions and other includes appreciation (depreciation), distributions to investors that represent return on investments and return of capital, and foreign exchange revaluation.
(in billions)                                                                                                    2020 vs. 2019         2019 vs. 2018
for the fiscal years ended september 30,                    2020                2019                2018
beginning aum                                         $692.6              $717.1              $753.2               (3       %)           (5   %)
long-term inflows                                      182.4               175.0               165.5                4        %            6   %
long-term outflows                                    (244.0   )          (206.8   )          (203.5   )           18        %            2   %
long-term net flows                                    (61.6   )           (31.8   )           (38.0   )           94        %          (16   %)
cash management net flows                               (9.9   )             0.9                 3.5               nm                   (74   %)
total net flows                                        (71.5   )           (30.9   )           (34.5   )          131        %          (10   %)
acquisitions                                           806.5                26.4                 9.8               nm                   169   %
net market change, distributions and other              (8.7   )           (20.0   )           (11.4   )          (57       %)           75   %
ending aum                                          $1,418.9              $692.6              $717.1              105        %           (3   %)
38
components of the change in aum by asset class were as follows:
(in billions)
for the fiscal year ended                            fixedincome               equity           multi-asset           alternative           cashmanagement                 total september 30, 2020
aum at october 1, 2019                              $250.6                $263.9               $123.6                 $45.0                    $9.5                   $692.6
long-term inflows                                     79.7                  64.3                 27.8                  10.6                       -                    182.4
long-term outflows                                  (112.9     )           (90.2    )           (33.6     )            (7.3     )                 -                   (244.0   )
long-term net flows                                  (33.2     )           (25.9    )            (5.8     )             3.3                       -                    (61.6   )
cash management net flows                                -                     -                    -                     -                    (9.9      )              (9.9   )
total net flows                                      (33.2     )           (25.9    )            (5.8     )             3.3                    (9.9      )             (71.5   )
acquisitions                                         449.4                 183.2                 22.5                  75.8         75.6                               806.5
net market change, distributions and other           (10.1     )            10.8                 (6.5     )            (0.1     )              (2.8      )              (8.7   )
aum at september 30, 2020                           $656.7                $432.0               $133.8                $124.0                   $72.4                 $1,418.9
(in billions)
for the fiscal year ended                            fixedincome               equity           multi-asset           alternative       cashmanagement                   total september 30, 2019
aum at october 1, 2018                              $258.5                $304.6               $126.7                 $18.0             $9.3                        $717.1
long-term inflows                            75.6                  58.5                 34.8                            6.1             -                            175.0
long-term outflows                                   (81.9     )           (83.5    )           (35.9     )            (5.5     )       -                           (206.8   )
long-term net flows                                   (6.3     )           (25.0    )            (1.1     )             0.6             -                            (31.8   )
cash management net flows                                -                     -                    -                     -                     0.9                    0.9
total net flows                                       (6.3     )           (25.0    )            (1.1     )             0.6                     0.9                  (30.9   )
acquisition                                              -                     -                    -                  26.4             -                             26.4
net market change, distributions and other            (1.6     )           (15.7    )            (2.0     )               -             (0.7          )              (20.0   )
aum at september 30, 2019                           $250.6                $263.9               $123.6                 $45.0             $9.5                        $692.6
(in billions)
for the fiscal year ended                            fixedincome               equity           multi-asset           alternative       cashmanagement                   total september 30, 2018
aum at october 1, 2017                              $286.0                $311.7               $132.5                 $16.7             $6.3                        $753.2
long-term inflows                            71.2                           63.9        25.6                            4.8             -                            165.5
long-term outflows                                   (82.4     )           (88.5    )           (29.0     )            (3.6     )       -                           (203.5   )
long-term net flows                                  (11.2     )           (24.6    )            (3.4     )             1.2             -                            (38.0   )
cash management net flows                                -                     -                    -                     -                     3.5                    3.5
total net flows                                      (11.2     )           (24.6    )            (3.4     )             1.2                     3.5                  (34.5   )
acquisition                                              -                   9.8                    -                     -             -                              9.8
net market change, distributions and other           (16.3     )             7.7                 (2.4     )             0.1             (0.5          )              (11.4   )
aum at september 30, 2018                           $258.5                $304.6               $126.7                 $18.0             $9.3                        $717.1
aum increased $726.3 billion or 105% during fiscal year 2020 as $806.5 billion from acquisitions was partially offset by $61.6 billion of long-term net outflows, $9.9 billion of cash management net outflows and $8.7 billion of net market change, distributions and other. acquisitions included $797.4 billion from the acquisition of legg mason and $9.1 billion from other acquisitions. long-term inflows increased 4% to $182.4 billion, as compared to the prior year, due to higher inflows in all long-term asset classes except multi-asset. long-term outflows increased 18% to $244.0 billion due to higher outflows in all long-term asset classes except multi-asset, most significantly in fixed income products. long-term net outflows included outflows of $27.6 billion from six fixed income funds, $7.3 billion from seven institutional products, $6.2 billion from three equity funds and $3.6 billion from a multi-asset fund, partially offset by inflows of $6.0 billion in two equity funds, $4.0 billion in three fixed income funds, $2.0 billion in two institutional products and $1.3 billion in a private open-end product. net
39
market change, distributions and other primarily consists of $24.8 billion of long-term distributions, partially offset by $15.8 billion of market appreciation. the market appreciation occurred primarily in the equity asset class, and reflected positive returns in global equity markets as evidenced by increases of 15.2% and 11.0% in the s&p 500 index and msci world index.
aum decreased $24.5 billion or 3% during fiscal year 2019 due to $31.8 billion of long-term net outflows and $20.0 billion of net market change, distributions and other, partially offset by $26.4 billion from an acquisition. long-term inflows increased 6% to $175.0 billion due to higher inflows in all the long-term asset classes except the equity asset class, and long-term outflows increased 2% to $206.8 billion due to higher outflows in the multi-asset and alternative asset classes, partially offset by lower outflows in the equity asset class. long-term net outflows included outflows of $7.0 billion from six institutional clients, of which $2.9 billion was from canadian mandates and $2.1 billion was due to two clients' mandatory redemption policies following portfolio manager departures; $4.3 billion from two equity funds; $2.7 billion from a fixed income fund; $1.4 billion from an institutional fixed income product; $1.3 billion from a multi-asset fund; $1.2 billion from two sub-advised institutional products and $1.0 billion from a sub-advised variable annuity client. the outflows were partially offset by inflows of $1.9 billion in a fixed income fund and $1.8 billion in an equity fund. net market change, distributions and other primarily consists of $31.5 billion of long-term distributions and a $2.9 billion decrease from foreign exchange revaluation, partially offset by $14.4 billion of market appreciation. the foreign exchange revaluation resulted from aum in products that are not u.s. dollar denominated, which represented 14% of total aum as of september 30, 2019, and was primarily due to strengthening of the u.s. dollar against the euro, canadian dollar, australian dollar and pound sterling. the market appreciation occurred in all long-term asset classes except equity, and reflected positive returns in global fixed income markets as evidenced by a 7.6% increase in the bloomberg barclays global aggregate index.
aum by sales region was as follows:
(in billions)                                                                                        2020 vs. 2019     2019 vs. 2018
as of september 30,                             2020                2019                2018
united states                           $1,024.0              $477.9              $482.0              114        %       (1   %)
international asia-pacific                               168.6                89.0                91.4               89        %       (3   %)
europe, middle east and africa             141.8                87.9                98.3               61        %      (11   %)
latin america1                              59.4                13.5                15.6              340        %      (13   %)
canada                                      25.1                24.3                29.8                3        %      (18   %)
total international                       $394.9              $214.7              $235.1               84        %       (9   %)
total                                   $1,418.9              $692.6              $717.1              105        %       (3   %)
______________
1   includes north america-based advisers serving non-resident clients.
average aum by sales region was as follows:
(in billions)                                                                                                2020 vs. 2019     2019 vs. 2018
for the fiscal years ended september 30,                2020                2019                2018
united states                                     $587.2              $473.3              $491.1               24        %       (4   %)
international asia-pacific                                       102.4                90.4                95.2               13        %       (5   %)
europe, middle east and africa                      97.8                91.5               105.8                7        %      (14   %)
latin america1                                      23.1                14.6                17.3               58        %      (16   %)
canada                                              22.4                27.2                31.1              (18       %)      (13   %)
total international                               $245.7              $223.7              $249.4               10        %      (10   %)
total                                             $832.9              $697.0              $740.5               19        %       (6   %)
______________
1   includes north america-based advisers serving non-resident clients.
the percentage of average aum in the united states sales region was 70%, 68% and 66% for fiscal years 2020, 2019 and 2018.
40
the region in which investment products are sold may differ from the geographic area in which we provide investment management and related services to the products.
investment performance overview a key driver of our overall success is the long-term investment performance of our investment products. a measure of the performance of these products is the percentage of aum exceeding peer group medians and benchmarks. we compare the relative performance of our mutual funds against peers, and our institutional products against benchmarks. approximately half of our mutual fund aum exceeded the peer group median comparisons for all periods presented. our institutional products generated strong long-term results with at least 63% of aum exceeding the benchmark comparisons for all periods presented, primarily driven by the performance of our fixed income products which had at least 73% of aum exceeding the benchmark comparisons.
the performance of our mutual fund products against peer group medians and of our institutional products against benchmarks is presented in the table below.
peer group comparison                                                  benchmark comparison
% of mutual fund aumin top two peer group quartiles                            % of institutional aum exceeding benchmark as of september 30, 2020            1-year               3-year               5-year              10-year          1-year            3-year            5-year           10-year fixed income                     58   %      53            %               51      %            56      %        73     %          80     %          92     %          97     %
equity                           48   %      56            %               56      %            47      %        28     %          33     %          27     %          50     %
total aum3                            %                    %               47      %            58      %        63     %          69     %          73     %          84     %
_______________
1   mutual fund performance is sourced from morningstar and measures the percent of ranked aum in the top two quartiles versus peers. total mutual fund aum measured for the 1-, 3-, 5- and 10-year periods represents 39%, 38%, 38% and 36% of our total aum as of september 30, 2020.
2   institutional performance measures the percent of institutional aum beating its benchmark. the benchmark comparisons are based on each account's/composite's (composites may include retail separately managed accounts and mutual fund assets managed as part of the same strategy) return as compared to a market index that has been selected to be generally consistent with the asset class of the account/composite. total institutional aum measured for the 1-, 3-, 5- and 10-year periods represents 55%, 54%, 52% and 48% of our total aum as of september 30, 2020.
3   total aum includes performance of our multi-asset and alternative aum, which each represent 9% of our total aum at september 30, 2020.
mutual fund performance data includes u.s. and cross-border domiciled mutual funds and exchange-traded funds, and excludes cash management and fund of funds. these results assume the reinvestment of dividends, are based on data available as of october 12, 2020 and are subject to revision. while we remain focused on achieving strong long-term performance, our future peer group and benchmark rankings may vary from our past performance.
41
operating revenues the table below presents the percentage change in each operating revenue category.
(in millions)                                                                                                      2020 vs. 2019         2019 vs. 2018
for the fiscal years ended september 30,                  2020                  2019                  2018
investment management fees                        $3,981.7              $3,985.2              $4,367.5                0   %                (9   %)
sales and distribution fees                        1,362.0               1,444.6               1,599.8               (6   %)              (10   %)
shareholder servicing fees                           195.1                 216.3                 221.9              (10   %)               (3   %)
other                                                 27.7                  23.3                  15.3               19   %        52           %
total operating revenues                          $5,566.5              $5,669.4              $6,204.5               (2   %)               (9   %)
investment management fees investment management fees are generally calculated under contractual arrangements with our investment products and the products for which we provide sub-advisory services as a percentage of aum. annual fee rates vary by asset class and type of services provided. fee rates for products sold outside of the u.s. are generally higher than for u.s. products.
investment management fees decreased $3.5 million in fiscal year 2020 primarily due to a 7% decrease in average aum, lower effective investment management fee rate and lower performance fees of the legacy franklin business, largely offset by $427.6 million of revenue earned by legg mason subsequent to the acquisition. the decrease in average aum of the legacy franklin business occurred primarily in the fixed income and equity asset classes, partially offset by an increase in the alternative asset class, and across all sales regions except europe, middle east and africa.
investment management fees decreased $382.3 million in fiscal year 2019 primarily due to a 6% decrease in average aum, a $59.6 million decrease from a change in presentation of certain fees from investment management fees to distribution fees upon adoption of new revenue recognition accounting guidance on october 1, 2018, and a lower effective investment management fee rate, partially offset by higher performance fees. the decrease in average aum occurred primarily in the equity, fixed income and multi-asset asset classes, partially offset by an increase in the alternative asset class, and across all sales regions, most significantly in the u.s. and europe, middle east and africa.
our effective investment management fee rate excluding performance fees (investment management fees excluding performance fees divided by average aum) was 47.3, 56.4 and 58.7 basis points for fiscal years 2020, 2019 and 2018. the rate decrease in fiscal year 2020 was primarily due to the legg mason acquisition, as legg mason generally has a lower overall effective fee rate due to a higher mix of institutional and fixed income aum. the fee rate decrease is also due to higher weighting of aum in lower-fee products, a shift from higher-fee products in the u.s. sales region to lower-fee products in europe, middle east and africa sales regions for the fixed income asset class, and certain sponsored funds in india with total aum of $3.4 billion at september 30, 2020, which are subject to the decision of the funds' trustees to wind up the funds (see note 16 - commitments and contingencies in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of part ii of this annual report for further information), and for which the company no longer earns investment management fees.
performance-based investment management fees were $44.0 million, $52.9 million and $21.2 million for fiscal years 2020, 2019 and 2018. the decrease in fiscal year 2020 was primarily due to lower performance fees earned from a private debt fund, separate accounts, and a real estate fund, while the increase in fiscal year 2019 was primarily due to the higher fees earned from the same funds. the decrease in fiscal year 2020 was partially offset by $15.0 million of performance fees earned by legg mason subsequent to the acquisition.
42
u.s. industry asset-weighted average management fee rates were as follows:
(in basis points)                                          industry average for the fiscal years ended september 30,       2020        2019        2018
fixed income                                     27
equity3
multi-asset                                                              40
alternative4                                     62          72          77
cash management                                  16          16          16
________________
1   u.s. industry asset-weighted average management fee rates were calculated using information available from lipper, a refinitiv company, as of september 30, 2020, 2019 and 2018 and include all u.s.-registered open-end funds that reported expense data to lipper as of the funds' most recent annual report date, and for which expenses were equal to or greater than zero. as defined by lipper, management fees include fees from providing advisory and fund administration services. the averages combine retail and institutional funds data and include all share classes and distribution channels, without exception. variable annuity and fund of fund products are not included.
2   the decreases in the average rate in fiscal years 2020 and 2019 reflect higher weightings of two large low-fee passive funds and lower weightings of two large higher-fee actively managed funds.
3   the decreases in the average rate in fiscal years 2020 and 2019 reflect higher weightings of two large low-fee passive funds.
4   the decreases in the average rate in fiscal years 2020 and 2019 reflect higher weightings of one large low-fee passive fund.
the declines in u.s. industry average management fee rates for long-term asset classes generally reflect increased investor demand for lower-fee passive funds. our actual effective investment management fee rates are generally higher than the u.s. industry average rates as we actively manage substantially all of our products and have a higher level of international aum, both of which generate higher fees. our fiscal year 2020 effective fee rates in the u.s. generally decreased to a greater extent than the average industry rates following the acquisition of legg mason on july 31, 2020 and are expected to decrease further in the fiscal year ending september 30, 2021 which will include a full year of legg mason results.
our product offerings and global operations are diverse. as such, the impact of future changes in aum on investment management fees will be affected by the relative mix of asset class, geographic region, distribution channel and investment vehicle of the assets.
sales and distribution fees sales and distribution fees primarily consist of upfront sales commissions and ongoing distribution fees. sales commissions are earned from the sale of certain classes of sponsored funds at the time of purchase ("commissionable sales") and may be reduced or eliminated depending on the amount invested and the type of investor. therefore, sales fees generally will change with the overall level of gross sales, the size of individual transactions, and the relative mix of sales between different share classes and types of investors.
our sponsored mutual funds generally pay us distribution fees in return for sales, marketing and distribution efforts on their behalf. the majority of our u.s. mutual funds, with the exception of certain money market funds and certain other funds specifically designed for purchase through separately managed account programs, have adopted distribution plans under rule 12b-1 (the "rule 12b-1 plans") promulgated under the investment company act of 1940. the rule 12b-1 plans permit the funds to pay us for marketing, marketing support, advertising, printing and sales promotion services relating to the distribution of their shares, subject to the rule 12b-1 plans' limitations on amounts based on daily average aum. we earn distribution fees from our non-u.s. funds based on daily average aum.
we pay substantially all of our sales and distribution fees to the financial advisers, broker-dealers and other intermediaries that sell our funds on our behalf. see the description of sales, distribution and marketing expenses below.
43
sales and distribution fees by revenue driver are presented below.
(in millions)                                                                                                      2020 vs. 2019     2019 vs. 2018
for the fiscal years ended september 30,                  2020                  2019                  2018
asset-based fees                                  $1,096.3              $1,188.2              $1,314.3               (8   %)          (10   %)
sales-based fees                                     245.9                 244.0                 270.3                1   %           (10   %)
contingent sales charges                              19.8                  12.4                  15.2               60   %           (18   %)
sales and distribution fees                       $1,362.0              $1,444.6              $1,599.8               (6   %)          (10   %)
asset-based distribution fees decreased $91.9 million in fiscal year 2020 primarily due to decreases of $79.2 million from a 7% decrease in the related average aum and $38.6 million from a higher mix of lower-fee u.s. assets, partially offset by a $35.3 million increase from fees earned by legg mason subsequent to the acquisition. asset-based distribution fees decreased $126.1 million in fiscal year 2019 primarily due to decreases of $120.5 million from a 9% decrease in the related average aum and $67.6 million from a lower mix of u.s. class c assets which have higher fee rates than other share classes, partially offset by a $59.6 million increase from a change in presentation of certain fees to distribution fees from investment management fees upon adoption of new revenue recognition accounting guidance on october 1, 2018.
sales-based fees increased $1.9 million in fiscal year 2020 primarily due to increases of $9.8 million from fees earned by legg mason subsequent to the acquisition, $7.2 million from higher u.s. product commissionable sales and, $2.9 million from a higher mix of equity sales, which typically generate higher sales fees than fixed income products. the increases were substantially offset by a decrease of $18.7 million from lower non-u.s. product commissionable sales. sales-based fees decreased $26.3 million in fiscal year 2019 primarily due to decreases of $18.2 million from lower total commissionable sales and $5.3 million from a lower mix of u.s. product commissionable sales.
contingent sales charges are earned from investor redemptions within a contracted period of time. substantially all of these charges are levied on certain shares sold without a front-end sales charge, and vary with the mix of redemptions of these shares. contingent sales charges increased $7.4 million in fiscal year 2020 and decreased $2.8 million in fiscal year 2019 primarily due to changes in redemptions.
shareholder servicing fees substantially all shareholder servicing fees are earned from our sponsored funds for providing transfer agency services, which include providing shareholder statements, transaction processing, customer service and tax reporting. these fees are primarily determined based on a percentage of aum and either the number of transactions in shareholder accounts or the number of shareholder accounts, while fees from certain funds are based only on aum. in addition, fund reimbursements of expenses incurred while providing transfer agency services are recognized as revenue effective october 1, 2018 under new revenue recognition guidance.
shareholder servicing fees decreased $21.2 million in fiscal year 2020 primarily due to lower levels of related aum and transactions. shareholder servicing fees decreased $5.6 million in fiscal year 2019 primarily due to lower levels of related aum and transactions, partially offset by $8.6 million of fund expense reimbursement revenue.
other other revenue increased $4.4 million and $8.0 million in fiscal years 2020 and 2019 primarily due to higher miscellaneous fee revenues.
44
operating expenses the table below presents the percentage change in each operating expense category.
(in millions)                                             2020                  2019                  2018         2020 vs. 2019         2019 vs. 2018
for the fiscal years ended september 30, compensation and benefits                         $1,873.9              $1,584.7              $1,390.6               18        %           14        %
sales, distribution and marketing                  1,703.1               1,819.6               2,039.7               (6       %)          (11       %)
information systems and technology                   288.4                 258.5                 243.9               12        %            6        %
occupancy                                            147.9                 133.6                 128.6               11        %            4        %
amortization of intangible assets                     54.0                  14.7                   1.8              267        %          717        %
general, administrative and other                    450.3                 391.4                 371.7               15        %            5        %
total operating expenses                          $4,517.6              $4,202.5              $4,176.3                7        %            1        %
compensation and benefits the components of compensation and benefits expenses are presented below.
(in millions)                                                                                                      2020 vs. 2019         2019 vs. 2018
for the fiscal years ended september 30,                  2020                  2019                  2018
salaries, wages and benefits                      $1,072.1                $974.9                $928.4               10        %            5        %
variable compensation                                551.2                 490.6                 454.3               12        %            8        %
acquisition-related retention                        195.8                  63.7                   7.9              207        %          706        %
special termination benefits                          54.8                  55.5                     -               (1       %)           nm compensation and benefits expenses                $1,873.9              $1,584.7              $1,390.6               18        %           14        %
salaries, wages and benefits increased $97.2 million and $46.5 million in fiscal year 2020 and 2019, primarily due to increases of $56.9 million and $23.8 million from higher average staffing levels primarily resulting from acquisitions, and $19.3 million and $24.5 million for annual salary increases that were effective december 1 of each fiscal year, partially offset by decreases of $5.9 million and $12.5 million from favorable foreign currency impacts. the increase in fiscal year 2020 also included a $16.2 million increase in other termination benefits.
variable compensation increased $60.6 million and $36.3 million in fiscal year 2020 and 2019, primarily due to increases of $67.7 million and $52.4 million related to acquired firms' bonus plans and $10.0 million and $2.2 million related to private equity and other product performance fees, partially offset by decreases of $9.6 million and $18.0 million in bonus expense primarily due to lower expectations of our annual performance. variable compensation related to unvested mutual fund awards decreased $11.3 million in fiscal year 2020 and increased $3.8 million in fiscal year 2019. the increases in fiscal year 2019 were also partially offset by a $7.9 million decrease in stock and stock unit award amortization.
acquisition-related retention expenses increased $132.1 million in fiscal year 2020 primarily related to the acquisition of legg mason, and increased $55.8 million in fiscal year 2019 primarily related to the acquisition of benefit street partners, l.l.c. ("bsp").
special termination benefits relate to workforce optimization initiatives related to the acquisition of legg mason in fiscal year 2020, and voluntary separation and workforce reduction initiatives of 4.5% of our global workforce in fiscal year 2019.
we expect to incur acquisition-related retention expenses of approximately $150 million during the fiscal year ending september 30, 2021 ("fiscal year 2021"), and amounts that decrease by approximately $20 million per year in the following three fiscal years. at september 30, 2020, our global workforce had increased to approximately 11,800 employees from approximately 9,600 at september 30, 2019.
we continue to place a high emphasis on our pay for performance philosophy. as such, any changes in the underlying performance of our investment products or changes in the composition of our incentive compensation offerings could have an impact on compensation and benefits expenses going forward. however, in order to attract and retain talented individuals, our level of compensation and benefit expenses may increase more quickly or decrease more slowly than our revenue.
45
sales, distribution and marketing sales, distribution and marketing expenses primarily relate to services provided by financial advisers, broker-dealers and other intermediaries to our sponsored funds, including marketing support services. substantially all sales expenses are incurred from the same commissionable sales transactions that generate sales fee revenues and are determined as a percentage of sales. substantially all distribution expenses are incurred from assets that generate distribution fees and are determined as a percentage of aum. marketing support expenses are based on aum, sales or a combination thereof. also included is the amortization of deferred sales commissions related to upfront commissions on shares sold without a front-end sales charge. the deferred sales commissions are amortized over the periods in which commissions are generally recovered from related revenues.
sales, distribution and marketing expenses by cost driver are presented below.
(in millions)                                               2020                  2019                  2018     2020 vs. 2019        2019 vs. 2018
for the fiscal years ended september 30, asset-based expenses                                $1,369.0              $1,476.0              $1,703.9           (7   %)             (13   %)
sales-based expenses                                   253.8                 257.8                 255.1           (2   %)               1   %
amortization of deferred sales commissions              80.3                  85.8                  80.7           (6   %)               6   %
sales, distribution and marketing                   $1,703.1              $1,819.6              $2,039.7           (6   %)             (11   %)
asset-based expenses decreased $107.0 million in fiscal year 2020 primarily due to decreases of $107.4 million from an 8% decrease in the related average aum and $53.4 million from a higher mix of lower-fee u.s. assets, partially offset by a $58.6 million increase in expenses incurred by legg mason subsequent to the acquisition. asset-based expenses decreased $227.9 million in fiscal year 2019 primarily due to decreases of $161.4 million from a 10% decrease in the related average aum, and $64.3 million from a lower mix of u.s. class c assets which have higher expense rates than other share classes. distribution expenses are generally not directly correlated with distribution fee revenues due to certain international fee structures that do not provide full recovery of distribution costs.
sales-based expenses decreased $4.0 million in fiscal year 2020 primarily due to a $20.3 million decrease from lower non-u.s. product commissionable sales, largely offset by an $8.6 million increase in expenses incurred by legg mason subsequent to the acquisition and a $7.5 million increase from higher u.s. product commissionable sales. u.s. products typically generate higher sales commissions than non-u.s. products. sales-based expenses increased $2.7 million in fiscal year 2019 primarily due to increases of $22.6 million from the recognition of sales commissions on u.s. class c shares as expense at the time of sale and $10.0 million from revised u.s. dealer commission pricing effective september 2018, partially offset by decreases of $14.2 million from lower total commissionable sales and $12.6 million in india primarily related to regulatory-driven changes in fee structure. the recognition of sales commissions on u.s. class c shares as expense at the time of sale is consistent with the treatment of contract costs with a useful life of one year or less under new revenue recognition accounting guidance adopted on october 1, 2018. the commissions relate to shares sold without a front-end sales charge and were deferred and amortized over one year in prior years.
amortization of deferred sales commissions decreased $5.5 million in fiscal year 2020, primarily due to a $15.0 million decrease from lower sales of non-u.s. shares sold without front-end sales charge, partially offset by an $8.6 million increase from higher sales of u.s. shares. amortization of deferred sales commissions increased $5.1 million in fiscal year 2019, as the impact of higher sales of shares sold without a front-end sales charge was largely offset by the change in accounting for u.s. class c shares discussed above, which resulted in no further deferral and amortization. the unamortized deferred class c commission balance of $9.1 million at september 30, 2018 was reversed against retained earnings upon adoption of the new accounting guidance.
information systems and technology information systems and technology expenses increased $29.9 million in fiscal year 2020 primarily due to expenses of legg mason subsequent to closing of the acquisition. information systems and technology expenses increased $14.6 million in fiscal year 2019 primarily due to higher external data service and software costs.
46
occupancy we conduct our worldwide operations using a combination of leased and owned facilities. occupancy expenses include rent and other facilities-related costs including depreciation and utilities.
occupancy expenses increased $14.3 million in fiscal year 2020 primarily due to expenses of legg mason subsequent to closing of the acquisition, and higher depreciation expense related to our buildings in san mateo, california and poznan, poland which we occupied beginning in the second half of fiscal year 2019, partially offset by lower levels of rent expense and building maintenance costs. occupancy expenses increased $5.0 million in fiscal year 2019 primarily due to higher levels of rent expense and building depreciation and maintenance costs, partially offset by a $6.3 million decrease in equipment impairment.
amortization of intangible assets amortization of intangible assets increased $39.3 million in fiscal year 2020 primarily related to the acquisition of legg mason, and increased $12.9 million in fiscal year 2019 primarily related to the acquisition of bsp. see note 9 - goodwill and other intangible assets in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of part ii of this annual report for information on definite-lived intangible assets.
general, administrative and other general, administrative and other operating expenses primarily consist of professional fees, fund-related service fees payable to external parties, impairments of intangible assets and goodwill, advertising and promotion, travel and entertainment, and other miscellaneous expenses.
general, administrative and other operating expenses increased $58.9 million in fiscal year 2020, primarily due to increases of $48.0 million in acquisition-related professional fees and $19.3 million of post-acquisition general and administrative expenses, both related to legg mason. additionally, impairments of intangible assets and goodwill increased $42.1 million primarily related to assets recognized from the acquisitions of bsp and onsa, inc., (formally known as tokenvault, inc.). the increases were partially offset by decreases of $24.6 million in travel and entertainment expenses and $13.8 million in advertising and promotion expenses, both primarily due to lower activity levels, and by a prior year litigation settlement.
general, administrative and other operating expenses increased $19.7 million in fiscal year 2019 primarily due to a $13.9 million litigation settlement and higher third-party service fees and professional fees. third-party fees primarily for sub-advisory and fund administration services increased $13.7 million, including $8.6 million from the recognition of certain payments reimbursed by funds as expense upon adoption of new revenue recognition accounting guidance on october 1, 2018. professional fees increased $10.6 million primarily related to the acquisition of bsp. the increases were partially offset by decreases of $11.1 million in contingent consideration expense for the k2 advisors holdings, llc ("k2") acquisition and $8.6 million in advertising and promotion.
47
other income (expenses)
other income (expenses) consisted of the following:
(in millions)                                                                                                                            2020 vs. 2019         2019 vs. 2018
for the fiscal years ended september 30,                                            2020                2019                2018
investment and other income (losses), net                                     $(38.4   )          $141.4              $200.3               nm                   (29   %)
interest expense                                                               (33.4   )           (22.4   )           (46.3   )           49   %               (52   %)
investment and other income of consolidated investment products, net            70.2                78.8                59.6              (11   %)       32           %
expenses of consolidated investment products                                   (29.4   )           (16.9   )           (26.6   )           74   %               (36   %)
other income (expenses), net                                                  $(31.0   )          $180.9              $187.0               nm                    (3   %)
in fiscal year 2020, the company changed the presentation of its consolidated statements of income to include dividend and interest income and other expenses from consolidated investment products ("cips") in non-operating income (expense). amounts for the comparative prior fiscal years have been reclassified to conform to the current presentation. see note 1 - significant accounting policies in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of part ii of this annual report for more information.
investment and other income (losses), net consists primarily of income (losses) from equity method investees, dividend and interest income, rental income from excess owned space in our san mateo, california corporate headquarters and other office buildings which we lease to third parties, foreign currency exchange gains (losses), and gains (losses) on investments held by the company.
investment and other income (losses), net decreased $179.8 million in fiscal year 2020 primarily due to the impact of steep declines in market valuations on investment income, lower dividend and interest income, and foreign exchange losses, partially offset by an increase in rental income. losses from equity method investees increased $87.7 million, primarily related to investments in two global equity funds. dividend income decreased $48.1 million primarily due to lower yields on money market funds. net foreign currency exchange losses were $22.3 million in fiscal year 2020 as compared to net gains of $13.1 million in the prior year. the decrease was primarily due to the impact of the weakening of the u.s. dollar against the euro on cash and cash equivalents denominated in u.s. dollars held in europe.
interest income decreased $16.7 million primarily due to lower levels of cash equivalents and debt securities and lower interest rates. the decreases were partially offset by a $10.2 million increase in rental income due to additional leases which took effect in fiscal year 2020.
investment and other income (losses), net decreased $58.9 million in fiscal year 2019 primarily due to losses from equity method investees, as compared to income in the prior year, lower interest income and losses on investments held by the company, as compared to gains in the prior year. these decreases were largely offset by higher dividend income and higher foreign exchange gains. equity method investees generated losses of $10.4 million as compared to income of $44.4 million in the prior year primarily due to changes in market valuations of investments held by two global equity funds. interest income decreased $45.5 million primarily due to lower levels of cash equivalents and debt securities, partially offset by higher interest rates. investments held by the company generated net losses of $9.7 million primarily due to $9.0 million of other-than-temporary impairment of an available-for-sale debt security, as compared to net gains of $6.0 million in the prior year. the decreases were partially offset by a $45.9 million increase in dividend income primarily due to higher yields on, and investments in, money market funds. net foreign currency exchange gains increased $12.5 million primarily from the impact of strengthening of the u.s. dollar against the euro on cash and cash equivalents denominated in u.s. dollars held in europe.
interest expense increased $11.0 million in fiscal year 2020 primarily due to interest expense recognized on debt of legg mason subsequent to the acquisition. interest expense decreased $23.9 million in fiscal year 2019 primarily due to $12.5 million of prior year costs related to early redemption of senior notes and lower debt balances.
investment and other income of consolidated investment products, net consists of dividend and interest income and investment gains (losses) on investments held by cips. expenses of consolidated investment products primarily consists of fund-related expenses, including professional fees and other administrative expenses, and interest expense. significant portions of the investment and other income of consolidated investment products, net and expenses of consolidated investment products are offset in noncontrolling interests in our consolidated statements of income.
48
investment and other income of consolidated investment products, net decreased $8.6 million in fiscal year 2020. net losses on investments held by cips increased $12.6 million primarily from holdings of various alternative funds partially offset by gains from holdings of various equity funds and a u.s. fixed income fund. this decrease was partially offset by a $4.0 million increase in dividend and interest income of cips.
investment and other income of consolidated investment products, net increased $19.2 million in fiscal year 2019. net losses on investments held by cips decreased $28.7 million primarily from holdings of various global/international funds and a u.s. fixed income fund. this increase was partially offset by a $9.5 million decrease in investment income of cips.
expenses of consolidated investment products increased $12.5 million in fiscal year 2020, primarily due to higher expenses incurred by two alternative funds. expenses of consolidated investment products decreased $9.7 million in fiscal year 2019, primarily due to lower expenses incurred by an equity fund and a fixed income fund.
our investments in sponsored funds include initial cash investments made in the course of launching mutual fund and other investment product offerings, as well as investments for other business reasons. the market conditions that impact our aum similarly affect the investment income earned or losses incurred on our investments in sponsored funds.
our cash, cash equivalents and investments portfolio by asset class and accounting classification at september 30, 2020, excluding third-party assets of cips, was as follows:
accounting classification 1                                                                                                                                              total direct portfolio
(in millions)                                     cash and cash equivalents                  investments,            equity method investments            otherinvestments            direct investmentsin cips at fair value cash and cash equivalents                         $3,026.8                                      $-                               $-                             $-                                $-                           $3,026.8
investments fixed income                                      -                                          198.7                            139.7                           40.8                             242.9                              622.1
equity                                            -                                          209.4                            308.9                           22.8                              67.9                              609.0
multi-asset                                       -                                           64.4                             50.2                              -                              64.3                              178.9
alternative                                       -                                           32.3                            183.4                           19.9                             410.2                              645.8
total investments                                 -                                          504.8                            682.2                           83.5                             785.3                            2,055.8
total cash and cash equivalents and investments   $3,026.8                                  $504.8                           $682.2                          $83.5                            $785.3                           $5,082.6
______________
1   see note 1 - significant accounting policies and note 6 - investments in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of part ii of this annual report for information on investment accounting classifications.
taxes on income the tax act, which was enacted into law in the u.s. in december 2017, includes various changes to the tax law, including a permanent reduction in the corporate income tax rate from 35% to 21% effective january 1, 2018 and assessment of a one-time transition tax on the deemed repatriation of post-1986 undistributed foreign subsidiaries' earnings. we completed our analysis of the tax act impact during the quarter ended december 31, 2018 with no significant adjustment to the provisional amounts previously recorded. the transition tax expense recognized in fiscal year 2018 was net of an $87.6 million tax benefit related to u.s. taxation of deemed foreign dividends. this benefit was reversed in fiscal year 2019 upon issuance of final regulations by the u.s. department of treasury.
our effective income tax rate for fiscal year 2020 was 22.7% as compared to 26.8% in fiscal year 2019 and 66.5% in fiscal year 2018. the rate decrease in fiscal year 2020 was primarily due to the prior-year reversal of the tax benefit included in the transition tax related to u.s. taxation of deemed foreign dividends upon issuance of final regulations by the u.s. department of treasury for the tax act, tax benefits from capital losses subsequent to the change in corporate tax structure of a foreign holding company to a u.s. branch, and a statutory rate reduction enacted in india in december 2019. these decreases were partially offset by an increase in the tax rate due to a lower mix of earnings in lower tax jurisdictions. the coronavirus aid, relief, and economic security act, which includes several corporate tax provisions and was signed into law on march 27, 2020, did not have a material impact on our income taxes. the rate decrease in fiscal year 2019 was primarily
49
due to the prior year impact of the transition tax, net of the tax benefit from the revaluation of net deferred tax liabilities at the lower statutory rate, and the current year impact of the lower 21% statutory rate as compared to the prior-year blended statutory rate of 24.5%, partially offset by the reversal of the tax benefit related to the u.s. taxation of deemed foreign dividends. our effective income tax rate excluding the one-time impacts of the tax act was 21.6% and 22.7% for fiscal years 2019 and 2018.
our effective income tax rate reflects the relative contributions of earnings in the jurisdictions in which we operate, which have varying tax rates. changes in our pre-tax income mix, tax rates or tax legislation in such jurisdictions may affect our effective income tax rate and net income.
supplemental non-gaap financial measures as supplemental information, we are providing performance measures for "adjusted operating income," "adjusted operating margin," "adjusted net income" and "adjusted diluted earnings per share," each of which is based on methodologies other than generally accepted accounting principles ("non-gaap measures"). management believes these non-gaap measures are useful indicators of our financial performance and may be helpful to investors in evaluating our relative performance against industry peers as these measures exclude the impact of cips and mitigate the margin variability related to sales and distribution revenues and expenses across multiple distribution channels globally. these measures also exclude performance-based investment management fees which are fully passed through as compensation and benefits expense per the terms of a previous acquisition by legg mason and have no impact on net income. these non-gaap measures also exclude acquisition-related expenses, certain items which management considers to be nonrecurring, unrealized investment gains and losses included in investment and other income (losses), net, and the related income tax effect of these adjustments, as applicable. these non-gaap measures also exclude the impact on compensation and benefits expense which is offset by gains and losses in investment and other income (losses), net on investments made to fund deferred compensation plans and on seed investments under certain historical revenue sharing arrangements.
"adjusted operating income," "adjusted operating margin," "adjusted net income" and "adjusted diluted earnings per share" are defined below, followed by reconciliations of operating income, operating margin, net income attributable to franklin resources, inc. and diluted earnings per share on a u.s. gaap basis to these non-gaap measures. non-gaap measures should not be considered in isolation from, or as substitutes for, any financial information prepared in accordance with u.s. gaap, and may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures of other companies. additional reconciling items may be added in the future to these non-gaap measures if deemed appropriate.
adjusted operating income we define adjusted operating income as operating income adjusted to exclude the following:
   elimination of operating revenues upon consolidation of investment products.
   acquisition-related retention compensation.
   impact on compensation and benefits expense from gains and losses on investments related to legg mason deferred compensation plans and seed investments, which is offset in investment and other income (expense), net.
   other acquisition-related expenses including professional fees and fair value adjustments related to contingent consideration liabilities.
   amortization and impairment of intangible assets and goodwill.
   special termination benefits related to workforce optimization initiatives related to the acquisition of legg mason in fiscal year 2020, and voluntary separation and workforce reduction initiatives of 4.5% of our global workforce in fiscal year 2019.
50
adjusted operating margin we calculate adjusted operating margin as adjusted operating income divided by adjusted operating revenues. we define adjusted operating revenues as operating revenues adjusted to exclude the following:
   acquisition-related performance-based investment management fees which are passed through as compensation and benefits expense.
   sales and distribution fees and a portion of investment management fees allocated to cover sales, distribution and marketing expenses paid to the financial advisers and other intermediaries who sell our funds on our behalf.
   elimination of operating revenues upon consolidation of investment products.
adjusted net income we define adjusted net income as net income attributable to franklin resources, inc. adjusted to exclude the following:
   activities of cips, including investment and other income (losses), net, other expenses and income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests, net of revenues eliminated upon consolidation of investment products.
   acquisition-related retention compensation.
   other acquisition-related expenses including professional fees and fair value adjustments related to contingent consideration liabilities and the market-based component of retention awards.
   amortization and impairment of intangible assets.
   impairment of goodwill and write off of noncontrolling interests related to the wind down of a recently acquired business.
   special termination benefits related to workforce optimization initiatives related to the acquisition of legg mason in fiscal year 2020, and voluntary separation and workforce reduction initiatives of 4.5% of our global workforce in fiscal year 2019.
   net gains or losses on investments related to legg mason deferred compensation plans which are not offset by compensation and benefits expense.
   unrealized investment gains and losses included in investment and other income (losses), net, other than those that are offset by compensation and benefits expense.
   interest expense for amortization of legg mason debt premium from acquisition-date fair value adjustment.
   net income tax expense of the above adjustments based on the respective blended rates applicable to the adjustments.
adjusted diluted earnings per share we define adjusted diluted earnings per share as diluted earnings per share adjusted to exclude the per share impacts of the adjustments applied to net income in calculating adjusted net income.
in calculating adjusted operating income, adjusted operating margin, adjusted net income and adjusted diluted earnings per share, we adjust for activities of cips because the impact of consolidated products are not considered reflective of the underlying results of our operations. we adjust for acquisition-related retention compensation, other acquisition-related expenses, amortization and impairment of intangible assets and goodwill, the write-off of noncontrolling interests, and interest expense for amortization of the legg mason debt premium to facilitate comparability of our operating results with the results of other asset management firms. we adjust for special termination benefits related to workforce optimization initiatives related to the acquisition of legg mason in fiscal year 2020 and certain voluntary separation and workforce reduction initiatives because these items are deemed nonrecurring. in calculating adjusted net income and adjusted diluted earnings per share, we adjust for unrealized investment gains and losses included in investment and other income (losses), net and net gains or losses on investments related to legg mason deferred compensation plans which are not offset by compensation and benefits expense because these items primarily relate to seed and strategic investments which have been and are generally expected to be held long term.
51
the calculations of adjusted operating income, adjusted operating margin, adjusted net income and adjusted diluted earnings per share are as follows:
(in millions)                                                                                                   2020                  2019                  2018
for the fiscal years ended september 30, operating income                                                                                        $1,048.9              $1,466.9              $2,028.2
add (subtract):
elimination of operating revenues upon consolidation of investment products1                                23.6                  30.7                  35.2
acquisition-related retention                                                                              195.8                  63.7                   7.9
compensation and benefits expense from gain on deferred compensation and seed investments, net               1.2                     -                     -
other acquisition-related expenses                                                                          57.4                   9.4                  14.7
amortization of intangible assets                                                                           54.0                  14.7                   1.8
impairment of goodwill and intangible assets                                                                55.4                  13.3                   5.7
special termination benefits                                                                                54.8                  55.5                     -
adjusted operating income                                                                               $1,491.1              $1,654.2              $2,093.5
total operating revenues                                                                                $5,566.5              $5,669.4              $6,204.5
add (subtract):
acquisition-related pass through performance fees                                                           (9.4   )                 -                     -
sales and distribution fees                                                                             (1,362.0   )          (1,444.6   )          (1,599.8   )
allocation of investment management fees for sales, distribution and marketing expenses                   (341.1   )            (375.0   )            (439.9   )
elimination of operating revenues upon consolidation of investment products1                                23.6                  30.7                  35.2
adjusted operating revenues                                                                             $3,877.6              $3,880.5              $4,200.0
operating margin                                                                                            18.8   %              25.9   %              32.7   %
adjusted operating margin                                                                                   38.5   %              42.6   %              49.8   %
52
(in millions, except per share data)                                                                                 2020                  2019                2018
for the fiscal years ended september 30, net income attributable to franklin resources, inc.                                                            $798.9              $1,195.7              $764.4
add (subtract):
net income of consolidated investment products1                                                                  (4.6   )              (3.7   )            (5.8   )
acquisition-related retention                                                                                   195.8                  63.7                 7.9
other acquisition-related expenses                                                                               58.6                   9.4                14.5
amortization of intangible assets                                                                                54.0                  14.7                 1.8
impairment of goodwill and intangible assets                                                                     55.4                  13.3                 5.7
special termination benefits                                                                                     54.8                  55.5                   -
net gains on deferred compensation plan investments not offset by compensation and benefits expense              (0.1   )                 -                   -
unrealized investment losses included in investment and other income (losses), net                              221.0                  20.0                15.3
interest expense for amortization of debt premium                                                                (4.7   )                 -                   -
write off of noncontrolling interests                                                                           (16.7   )                 -                   -
net income tax expense of adjustments                                                                          (101.4   )             (37.3   )            (5.7   )
adjusted net income                                                                                          $1,311.0              $1,331.3              $798.1
diluted earnings per share                                                                                      $1.59                 $2.35               $1.39
adjusted diluted earnings per share                                                                              2.61                  2.62                1.45
__________________
1   the impact of consolidated investment products is summarized as follows:
(in millions)                                                               2020                2019                2018
for the fiscal years ended september 30, elimination of operating revenues upon consolidation                  $(23.6   )          $(30.7   )          $(35.2   )
other income, net                                                       33.6                39.8                18.6
less: income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests             5.4                 5.4               (22.4   )
net income                                                              $4.6                $3.7                $5.8
liquidity and capital resources cash flows were as follows:
(in millions)
for the fiscal years ended september 30,                  2020                  2019   2018
operating cash flows                              $1,021.4                $201.6              $2,229.7
investing cash flows                              (3,243.1   )          (1,077.1   )            (290.4   )
financing cash flows                                 194.2                 (40.5   )          (3,761.7   )
net cash provided by operating activities increased in fiscal year 2020 primarily due to lower net purchases of investments by cips, decreases in investments, net, decreases in receivables and other assets, and a smaller decline in taxes payable, partially offset by decreases in accounts payable and accrued expenses, and decreases in net income. net cash used in investing activities increased as compared to the prior year, primarily due to higher cash paid for acquisitions, and net purchases of investments by clos, partially offset by net consolidation of cips as compared to net deconsolidation in the prior year, higher net liquidation of our investments as compared to the prior year, and lower net additions of property, plant and equipment. net cash provided by financing activities, as compared to net cash used in the prior year, primarily resulted from proceeds from debt of cips and lower repurchases of stock, partially offset by lower net subscriptions in cips by noncontrolling interests and payments on debt by cips.
53
net cash provided by operating activities decreased in fiscal year 2019 primarily due to activities of cips which had net purchases of investments as compared to net liquidations in the prior year. net cash used in investing activities increased primarily due to cash paid for bsp and higher net additions of property and equipment primarily related to construction of two new buildings at our corporate headquarters campus in san mateo, california and a purchased office building in poznan, poland. net cash used in financing activities decreased primarily due to lower dividends paid on, and repurchases of, common stock, higher net subscriptions in cips by noncontrolling interests, and a prior-year debt payment.
the assets and liabilities of cips attributable to third-party investors do not impact our liquidity and capital resources. we have no right to the cips' assets, other than our direct equity investment in them and investment management and other fees earned from them. the debt holders of the cips have no recourse to our assets beyond the level of our direct investment, therefore we bear no other risks associated with the cips' liabilities. accordingly, the assets and liabilities of cips, other than our direct investments in them, are excluded from the amounts and discussion below.
our liquid assets and debt consisted of the following:
(in millions)
as of september 30,                        2020                  2019                  2018
assets cash and cash equivalents          $3,026.8              $5,803.4              $6,610.8
receivables                         1,114.8                 740.0                 733.7
investments                           982.2               2,029.4               2,130.6
total liquid assets                $5,123.8              $8,572.8              $9,475.1
liability debt                               $3,017.1                $696.9                $695.9
liquidity liquid assets consist of cash and cash equivalents, receivables and certain investments. cash and cash equivalents at september 30, 2020 primarily consist of money market funds and deposits with financial institutions. liquid investments consist of investments in sponsored and other funds, direct investments in redeemable cips, other equity and debt securities, and time deposits with maturities greater than three months.
we utilize a significant portion of our liquid assets to satisfy operational and regulatory requirements and fund capital contributions to sponsored and other products. certain of our subsidiaries are required by our internal policy or regulation to maintain minimum levels of cash and/or capital, and may be restricted in their ability to transfer cash to their parent companies. liquid assets used to satisfy these purposes were $3,290.9 million at september 30, 2020 and $3,429.0 million at september 30, 2019, including $316.6 million and $263.3 million that was restricted by regulatory requirements. should we require more capital than is available for use, we could elect to reduce the level of discretionary activities, such as share repurchases or investments in sponsored and other products, or we could raise capital through debt or equity issuance. these alternatives could result in increased interest expense, decreased dividend or interest income, or other dilution to our earnings.
capital resources we believe that we can meet our present and reasonably foreseeable operating cash needs and future commitments through existing liquid assets, continuing cash flows from operations, the ability to issue debt or equity securities and borrowing capacity under our uncommitted private placement program.
in prior fiscal years, we issued senior unsecured unsubordinated notes for general corporate purposes, to redeem outstanding notes and to finance an acquisition. at september 30, 2020, $699.5 million of the notes were outstanding with an aggregate principal amount due of $700.0 million. the notes were issued at fixed interest rates and consist of $300.0 million at 2.800% per annum which mature in 2022 and $400.0 million at 2.850% per annum which mature in 2025.
54
additionally, legg mason has outstanding senior and junior unsecured unsubordinated notes with an aggregate principal amount due of $2,000.0 million at september 30, 2020. the notes have fixed interest rates from 3.950% to 6.375% with interest payable semi-annually for senior notes and quarterly for junior notes, and have an aggregate carrying value, inclusive of unamortized premium, of $2,319.7 million at september 30, 2020.
the senior notes contain an optional redemption feature that allows us to redeem each series of notes prior to maturity in whole or in part at any time, at a make-whole redemption price. the junior notes due march 2056 and september 2056 may only be redeemed in whole prior to march 2021 and september 2021, respectively. the indentures governing the senior notes contain limitations on our ability and the ability of our subsidiaries to pledge voting stock or profit participating equity interests in our subsidiaries to secure other debt without similarly securing the notes equally and ratably. in addition, the indentures include requirements that must be met if we consolidate or merge with, or sell all of our assets to, another entity. we were in compliance with all debt covenants at september 30, 2020.
on october 19, 2020, the company completed its offering and sale of the 1.600% notes due 2030 with a principal amount of $750.0 million. the notes contain an optional redemption feature that allows the company to redeem each series of notes prior to maturity in whole or in part at any time, at a make-whole redemption price.
at september 30, 2020, we had $500.0 million of short-term commercial paper available for issuance under an uncommitted private placement program which has been inactive since 2012 and is unrated.
our ability to access the capital markets in a timely manner depends on a number of factors, including our credit rating, the condition of the global economy, investors' willingness to purchase our securities, interest rates, credit spreads and the valuation levels of equity markets. if we are unable to access capital markets in a timely manner, our business could be adversely impacted.
uses of capital we expect that our main uses of cash will be to invest in and grow our business, pay stockholder dividends, invest in our products, pay income taxes and operating expenses of the business, enhance technology infrastructure and business processes, repurchase shares of our common stock, fund property and equipment purchases, and service and repay debt. while we expect to continue to repurchase shares to offset dilution from share-based compensation, and expect to continue to repurchase shares opportunistically from time to time, we will likely spend more of our post-dividend free cash flow investing in our business, including seed capital and acquiring resources to help grow our investment teams, affiliates and operations.
we repatriate the earnings in excess of regulatory, capital or operational requirements for all non-u.s. subsidiaries.
we declare dividends on a quarterly basis. we declared regular dividends of $1.08 per share ($0.27 per share per quarter) in fiscal year 2020, and of $1.04 per share ($0.26 per share per quarter) in fiscal year 2019. we currently expect to continue paying comparable regular dividends on a quarterly basis to holders of our common stock depending upon earnings and other relevant factors.
we maintain a stock repurchase program to manage our equity capital with the objective of maximizing shareholder value. our stock repurchase program is effected through regular open-market purchases and private transactions in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, and is not subject to an expiration date. the size and timing of these purchases will depend on business conditions, price, market and other factors. during fiscal years 2020 and 2019, we repurchased 9.0 million and 24.6 million shares of our common stock at a cost of $219.4 million and $756.3 million. at september 30, 2020, 38.2 million shares remained available for repurchase under the authorization of 80.0 million shares approved by our board of directors in april 2018.
we redeemed $636.6 million, net of investments, in our sponsored products during fiscal year 2020, and invested $128.0 million, net of redemptions, during fiscal year 2019.
on july 31, 2020, we acquired all of the outstanding common stock of legg mason for a purchase consideration of $4.5 billion in cash and $0.2 billion related to the settlement of historical compensation arrangements. during the fiscal year 2020, we completed additional acquisitions with a total purchase consideration of $94.8 million in cash, including the acquisitions of pennsylvania trust company, advisorengine inc., athena capital advisors, llc and onsa, inc. on february 1, 2019, we acquired all of the outstanding ownership interests in bsp for a purchase consideration of $720.1 million in cash.
55
in february 2020, we purchased an office building in edinburgh, scotland with a total cost of approximately $40 million. during fiscal year 2019, we completed construction of two new buildings at our corporate headquarters campus in san mateo, california with a total cost of approximately $130 million and purchased an office building in poznan, poland with a total cost of approximately $86 million. the buildings are used in our business operations, and portions of the edinburgh building and california campus are leased to third parties.
the funds that we manage have their own resources available for purposes of providing liquidity to meet shareholder redemptions, including securities that can be sold or provided to investors as in-kind redemptions, and lines of credit. current increased liquidity risks and redemptions in these funds have required, and may continue to require, increased cash in the form of loans or other lines of credit to help settle redemptions and for other related purposes. while we have no legal or contractual obligation to do so, we have in certain instances voluntarily elected to provide the funds with direct or indirect financial support based on our business objectives. in april 2020, we authorized loans aggregating up to 5.0 billion indian rupees (approximately $66.2 million) to certain sponsored funds in india that had experienced increased liquidity risks and redemptions and that are subject to the decision of the fund's trustee to wind up the funds. see note 16 - commitments and contingencies in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of part ii of this annual report for further information. the loans have a fixed interest rate of 8.0% per annum, are secured by the funds' assets and are due upon demand. at september 30, 2020, the loans have an aggregate outstanding balance of $42.4 million, and the remaining authorization available is approximately $4.9 million. we did not provide financial or other support to our sponsored funds during fiscal year 2019.
56
contractual obligations and commitments and contingent liabilities the following table summarizes our contractual obligations and commitments.
(in millions)                                                                                                                                                                               payments due by fiscal year as of september 30, 2020                                                              2021                2022                2023                2024                2025                 there-                 total after debt principal                                                                           $-              $300.0                  $-              $250.0              $400.0              $1,750.0               $2,700.0
interest                                                                         125.2               125.2               116.8               116.8               101.2               1,913.9                2,499.1
operating leases                                                                 134.8               131.5               125.4                89.0                50.2                 153.5                  684.4
purchase obligations                                                             186.7               112.4                60.9                46.2                28.7                   8.2                  443.1
purchase consideration obligation                                                 47.9                31.9                   -                   -                   -                     -                   79.8
total contractual obligations                                                    494.6               701.0               303.1               502.0               580.1               3,825.6                6,406.4
committed capital contributions                                                  335.6                   -                   -                   -                   -                     -                  335.6
contingent consideration liabilities                                               1.7                10.2                 8.1                 7.1                   -                     -                   27.1
federal transition tax liability                                                  53.3                74.1                74.1               138.9               185.2                 231.6                  757.2
total contractual obligations, commitments, and contingent liabilities          $885.2              $785.3              $385.3              $648.0              $765.3              $4,057.2               $7,526.3
__________________
1   debt principal represents amounts due on maturity. excludes 1.600% notes with a principal amount of $750.0 million due 2030 which were issued on october 19, 2020. see note 22 - subsequent event in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of part ii of this annual report.
2   purchase obligations include contractual amounts that will be due to purchase goods and services to be used in our operations and may be canceled at earlier times than those indicated under certain conditions that may include termination fees.
3   represents purchase consideration payments to be made in connection with the acquisition of legg mason.
4   committed capital contributions relate to discretionary commitments to invest in sponsored funds and other investment products and entities, including cips. generally, the timing of the funding of these commitments is unknown as they are callable on demand at any time prior to the expiration of the commitment periods.
5   the amount of contingent consideration liabilities reflected for any year represents the expected settlement amounts as of september 30, 2020. the fair value of the aggregate contingent consideration liability at september 30, 2020 totaled $25.3 million and is included in other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet.
6   transition tax on the deemed repatriation of post-1986 undistributed foreign subsidiaries' earnings under the tax act.
the debt holders of cips have no recourse to our assets beyond the level of our direct investments, therefore we bear no risks associated with these entities' liabilities and have not included them in the table above. see note 11 - consolidated investment products in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of part ii of this annual report.
at september 30, 2020, our consolidated balance sheet included liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits of $262.9 million and related accrued interest of $24.6 million (see note 14 - taxes on income in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of part ii of this annual report). because of the high degree of uncertainty regarding the timing and amounts of future cash outflows, unrecognized tax benefits and related accrued interest are not included in the table above.
critical accounting policies our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america, which require the use of estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the periods presented. these estimates, judgments and assumptions are affected by our application of accounting policies. further, global concerns about the covid-19 pandemic have adversely affected, and we expect will continue to adversely affect, our business, financial condition and results of operations including the estimates and assumptions made by management. actual results could differ from the estimates. described below are the accounting policies that we believe are most critical to understanding our financial position and results of operations. for additional information about our accounting policies, see note 1 - significant accounting policies in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of part ii of this annual report.
57
consolidation we consolidate our subsidiaries and investment products in which we have a controlling financial interest. we have a controlling financial interest when we own a majority of the voting interest in a voting interest entity ("voe") or are the primary beneficiary of a variable interest entity ("vie").
a vie is an entity in which the equity investment holders have not contributed sufficient capital to finance its activities or do not have defined rights and obligations normally associated with an equity investment. the assessment of whether an entity is a vie or voe involves judgment and analysis on a structure-by-structure basis. when performing the assessment we consider factors such as the entity's legal organization and capital structure, the rights of the equity investment holders and our contractual involvement with and ownership interest in the entity. substantially all of our vies are investment products and our variable interests consist of our equity ownership interests in and investment management fees earned from these products.
we are the primary beneficiary of a vie if we have the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the vie's economic performance and the obligation to absorb losses of or right to receive benefits from the vie that could potentially be significant to the vie. investment management fees earned from vies are excluded from the primary beneficiary determination if they are deemed to be at market and commensurate with service. the key estimates and assumptions used in the analyses include the amount of aum and the life of the investment product. these estimates and assumptions are subject to variability. for example, aum is impacted by market volatility and the level of sales, redemptions, distributions to investors and reinvested distributions. there is judgment involved in assessing whether we have the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact vies' economic performance and the obligation to absorb losses of or right to receive benefits from vies that could potentially be significant to the vies. as of september 30, 2020, we were the primary beneficiary of 43 investment product vies.
business combinations business combinations are accounted for by recognizing the acquired assets, including separately identifiable intangible assets, and assumed liabilities at their acquisition-date estimated fair values. any excess of the purchase consideration over the acquisition-date fair values of these identifiable assets and liabilities is recognized as goodwill. determining the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions. during the measurement period, which is not to exceed one year from the acquisition date, we may record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, with the corresponding offset to goodwill. upon the conclusion of the measurement period, any subsequent adjustments are recorded in earnings.
intangible assets acquired in business combinations consist primarily of investment management contracts and trade names. the fair values of the acquired management contracts are based on the net present value of estimated future cash flows attributable to the contracts, which include significant assumptions about forecasts of the aum growth rate, pre-tax profit margin, discount rate, average effective fee rate and effective tax rate. the fair value of trade names is determined using the relief from royalty method based on net present value of estimated future cash flows, which include significant assumptions about royalty rate, revenue growth rate, discount rate and effective tax rate. our estimates are based on assumptions believed to be reasonable, but are inherently uncertain and unpredictable and, as a result, may differ from actual results.
the company's management contract intangible assets are amortized over their estimated useful lives, which range from three to fifteen years, using the straight-line method, unless the asset is determined to have an indefinite useful life. indefinite-lived intangible assets represent contracts to manage investment assets for which there is no foreseeable limit on the contract period. trade names are amortized over their estimated useful lives which range from five to twenty years using the straight-line method.
on july 31, 2020, the company acquired all outstanding shares of legg mason common stock for purchase consideration of $4.5 billion in cash and $0.2 billion related to the settlement of historical compensation arrangements, and recognized $2.3 billion of goodwill, $2.7 billion of indefinite-lived intangible assets related to investment management contracts and $1.4 billion of definite-lived intangible assets primarily related to investment management contracts and trade names.
goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are tested for impairment annually and when an event occurs or circumstances change that more likely than not reduce the fair value of the related reporting unit or indefinite-lived intangible asset below its carrying value. we have one reporting unit, investment management and related services, consistent with our single operating segment, to which all goodwill has been assigned. we make significant estimates and assumptions when evaluating goodwill and other intangible assets for impairment.
58
we may first assess goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for qualitative factors to determine whether it is necessary to perform a quantitative impairment test. the qualitative analysis considers entity-specific and macroeconomic factors and their potential impact on the key assumptions used in the determination of the fair value of the reporting unit or indefinite-lived intangible asset. a quantitative impairment test is performed if the results of the qualitative assessment indicate that it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying value or an indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired, or if a qualitative assessment is not performed. quantitative tests compare the fair value of the asset to its carrying value.
the fair values of the reporting unit and indefinite-lived intangible assets are based on the net present value of estimated future cash flows, which include significant assumptions about the aum growth rate, pre-tax profit margin, discount rate, average effective fee rate and effective tax rate. the most relevant of these assumptions to the determination of estimated fair value are the aum growth rate, pre-tax profit margin and the discount rate.
we performed our annual impairment tests for goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets as of august 1, 2020. we performed a qualitative test for goodwill and a substantial portion of the indefinite-lived intangible assets and concluded it is more likely than not that the fair value of the specific intangible assets exceeds their carrying value. we performed a quantitative test for approximately 21% of indefinite-lived intangible assets, and recognized $30.0 million of impairments of indefinite-lived intangible assets. the company recognized $23.7 million of impairment of goodwill directly attributable to the company's decision to wind-down onsa, inc. which was acquired on october 24, 2019 and had not been integrated into the company. the impairments of indefinite-lived intangible assets were primarily due to a reduction in the revenue growth rate assumption for a benefit street partners' private debt fund resulting from declines in interest rates and continued market volatility. the estimated fair values of substantially all of the other indefinite-lived intangible assets exceeded their carrying values by more than 47%. we estimated the discounted future cash flows for indefinite-lived intangible assets using compounded annual aum growth rates ranging from (10.0%) to 11.6%, which were developed taking into account ongoing volatility in the capital markets, and a discount rate of 8.1%, which is based on our weighted average cost of capital. a hypothetical 200 basis point decline in the aum growth rates or a 200 basis point increase in the discount rate would not reduce the estimated fair values of the other indefinite-lived intangible assets below their carrying values.
we subsequently monitored market conditions and their potential impact on the assumptions used in the annual calculations of fair value to determine whether circumstances have changed that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of the reporting unit below its carrying value, or indicate that the other indefinite-lived intangible assets might be impaired. we considered, among other things, changes in our aum and weighted-average cost of capital by assessing whether these changes would impact the reasonableness of the assumptions used in the impairment tests as of august 1, 2020. we also monitored fluctuations of our common stock per share price to evaluate our market capitalization relative to the reporting unit as a whole. subsequent to august 1, 2020, there were no impairments of goodwill or indefinite-lived intangible assets as no events occurred or circumstances changed that would indicate these assets might be impaired.
we test definite-lived intangible assets for impairment quarterly. impairment is indicated when the carrying value of an asset is not recoverable and exceeds its fair value. recoverability is evaluated based on estimated undiscounted future cash flows using assumptions about the aum growth rate, pre-tax profit margin, average effective fee rate and expected useful life as well as royalty rate for trade name intangible assets. the most relevant of these assumptions to determine future cash flows is the aum growth rate. if the carrying value of an asset is not recoverable through undiscounted cash flows, impairment is recognized in the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the asset's fair value, as determined by discounted cash flows or other methods as appropriate for the asset type. we recognized $1.7 million of impairment of definite-lived intangible assets during fiscal year 2020 related to edinburgh partners management contracts due to the loss of a significant mandate.
while we believe that the assumptions used to estimate fair value in our impairment tests are reasonable and appropriate, future changes in the assumptions could result in recognition of impairment.
fair value measurements a substantial amount of our investments is recorded at fair value or amounts that approximate fair value on a recurring basis. we use a three-level fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value based on whether the inputs to those valuation techniques are observable or unobservable. the assessment of the hierarchy level of the assets or liabilities measured at fair value is determined based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety. see note 1 - significant accounting policies in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of part ii of this annual report for more information on the fair value hierarchy.
59
as of september 30, 2020, level 3 assets represented 24% of total assets measured at fair value, substantially all of which related to cips' investments in equity and debt securities, and real estate. there were $2.3 million of transfers into and $1.1 million of transfers out of level 3 during fiscal year 2020.
the following are descriptions of the significant assets measured at fair value and their fair value methodologies.
sponsored funds and separate accounts consist primarily of investments in nonconsolidated sponsored funds and to a lesser extent, separate accounts. changes in the fair value of the investments are recognized as gains and losses in earnings. the fair values of funds are determined based on their published nav or estimated using nav as a practical expedient. the fair values of separate accounts are determined using quoted market prices, or independent third-party broker or dealer price quotes if quoted market prices are not available.
investments related to long-term incentive plans consist primarily of investments in sponsored funds related to certain compensation plans that have certain vesting provisions. changes in fair value are recognized as gains and losses in earnings. the fair values of the investments are determined based on the funds' published nav or estimated using nav as a practical expedient.
other equity and debt securities consist of other equity investment securities and debt securities classified as trading or available-for-sale. changes in the fair value of other equity and trading debt securities are recognized as gains and losses in earnings. unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale securities are recorded net of tax as part of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) until realized, at which time they are recognized in earnings using the average cost method. the fair values of equity securities other than funds are determined using independent third-party broker or dealer price quotes or based on discounted cash flows using significant unobservable inputs. the fair values of debt securities are determined using independent third-party broker or dealer price quotes or based on discounted cash flows using significant unobservable inputs.
investments of cips consist of marketable debt and equity securities and other investments that are not generally traded in active markets. changes in the fair value of the investments are recognized as gains and losses in earnings. the fair values of marketable securities are determined using quoted market prices, or independent third-party broker or dealer price quotes if quoted market prices are not available. the investments that are not generally traded in active markets consist of equity and debt securities of entities in emerging markets, fund products, other equity and debt instruments, real estate and loans. the fair values are determined using significant unobservable inputs in either a market-based or income-based approach, except for fund products, for which fair values are estimated using nav as a practical expedient.
noncontrolling interests consist of third-party equity interests in cips and minority interests in certain subsidiaries. noncontrolling interests that are redeemable or convertible for cash or other assets at the option of the noncontrolling interest holders and are classified as temporary equity at fair value, except when the fair value is less than the issuance date fair value, the reported amount is the issuance date fair value. changes in fair value of redeemable noncontrolling interest is recognized as an adjustment to retained earnings. nonredeemable noncontrolling interests do not permit the noncontrolling interest holders to request settlement, are reported at their issuance value and undistributed net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests.
the fair value of third-party equity interests in cips are determined based on the published nav or estimated using nav a practical expedient. the fair value of redeemable noncontrolling interests related to minority interest in certain subsidiaries are derived using discounted cash flows and guideline public company methodology, which include significant assumptions about forecasts of the aum growth rate, pre-tax profit margin, discount rate and operating income multiples.
revenues we earn revenue primarily from providing investment management and related services to our customers. in addition to investment management, services include fund administration, sales and distribution, and shareholder servicing. revenues are recognized when our obligations related to the services are satisfied and it is probable that a significant reversal of the revenue amount would not occur in future periods. the obligations are satisfied over time as the services are rendered, except for the sales and distribution obligations for the sale of shares of sponsored funds, which are satisfied on trade date. multiple services included in customer contracts are accounted for separately when the obligations are determined to be distinct. management judgement is involved in assessing the probability of significant revenue reversal and in the identification of distinct services.
60
fees from providing investment management and fund administration services ("investment management fees"), other than performance-based investment management fees, are determined based on a percentage of aum, primarily on a monthly basis using daily average aum, and are recognized as the services are performed over time. performance-based investment management fees are generated when investment products' performance exceeds targets established in customer contracts. these fees are recognized when the amount is no longer probable of significant reversal and may relate to investment management services that were provided in prior periods.
sales and distribution fees primarily consist of upfront sales commissions and ongoing distribution fees. sales commissions are based on contractual rates for sales of certain classes of sponsored funds and are recognized on trade date. distribution service fees are determined based on a percentage of aum, primarily on a monthly basis using daily average aum. as the fee amounts are uncertain on trade date, they are recognized over time as the amounts become known and may relate to sales and distribution services provided in prior periods.
aum is generally based on the fair value of the underlying securities held by investment products and is calculated using fair value methods derived primarily from unadjusted quoted market prices, unadjusted independent third-party broker or dealer price quotes in active markets, or market prices or price quotes adjusted for observable price movements after the close of the primary market. the fair values of securities for which market prices are not readily available are valued internally using various methodologies which incorporate significant unobservable inputs as appropriate for each security type. pricing of the securities is governed by our global valuation and pricing policy, which defines valuation and pricing conventions for each security type, including practices for responding to unexpected or unusual market events.
as substantially all of our aum is valued based on observable market prices or inputs, market risk is the most significant risk underlying the valuation of our aum.
income taxes deferred tax assets and liabilities are recorded for temporary differences between the tax basis of assets and liabilities and the reported amounts in the consolidated financial statements using the statutory tax rates in effect for the year when the reported amount of the asset or liability is expected to be recovered or settled, respectively. the effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income tax expense in the period that includes the enactment date. a valuation allowance is recorded to reduce the carrying values of deferred tax assets to the amount that is more likely than not to be realized. for each tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return, we determine whether it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination based on the technical merits of the position, including resolution of any related appeals or litigation. a tax position that meets the more likely than not recognition threshold is measured at the largest amount of benefit that is greater than 50% likely of being realized upon settlement.
as a multinational corporation, we operate in various locations outside the u.s. and generate earnings worldwide. we repatriate the foreign earnings that are in excess of regulatory, capital or operational requirements of all of our non-u.s. subsidiaries.
loss contingencies we are involved in various lawsuits and claims encountered in the normal course of business. when such a matter arises and periodically thereafter, we consult with our legal counsel and evaluate the merits of the claims based on the facts available at that time. in management's opinion, an adequate accrual has been made as of september 30, 2020 to provide for any probable losses that may arise from such matters for which we could reasonably estimate an amount. see also note 16 - commitments and contingencies in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of part ii of this annual report.
new accounting guidance see note 2 - new accounting guidance in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of part ii of this annual report.
61
selected quarterly financial data (unaudited)
(in millions, except per share data)
quarter ended                                                    december 31               march 31                june 30             september 30
fiscal year 2020
operating revenues                                            $1,389.2                $1,311.2               $1,161.1               $1,705.0
operating income                                                 372.9                   339.9                  232.5                  103.6
net income attributable to franklin resources, inc.              350.5                    79.1                  290.4                   78.9
earnings per share basic                                                            $0.70                   $0.16                  $0.58                  $0.15
diluted                                                           0.70                    0.16                   0.58                   0.15
dividends declared per share                                     $0.27                   $0.27                  $0.27                  $0.27
aum (in billions)
ending                                                          $698.3                  $580.3                 $622.8               $1,418.9
average                                                          693.8                   655.8                  605.0                1,227.8
fiscal year 20191
operating revenues                                            $1,385.4                $1,412.8               $1,448.4               $1,422.8
operating income                                                 385.3                   367.3                  349.2                  365.1
net income attributable to franklin resources, inc.3             275.9                   367.5                  245.9                  306.4
earnings per share basic                                                            $0.54                   $0.72                  $0.48                  $0.61
diluted                                                           0.54                    0.72                   0.48                   0.61
dividends declared per share                                     $0.26                   $0.26                  $0.26                  $0.26
aum (in billions)
ending                                                          $649.9                  $712.3                 $715.2                 $692.6
average                                                          683.2                   688.6                  710.8                  702.0
__________________
1   in the quarter ended september 30, 2020, the company changed the presentation of its consolidated statements of income to include dividend and interest income and other expenses from consolidated investment products in non-operating income. amounts for the comparative prior fiscal quarters have been reclassified to conform to the current presentation. these reclassifications had no impact on previously reported net income attributable to franklin resources, inc.
2   information presented for the quarter ended september 30, 2020 includes the impact of the legg mason, inc. acquisition effective july 31, 2020. see note 3 - acquisitions in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of part ii of this annual report for more information.
3   the quarter ended june 30, 2019 includes an income tax charge of $86.4 million due to the reversal of a tax benefit recognized in fiscal year 2018 upon issuance of final regulations by the u.s. department of treasury.
risk factors for a description of certain risk factors and other important factors that may affect us, our subsidiaries and our business, please see the description of the risk factors set forth under item 1a of part i of this annual report, which is incorporated herein by reference.
62
