item 1a.    risk factors risk factors our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected by any of the risks and uncertainties described below. additional risks not presently known to us, or that we currently deem immaterial, may also impair our financial condition and business operations. see "cautionary statement regarding forward looking statements."
risks relating to our business and industries our operations may be adversely impacted as a result of pandemic outbreaks, including covid-19.
in december 2019, a strain of novel coronavirus, or covid-19, was first reported and, on march 11, 2020 the world health organization designated the outbreak as a global pandemic. to date, millions of cases have been confirmed globally, and the number of reported cases continues to increase, including in all major geographies in which we operate. the ongoing pandemic could adversely affect our operations, major facilities, or employees' and consumers' health, which could interfere with general commercial activity related to our supply chain and customer base, and in turn could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations.
throughout 2020 and the early 2021, government officials in numerous countries around the world imposed quarantines and significant restrictions, including shelter-in-place and stay-at-home orders, that prohibited many employees from travelling and entering their place of work. many of these restrictions remain in place today. additionally, an increase in the number of observed covid-19 cases may lead to governments re-imposing previous travel and work restrictions or imposing additional restrictions. in locations where such restrictions are in place, bunge has been deemed an essential or life-sustaining operation. to date, we have not seen a significant disruption in our supply chain, have been able to mitigate logistics and distribution issues that have arisen, and substantially all of our facilities around the world have continued to operate at or near normal levels. we have, however, experienced minor temporary workforce disruptions in our supply chain as a result of the covid-19 pandemic. we have implemented employee safety measures, based on guidance from the centers for disease control and prevention, the world health organization, and local requirements and guidelines, across all our supply chain facilities, including proper hygiene, social distancing, mask use, and temperature screenings. these measures may not be sufficient to prevent the spread of covid-19 among our employees. further, in the future, it may be challenging to obtain and process raw materials to support our business needs, and individuals could become ill, quarantined or otherwise unable to work and/or travel due to health reasons or governmental restrictions, which may place constraints on the timeliness of our production capabilities or may increase our costs. also, governments may impose other laws, regulations or taxes that could adversely impact our business, financial condition or results of operations. the challenges faced in implementing nationwide covid-19 vaccinations can also extend the impacts on our business.  even after the covid-19 pandemic has moderated and the business and social distancing restrictions have eased, we may continue to experience similar effects to our businesses, consolidated results of operations, financial position and cash flows resulting from a recessionary economic environment that may persist.
in addition, we cannot predict the impact that the covid-19 pandemic will have on our customers, suppliers, vendors, joint venture and other business partners, and each of their financial conditions. any material adverse effect on these parties could adversely impact us. in this regard, the potential duration and impacts of the covid-19 pandemic on the global economy and on our business, financial condition and results of operations are difficult to predict and cannot be estimated with any degree of certainty, but the pandemic has resulted in significant disruption of global financial markets and increased levels of unemployment and economic uncertainty, which may adversely impact our business. these developments may lead to significant negative impacts on customer spending, demand for our products, the ability of our customers to pay, our financial condition and the financial condition of our suppliers, and may also negatively impact our access to external sources of financing to fund our operations or make capital expenditures.
the potential effects of covid-19 also could impact many of our risk factors, including, but not limited to, our profitability, laws and regulations affecting our business, fluctuations in foreign currency markets, the availability of future borrowings, the costs of current and future borrowings, valuation of our pension assets and obligations, credit risks of our customers and counterparties, our business transformation initiatives and an impairment of the carrying value of goodwill or other indefinite-lived intangible assets. however, given the evolving health, economic, social, and governmental environments, the potential impact that covid-19 could have on our risk factors further described below, and others that cannot yet be identified, remains uncertain.
adverse weather conditions, including as a result of climate change, may adversely affect the availability, quality and price of agricultural commodities and agricultural commodity products, as well as our operations and operating results.
adverse weather conditions have historically caused volatility in the agricultural commodity industry and consequently in our operating results by causing crop failures or significantly reduced harvests, which may affect the supply and pricing of the agricultural commodities that we sell and use in our business, reduce demand for our fertilizer products and negatively affect the creditworthiness of agricultural producers who do business with us.
severe adverse weather conditions, such as hurricanes or severe storms, may also result in extensive property damage, extended business interruption, personal injuries and other loss and damage to us. our operations also rely on dependable and efficient transportation services. a disruption in transportation services, as a result of weather conditions or otherwise, may also significantly adversely impact our operations.
additionally, the potential physical impacts of climate change are uncertain and may vary by region. these potential effects could include changes in rainfall patterns, water shortages, changing sea levels, changing storm patterns and intensities, and changing temperature levels that could adversely impact our costs and business operations, the location, costs and competitiveness of global agricultural commodity production and related storage and processing facilities and the supply and demand for agricultural commodities. these effects could be material to our results of operations, liquidity or capital resources.
we are subject to fluctuations in agricultural commodity and other raw material prices, energy prices and other factors outside of our control that could adversely affect our operating results.
prices for agricultural commodities and their by-products, including, among others, soybeans, corn, wheat, sugar and ethanol, like those of other commodities, are often volatile and sensitive to local and international changes in supply and demand caused by factors outside of our control, including farmer planting and selling decisions, currency fluctuations, government agriculture programs and policies, pandemics (such as the covid-19 pandemic), governmental restrictions or mandates, global inventory levels, demand for biofuels, weather and crop conditions, and demand for and supply of competing commodities and substitutes. these factors may cause volatility in our operating results.
our fertilizer business may also be adversely affected by fluctuations in the prices of agricultural commodities and fertilizer raw materials that are caused by market factors beyond our control. increases in fertilizer prices due to higher raw material costs have in the past and could in the future adversely affect demand for our fertilizer products. additionally, as a result of competitive conditions in our edible oils products, milling products, and fertilizer segments, we may not be able to recoup increases in raw material costs through increases in sales prices for our products, which may adversely affect our profitability.
additionally, our operating costs and the selling prices of certain of our products are sensitive to changes in energy prices. our industrial operations utilize significant amounts of electricity, natural gas and coal, and our transportation operations are dependent upon diesel fuel and other petroleum-based products. significant increases in the cost of these items and currency fluctuations could adversely affect our operating costs and results. we also sell certain biofuel products, such as ethanol and biodiesel, which are closely related to, or may be substituted for, petroleum products. as a result, the selling prices of ethanol and biodiesel can be impacted by the selling prices of oil, gasoline and diesel fuel. in turn, the selling prices of the agricultural commodities and commodity products that we sell, such as corn and vegetable oils that are used as feedstocks for biofuels, are also sensitive to changes in the market price for biofuels, and consequently world petroleum prices. prices for petroleum products and biofuels are affected by market factors and government fuel policies, over which we have no control. lower prices for oil, gasoline or diesel fuel could result in decreased selling prices for ethanol, biodiesel and their raw materials, which could adversely affect our revenues and operating results.
our business is seasonal, and our results may fluctuate depending on the harvest cycle of the crops upon which we rely and seasonal fluctuations related to the sale of our consumer products.
as with any agricultural business enterprise, our business operations are seasonal in nature. for example, in our agribusiness segment, while there is a degree of seasonality in the growing season and procurement of our principal raw materials, such as oilseeds and grains, we typically do not experience material fluctuations in volume between the first and second half of the year since we are geographically diversified between the northern and southern hemispheres. the first quarter of the year, however, has generally been our weakest in terms of financial results due to the timing of the north and south american oilseed harvests, as the north american oilseed harvest peaks in the third and fourth quarters, while the south american harvest peaks in the second quarter. this creates price fluctuations, which result in fluctuations in our inventories and a degree of seasonality in our gross profit. in our fertilizer segment, we are subject to seasonal trends based on the south american agricultural growing cycle as farmers typically purchase the bulk of their fertilizer needs in the second half of the year. in addition, certain of our consumer food products are influenced by holidays and other annual events. seasonality could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial performance. in addition, our quarterly results may vary as a result of the effects of fluctuations in commodities prices, production yields and costs.
we face intense competition in each of our businesses.
we face significant competition in each of our businesses and we have numerous competitors, some of which are larger, more diversified and have greater financial resources than we have. additionally, in recent years we have experienced regional agribusiness competitors entering new geographies where previously they did not compete with us, and certain customers seeking to procure certain commodities directly rather than through historical suppliers such as us. as many of the products we sell are global commodities, the markets for our products are highly price competitive, and in many cases also sensitive to product substitution. additionally, the geographic location of assets can competitively advantage or disadvantage us with respect to our competitors in certain regions. we also face competition from changing technologies and shifting industry practices, such as increased on-farm crop storage in several regions, which allows producers to retain commodities for extended periods and increase price pressure on purchasers such as us. to compete effectively, we must continuously focus on improving efficiency in our production and distribution operations, developing and offering products that meet customer needs, optimizing our geographic presence in key markets, and developing and maintaining appropriate market share and customer relationships. we also compete for talent in our industries, particularly commercial personnel. competition could cause us to lose market share and talented employees, exit certain lines of business, increase marketing or other expenditures, increase our raw material costs or reduce pricing, each of which could have an adverse effect on our business and profitability.
we are vulnerable to the effects of supply and demand imbalances in our industries.
historically, the market for some agricultural commodities and fertilizer products has been cyclical, with periods of high demand and capacity utilization stimulating new plant investment and the addition of incremental processing or production capacity by industry participants to meet the demand. the timing and extent of this expansion may then produce excess supply conditions in the market, which, until the supply/demand balance is again restored, negatively impacts product prices and operating results. during times of reduced market demand, we may suspend or reduce production at some of our facilities. the extent to which we efficiently manage available capacity at our facilities will affect our profitability. we also expect the results from our equity investment in the bp bunge bioenergia joint venture to be impacted by any potential shortage of, or increasing costs for, sugarcane.
we are subject to global and regional economic downturns and related risks.
the level of demand for our products is affected by global and regional demographic and macroeconomic conditions, including population growth rates and changes in standards of living. a significant downturn in global economic growth, or recessionary conditions in major geographic regions, may lead to reduced demand for agricultural commodities and food products, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. further, deteriorating economic and political conditions in our major markets affected by the covid-19 pandemic, such as increased unemployment, decreases in disposable income, declines in consumer confidence, or economic slowdowns or recessions, could cause a decrease in demand for our products.
additionally, weak global economic conditions and adverse conditions in global financial and capital markets, including constraints on the availability of credit, have in the past adversely affected, and may in the future adversely affect, the financial condition and creditworthiness of some of our customers, suppliers and other counterparties, which in turn may negatively impact our financial condition and results of operations. see "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" and "item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk" for more information.
for example, brazil has experienced significant political uncertainty in recent years due to high profile political corruption scandals, the impeachment of a former president, and general uncertainty regarding the election of a new president who took office during 2019. additionally, brazil's economy has been slow to recover from a severe downturn in 2015 and 2016. the depressed and uncertain economic and political environment in brazil has adversely affected consumer confidence levels and spending, which has led to reduced demand for products in our edible oils products and milling products segments in the country. the pace of economic improvement is uncertain, and there can be no assurance that economic and political conditions will not continue to affect market and consumer confidence or deteriorate further in the near term. additionally, a slowdown in china's economy over a prolonged period, including due to the ongoing covid-19 pandemic, could lead to reduced global demand for agricultural commodities. to the extent that such economic and political conditions negatively impact consumer and business confidence and consumption patterns or volumes, our business and results of operations could be significantly and adversely affected.
we are subject to economic, political and other risks of doing business globally and in emerging markets.
we are a global business with a substantial majority of our assets and operations located outside the united states. in addition, our business strategies may involve expanding or developing our business in emerging market regions, including eastern europe, asia-pacific, the middle east and africa. due to the international nature of our business, we are exposed to various risks of international operations, including:
•adverse trade policies or trade barriers on agricultural commodities and commodity products;
•government regulations and mandates in response to the covid-19 pandemic;
•inflation and hyperinflation and adverse economic effects resulting from governmental attempts to control inflation, such as the imposition of wage and price controls and higher interest rates;
•changes in laws and regulations or their interpretation or enforcement in the countries where we operate, such as tax laws, including the risk of future adverse tax regulations relating to our status as a bermuda company;
•difficulties in enforcing agreements or judgments and collecting receivables in foreign jurisdictions;
•exchange controls or other currency restrictions and limitations on the movement of funds, such as on the remittance of dividends by subsidiaries;
•inadequate infrastructure and logistics challenges;
•sovereign risk and the risk of government intervention, including through expropriation, or regulation of the economy or natural resources, including restrictions on foreign ownership of land or other assets;
•the requirement to comply with a wide variety of laws and regulations that apply to international operations, including, without limitation, economic sanctions regulations, labor laws, import and export regulations, anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws, as well as other laws or regulations discussed in this "item 1a. risk factors" section;
•challenges in maintaining an effective internal control environment with operations in multiple international locations, including language differences, varying levels of u.s. generally accepted accounting principles ("u.s. gaap") expertise in international locations and multiple financial information systems; and
•changes in a country's or region's economic or political condition (e.g., brexit);
•labor disruptions, civil unrest, significant political instability, coup attempts, wars or other armed conflict or acts of terrorism.
these risks could adversely affect our operations, business strategies and operating results.
as a result of our international operations, we are also exposed to currency exchange rate fluctuations. changes in exchange rates between the u.s. dollar and other foreign currencies, particularly the brazilian real, canadian dollar, the euro, and chinese yuan/renminbi affect our revenues and expenses that are denominated in local currencies, affect farm economics in those regions and may also have a negative impact on the value of our assets located outside of the united states.
additionally, there continues to be a great deal of uncertainty regarding u.s. and global trade policies for companies with multinational operations like ours. in recent years, there has been an increase in populism and nationalism in various countries around the world and consequently historical free trade principles are being challenged. further, the transition from the trump administration to the biden administration increases uncertainty regarding u.s. trade policies. as we continue to operate our business globally, our success will depend, in part, on the nature and extent of any such changes and how well we are able to anticipate, respond to and effectively manage any such changes.
government policies and regulations affecting the agricultural sector and related industries could adversely affect our operations and profitability.
agricultural commodity production and trade flows are significantly affected by government policies and regulations. governmental policies affecting the agricultural industry, such as taxes, tariffs, duties, subsidies, import and export restrictions, price controls on agricultural commodities and energy policies (including biofuels mandates), can influence industry profitability, the planting of certain crops versus other uses of agricultural resources, the location and size of crop production, whether unprocessed or processed commodity products are traded, and the volume and types of imports and exports. additionally, regulation of financial markets and instruments in the united states and internationally may create uncertainty as these laws are adopted and implemented and may impose significant additional risks and costs that could impact our risk management practices. further, increases in food and fertilizer prices have in the past resulted in increased scrutiny of our industries under antitrust and competition laws in various jurisdictions and increase the risk that these laws could be interpreted, administered or enforced in a manner that could affect our operations or impose liabilities on us that could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. future governmental policies, regulations or actions impacting our industries may adversely affect the supply of, demand for and prices of our products, restrict our ability to do business in existing and target markets, or engage in risk management activities and otherwise cause our financial results to suffer.
finally, international trade disputes can adversely affect agricultural commodity trade flows by limiting or disrupting trade between countries or regions. for example, a trade dispute between the u.s. and china that began in 2018 has led to both countries implementing tariffs on imported goods from the other, including on imports of u.s. soybeans into china. this has led to significant volatility in commodity prices, disruptions in historical trade flows and shifts in planting patterns in the u.s. and south america, which have presented challenges and uncertainties for our business. we cannot predict the effects that future trade policy or the terms of any negotiated trade agreements and their impact on our business could have. additionally, failure to resolve the trade dispute between the countries may also lead to unexpected operating difficulties in china, enhanced regulatory scrutiny in china, greater difficulty transferring funds, or negative currency impacts.
we may not realize the anticipated benefits of acquisitions, divestitures or joint ventures.
we have been an active acquirer of other companies, and we have joint ventures with several partners. part of our strategy involves acquisitions, alliances and joint ventures designed to expand or optimize our portfolio of businesses. our ability to benefit from acquisitions, joint ventures and alliances depends on many factors, including our ability to identify suitable prospects, access funding sources on acceptable terms, negotiate favorable transaction terms and successfully consummate and integrate any businesses we acquire. in addition, we proactively review our portfolio of businesses in order to identify opportunities to enhance shareholder value and may decide as a result of such reviews or otherwise, from time to time, to divest certain of our assets or businesses by selling them or entering into joint ventures. our ability to successfully complete a divestiture will depend on, among other things, our ability to identify buyers that are prepared to acquire such assets or businesses on acceptable terms and to adjust and optimize our retained businesses following the divestiture.
our acquisition, joint venture or divestiture activities may involve unanticipated delays, costs and other problems. if we encounter unexpected problems with acquisitions, joint ventures or divestitures, our senior management may be required to divert attention away from other aspects of our businesses to address these problems. additionally, we may fail to consummate proposed acquisitions, joint ventures or divestitures, after incurring expenses and devoting substantial resources, including management time, to such transactions.
acquisitions also pose the risk that we may be exposed to successor liability relating to actions by an acquired company and its management before the acquisition. the due diligence we conduct in connection with an acquisition, the controls and policies we implement at acquired companies and any contractual guarantees or indemnities that we receive from the sellers of acquired companies, may not be sufficient to protect us from, or compensate us for, actual liabilities. a material liability associated with an acquisition could adversely affect our reputation and results of operations and reduce the benefits of the acquisition. additionally, acquisitions involve other risks, such as differing levels of management and internal control effectiveness at the acquired entities, systems integration risks, the risk of impairment charges relating to goodwill and intangible assets recorded in connection with acquisitions, the risk of significant accounting charges and expenses resulting from the completion and integration of a sizable acquisition, the need to fund increased capital expenditures and working capital requirements, our ability to retain and motivate employees of acquired entities, compliance and reputational risks and other unanticipated problems and liabilities.
divestitures may also expose us to potential liabilities or claims for indemnification, as we may be required to retain certain liabilities or indemnify buyers for certain matters, including environmental or litigation matters, associated with the assets or businesses that we sell. the magnitude of any such retained liability or indemnification obligation may be difficult to quantify at the time of the transaction, and its cost to us could ultimately exceed the proceeds we receive for the divested assets or businesses. divestitures also have other inherent risks, including possible delays in closing transactions (including potential difficulties in obtaining regulatory approvals), the risk of lower-than-expected sales proceeds for the divested businesses and unexpected costs or other difficulties associated with the separation of the businesses to be sold from our information technology and other systems and management processes, including the loss of key personnel. additionally, expected cost savings or other anticipated efficiencies or benefits from divestitures may also be difficult to achieve or maximize.
additionally, we have several joint ventures and investments where we may have limited control over governance, financial reporting and operations. as a result, we face certain operating, financial and other risks relating to these investments, including risks related to the financial strength of our joint venture partners or their willingness to provide adequate funding for the joint venture, having differing objectives from our partners, the inability to implement some actions with respect to the joint venture's activities that we may believe are favorable if the joint venture partner does not agree, compliance risks relating to actions of the joint venture or our partners and the risk that we will be unable to resolve disputes with the joint venture partner. as a result, these investments may contribute significantly less than anticipated to our earnings and cash flows. in december 2019, we entered into the bp bunge bioenergia joint venture related to our sugar and ethanol business in brazil, which resulted in the transfer of all assets and operations of this business into a new entity where we hold a 50% interest. we share control with bp, our joint venture partner, in bp bunge bioenergia and as a result our ability to realize the benefits of this joint venture will depend in part on our ability to work with and cooperate with bp and the ability of the leadership of bp bunge bioenergia to, among other things, integrate the operations of our business with that of bp into one organization, manage costs associated with such integration, retain key employees, and realize the synergies expected from the joint venture. in addition, the business and financial performance of the bp bunge bioenergia joint venture may be adversely affected if there is a significant shortage of sugarcane supply, which is the principal raw material used in the production of ethanol and sugar, or if there is an increase in the cost of available sugarcane, which could result from any termination of the joint venture's partnership or supply contracts.
we are subject to industry and other risks that could adversely affect our reputation and financial results.
we are subject to food and feed industry risks which include, but are not limited to, spoilage, contamination, tampering or other adulteration of products, product liability claims and recalls. we are also subject to shifts in customer and consumer preferences and concerns regarding the outbreak of disease associated with livestock and poultry, including avian or swine influenza. also, increasing focus on climate change, deforestation, water, animal welfare and human rights concerns and other risks associated with the global food system may lead to increased activism focusing on food companies and their suppliers, governmental intervention and consumer responses. these risks could adversely affect our or our suppliers' reputations and businesses and our ability to procure the materials we need to operate our business.
as a company whose products comprise staple food and feed products sold globally, as well as ingredients included in trusted food brands of our customers, maintaining a good corporate reputation is critical to our continued success. reputational value is based in large part on perceptions, which can shift rapidly in response to negative incidents. the failure or alleged failure to maintain high standards for quality, safety, integrity, environmental sustainability and social responsibility, including with respect to raw materials and services obtained from suppliers, even if untrue, may result in tangible effects, such as reduced demand for our products, disruptions to our operations, increased costs and loss of market share to competitors. our reputation and results of operations could also be adversely impacted by changing consumer preferences and perceptions relating to some of the products we sell, such as with regard to the quantity and type of fats, sugars and grains consumed, as well as concerns regarding genetically modified crops. failure to anticipate, adapt or respond effectively to these trends or issues may result in material adverse effects on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
we are subject to numerous laws and regulations globally, which could adversely affect our operating results.
due to our global business operations, we are required to comply with numerous laws and regulations in the countries where we operate. these include general business regulations, such as with respect to taxes, accounting, anti-corruption and fair competition, global trade, trade sanctions, product safety, the manufacturing, transport and sale of our products, environmental matters and the handling and production of regulated substances. in addition to liabilities arising out of our current and future operations for which we have ongoing processes to manage compliance with regulatory obligations, we may be subject to environmental liabilities for past operations at current facilities and in some cases to liabilities for past operations at facilities that we no longer own or operate. we may also be subject to liabilities for operations of acquired companies. our industrial activities can also result in serious accidents that could result in personal injuries, facility shutdowns, reputational harm to our business and/or the expenditure of significant amounts to remediate safety issues or repair damaged facilities. we may incur material costs or liabilities to comply with environmental, health and safety requirements. any failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations may subject us to fines, penalties and other liabilities, as well as damage to our reputation.
due to the international scope of our operations, we are subject to a complex system of import- and export-related laws and regulations, including u.s. regulations issued by customs and border protection, the bureau of industry and security, the office of antiboycott compliance, the directorate of defense trade controls and office of foreign assets control, as well as the counterparts of these agencies in other countries. any alleged or actual violations may subject us to government scrutiny, investigation and civil and criminal penalties, and may limit our ability to import or export our products, or to provide services outside the united states. furthermore, embargoes and sanctions imposed by the u.s. and other governments restricting or prohibiting sales to specific persons or countries or based on product classification may expose us to potential criminal or civil sanctions. we cannot predict the nature, scope or effect of future regulatory requirements to which our operations might be subject or in certain locations the manner in which existing laws might be administered or interpreted.
in addition, continued government and public emphasis in countries where we operate on environmental issues, including climate change, conservation and natural resource management, have resulted in and could result in new or more stringent forms of regulatory oversight or other limitations on the agricultural industry, including increased environmental controls, land-use restrictions affecting us or our suppliers and other conditions that could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, financial condition and results of operations. for example, certain aspects of our business and the larger food production chain generate carbon emissions. the imposition of regulatory restrictions on greenhouse gas emissions, which may include limitations on greenhouse gas emissions, other restrictions on industrial operations, taxes or fees on greenhouse gas emissions, and other measures, could affect land-use decisions, the cost of agricultural production and the cost and means of processing and transporting our products, which could adversely affect our business, cash flows and results of operations.
we are exposed to credit and counterparty risk relating to our customers in the ordinary course of business. in particular, we advance capital and provide other financing arrangements to farmers in brazil and, as a result, our business and financial results may be adversely affected if these farmers are unable to repay the capital advanced to them.
we have various credit terms with customers, and our customers have varying degrees of creditworthiness, which exposes us to the risk of non-payment or other default under our contracts and other arrangements with them. in the event that we experience significant defaults on their payment obligations to us, our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.
in brazil, where there have been limited third-party financing sources available to farmers, we provide financing to farmers from whom we purchase soybeans and other agricultural commodities through prepaid commodity purchase contracts and advances, which are generally intended to be short-term in nature and are typically secured by the farmer's crop and a mortgage on the farmer's land and other assets to provide a means of repayment in the potential event of crop failure or shortfall. as of december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively, we had approximately $592 million and $568 million in outstanding prepaid commodity purchase contracts and advances to farmers. we are exposed to the risk that the underlying crop will be insufficient to satisfy a farmer's obligation under the financing arrangements as a result of weather and crop growing conditions, and other factors that influence the price, supply and demand for agricultural commodities. in addition, any collateral held by us as part of these financing transactions may not be sufficient to fully protect us from loss.
we are a capital intensive business and depend on cash provided by our operations as well as access to external financing to operate and grow our business.
we require significant amounts of capital to operate our business and fund capital expenditures. our working capital needs are directly affected by the prices of agricultural commodities, with increases in commodity prices generally causing increases in our borrowing levels. we are also required to make substantial capital expenditures to maintain, upgrade and expand our extensive network of storage facilities, processing plants, refineries, mills, logistics assets and other facilities to keep pace with competitive developments, technological advances and safety and environmental standards. furthermore, the expansion of our business and pursuit of acquisitions or other business opportunities may require us to have access to significant amounts of capital. if we are unable to generate sufficient cash flows or raise sufficient external financing on attractive terms to fund these activities, including as a result of a tightening in the global credit markets, we may be forced to limit our operations and growth plans, which may adversely impact our competitiveness and, therefore, our results of operations.
as of december 31, 2020, we had $4,072 million of aggregate unused committed borrowing capacity under our commercial paper program and various revolving bilateral and syndicated credit facilities and $7,288 million in total debt. our debt levels could limit our ability to obtain additional financing, limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in the markets in which we compete, place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that are less leveraged than we are, and require us to dedicate more cash on a relative basis to servicing our debt and less to developing our business. this may limit our ability to run our business and use our resources in the manner in which we would like. furthermore, difficult conditions in global credit or financial markets generally could adversely impact our ability to refinance maturing debt or the cost or other terms of such refinancing, as well as adversely affect the financial position of the lenders with whom we do business, which may reduce our ability to obtain financing for our operations. see "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations-liquidity and capital resources." moreover, the covid-19 pandemic has increased volatility and pricing in the capital markets, and we may not have access to preferred sources of liquidity when needed or on terms we find acceptable, and our borrowing costs could increase.
access to credit markets and pricing of company debt is also dependent on maintaining appropriate credit ratings, and one of our financial objectives has been to maintain an investment grade credit rating. while our debt agreements do not have any credit rating downgrade triggers that would accelerate the maturity of our debt, reductions in our credit ratings would increase our borrowing costs and, depending on their severity, could impede our ability to obtain credit facilities or access the capital markets in the future on favorable terms, as well as impair our ability to compete effectively relative to competitors with higher credit ratings.
in addition, some of our credit facilities, interest rate derivatives and commercial agreements use libor (london inter-bank offered rate) as the benchmark rate. libor has recently been the subject of international reform proposals and it is expected that libor will be discontinued or modified by the end of 2021. in the united states, the alternative reference rates committee has proposed the secured overnight financing rate (sofr) as an alternative to libor for use in contracts that are currently indexed to u.s. dollar libor and has proposed a paced market transition plan to sofr. at this time, it is not possible to predict the effect that these developments, any discontinuance, modification or other reforms to libor, or the establishment of alternative reference rates, such as sofr, may have on libor, other benchmark rates or floating rate debt instruments, or whether sofr or any other alternative reference rates that have been proposed will attain market acceptance as replacements of libor. while certain of our credit facilities contain libor alternative provisions, the use of alternative reference rates or other reforms could cause the interest rate on our borrowings to be materially different than expected. these developments may cause us to renegotiate some of these agreements. we will continue to monitor market developments related to libor's modification or discontinuance.
our risk management strategies may not be effective.
our business is affected by fluctuations in agricultural commodity prices, transportation costs, energy prices, interest rates, and foreign currency exchange rates. we engage in hedging transactions to manage these risks. however, our exposures may not always be fully hedged, and our hedging strategies may not be successful in minimizing our exposure to these fluctuations. in addition, our risk management strategies may seek to position our overall portfolio relative to expected market movements. while we have implemented a broad range of risk monitoring and control procedures and policies to mitigate potential losses, they may not in all cases be successful in anticipating a significant risk exposure and protecting us from losses that have the potential to impair our financial position. see "item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk"
the loss of, or a disruption in, our manufacturing and distribution operations or other operations and systems could adversely affect our business.
we are engaged in manufacturing and distribution activities on a global scale, and our business depends on our ability to execute and monitor, on a daily basis, a significant number of transactions across numerous markets or geographies. as a result, we are subject to the risks inherent in such activities, including industrial accidents, environmental events, fires, explosions, strikes and other labor or industrial disputes, and disruptions in logistics or information systems, as well as natural disasters, pandemics (including the covid-19 pandemic), acts of terrorism and other external factors over which we have no control. while we insure ourselves against many of these types of risks in accordance with industry standards, our level of insurance may not cover all losses. the potential effects of these conditions could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
our information technology systems, processes and sites may suffer interruptions, security breaches or failures that may adversely affect our ability to conduct our business.
we rely on certain key information technology systems, some of which are dependent on services provided by third parties, to provide critical data and services for internal and external users, including procurement and inventory management, transaction processing, financial, commercial and operational data, human resources management, legal and tax compliance, and other information and processes necessary to operate and manage our business. increased social engineering threats and more sophisticated computer crime, including advanced persistent threats, pose a potential risk to the security of our information technology systems, networks and services. our information technology and infrastructure may experience attacks by hackers, breaches or other failures or disruptions that could compromise our systems and the information stored there. such risks increase while some of our workforce continues to work from home due to the covid-19 pandemic. in addition, new technology that could result in greater operational efficiency may further expose our computer systems to the risk of cyber-attacks. while we have implemented security measures and disaster recovery plans designed to protect the security and continuity of our networks and critical systems, these measures may not adequately prevent adverse events such as breaches or failures from occurring, or mitigate their severity if they do occur. if our information technology systems are breached, damaged or fail to function properly due to any number of causes, such as security breaches or cyber-based attacks, systems implementation difficulties, catastrophic events or power outages, and our security, contingency disaster recovery, or other risk mitigation plans do not effectively mitigate these occurrences on a timely basis, we may experience a material disruption in our ability to manage our business operations and produce financial reports, as well as significant costs and lost business opportunities until they are remediated. we may also be subject to legal claims or proceedings, liability under laws that protect the privacy of personal information, potential regulatory penalties and damage to our reputation. these impacts may adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition, as well as our competitive position.
changes in tax laws or exposure to additional tax liabilities could have a material impact on our financial condition and results of operations.
we are subject to income taxes as well as non-income taxes in various jurisdictions throughout the world. tax authorities may disagree with certain positions we have taken and assess additional taxes, along with interest and penalties. we regularly assess the likely outcomes of these audits and assessments in order to assess the appropriateness of our tax assets and liabilities. however, the calculation of such liabilities involves significant judgment in the interpretation of complex tax regulations in many jurisdictions. therefore, any dispute with a taxing authority may result in a payment or outcome that is significantly different from current estimates. there can be no assurance that we will accurately predict the outcomes of these audits and the actual outcomes of these audits could have a material impact on our consolidated earnings and financial condition in the periods in which they are recognized.
additionally, changes in tax laws could materially impact our effective tax rate and the monetization of recoverable tax assets (indirect tax credits). furthermore, the ongoing efforts in corporate tax transparency by the organization of economic cooperation and development ("oecd") and a number of countries has resulted in additional mandatory disclosures, which will likely cause additional scrutiny of the company's tax positions and potentially increased tax assessments.
risks relating to our common shares we are a bermuda company, and it may be difficult to enforce judgments against us and our directors and executive officers.
we are a bermuda exempted company. as a result, the rights of holders of our common shares will be governed by bermuda law and our memorandum of association and bye-laws. the rights of shareholders under bermuda law may differ from the rights of shareholders of companies or corporations incorporated in other jurisdictions, including the united states. several of our directors and some of our officers are non-residents of the united states, and a substantial portion of our assets and the assets of those directors and officers are located outside the united states. as a result, it may be difficult to effect service of process on those persons in the united states or to enforce in the u.s. judgments obtained in u.s. courts against us or those persons based on civil liability provisions of the u.s. securities laws. it is doubtful whether courts in bermuda will enforce judgments obtained in other jurisdictions, including the united states, against us or our directors or officers under the securities laws of those jurisdictions or entertain actions in bermuda against us or our directors or officers under the securities laws of other jurisdictions.
our bye-laws restrict shareholders from bringing legal action against our officers and directors.
our bye-laws contain a broad waiver by our shareholders of any claim or right of action, both individually and on our behalf, against any of our officers or directors. the waiver applies to any action taken by an officer or director, or the failure of an officer or director to take any action, in the performance of his or her duties, except with respect to any matter involving any fraud or dishonesty on the part of the officer or director. this waiver limits the right of shareholders to assert claims against our officers and directors unless the act, or failure to act, involves fraud or dishonesty.
we have anti-takeover provisions in our bye-laws that may discourage a change of control.
our bye-laws contain provisions that could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us without the consent of our board of directors. these provisions provide for:
•directors to be removed without cause at any special general meeting only upon the affirmative vote of at least 66% of all votes attaching to all shares then in issue entitling the holder to attend and vote on the resolution;
•restrictions on the time period in which directors may be nominated;
•our board of directors to determine the powers, preferences and rights of our preference shares and to issue the preference shares without shareholder approval; and
•an affirmative vote of at least 66% of all votes attaching to all shares then in issue entitling the holder to attend and vote on the resolution for some business combination transactions, which have not been approved by our board of directors.
these provisions, as well as any additional anti-takeover measures our board of directors could adopt in the future, could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us, even if the third party's offer may be considered beneficial by many shareholders. as a result, shareholders may be limited in their ability to obtain a premium for their shares.
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following should be read in conjunction with "cautionary statement regarding forward looking statements" and our combined consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in item 15 of this annual report on form 10-k.
operating results factors affecting operating results bunge limited, a bermuda company, together with its subsidiaries, is a leading global agribusiness and food company with integrated operations that stretch from farmer to consumer. the commodity nature of the company's principal products, as well as regional and global supply and demand variations that occur as an inherent part of the business, make volumes an important operating measure. accordingly, information is included in "segment results" that summarizes certain items in our consolidated statements of income and volumes by reportable segment. the common unit of measure for all reported volumes is metric tons. a description of reported volumes for each reportable segment has also been included in the discussion of key factors affecting results of operations in each of our business segments as discussed below.
agribusiness in the agribusiness segment, we purchase, store, transport, process and sell agricultural commodities and commodity products. profitability in this segment is affected by the availability and market prices of agricultural commodities and processed commodity products and the availability and costs of energy, transportation and logistics services. profitability in our oilseed processing operations is also impacted by volumes procured, processed and sold and by capacity utilization rates. availability of agricultural commodities is affected by many factors, including weather, farmer planting and selling decisions, plant diseases, governmental policies, and agricultural sector economic conditions. reported volumes in this segment primarily reflect (i) grains and oilseeds originated from farmers, cooperatives or other aggregators and from which "origination margins" are earned; (ii) oilseeds processed in our oilseed processing facilities and from which "crushing margins" are earned, representing the margin from the industrial separation of the oilseed into its protein meal and vegetable oil components, both of which are separate commodity products; and (iii) third party sales of grains, oilseeds and related commodity products merchandised through our distribution businesses and from which "distribution margins" are earned. the foregoing subsegment volumes may overlap as they produce separate margin capture opportunities. for example, oilseeds procured in our south american grain origination activities may be processed in our oilseed processing facilities in asia-pacific and will be reflected at both points within the segment. as such, these reported volumes do not represent solely volumes of net sales to third-parties, but rather where margin is earned, appropriately reflecting their contribution to our global network's capacity utilization and profitability.
demand for our purchased and processed agribusiness products is affected by many factors, including global and regional economic conditions, changes in per capita income, the financial condition of customers and customer access to credit, worldwide consumption of food products, particularly pork and poultry, population growth rates, relative prices of substitute agricultural products, outbreaks of disease associated with livestock and poultry, and demand for renewable fuels produced from agricultural commodities and commodity products.
we expect that the factors described above will continue to affect global supply and demand for our agribusiness products for the foreseeable future. we also expect that, from time to time, imbalances will likely exist between oilseed processing capacity and demand for oilseed products in certain regions, which impacts our decisions regarding whether, when and where to purchase, store, transport, process or sell these commodities, including whether to change the location of or adjust our own oilseed processing capacity.
additionally, price fluctuations and availability of commodities may cause fluctuations in our working capital, such as inventories, accounts receivable and borrowings over the course of a given year. for example, increased availability of commodities at harvest times often causes fluctuations in our inventories and borrowings. increases in agricultural commodity prices will also generally cause our cash flow requirements to increase as our operations require increased use of cash to acquire inventories and fund daily settlement requirements on exchange traded futures that we use to hedge our physical inventories.
edible oils and milling in edible oil products and milling products segments, our operating results are affected by changes in the prices of raw materials, such as crude vegetable oils and grains, the mix of products that we sell, changes in consumer eating habits, changes in per capita income, consumer purchasing power levels, availability of credit to customers, governmental dietary guidelines and policies, changes in regional economic conditions and the general competitive environment in our markets. raw material inputs to our production processes in the edible oil products and milling products segments are largely sourced at market prices from our agribusiness segment. reported volumes in these segments reflect third-party sales of our finished products and, as such, include the sales of products derived from raw materials sourced from the agribusiness segment as well as from third-parties. the unit of measure for these volumes is metric tons as these businesses are linked to the commodity raw materials, which are their primary inputs.
fertilizer in the fertilizer segment, demand for our products is affected by the profitability of the agricultural sectors we serve, the availability of credit to farmers, agricultural commodity prices, the types of crops planted, the number of acres planted, the quality of the land under cultivation and weather-related issues affecting the success of the harvests. our profitability is impacted by international selling prices for fertilizers and fertilizer raw materials, such as phosphate, sulfur, ammonia and urea, ocean freight rates and other import costs, as well as import volumes at the port facilities we manage. as our operations are in south america, primarily argentina, our results in this segment are typically seasonal, with fertilizer sales normally concentrated in the third and fourth quarters of the year due to the timing of the south american agricultural cycle. reported volumes in this segment reflect third-party sales of our finished products.
sugar and bioenergy our sugar and bioenergy segment primarily comprises our 50% interest in bp bunge bioenergia, the joint venture formed in december 2019 by the combination of our brazilian sugar and bioenergy operations with the brazilian biofuels business of bp. our brazilian sugar and bioenergy operations formed the majority of our sugar and bioenergy segment through which we produced and sold sugar and ethanol derived from sugarcane, as well as energy derived from the sugar and ethanol production process. bp bunge bioenergia operates on a stand-alone basis with a total of 11 mills located across the southeast, north and midwest regions of brazil. bp bunge bioenergia is now the second largest operator by effective crushing capacity in the brazilian sugarcane ethanol biofuel industry. as a result of this transaction, we no longer consolidate our brazilian sugar and bioenergy operations in our consolidated financial statements and instead account for our interest in the joint venture under the equity method of accounting. accordingly, our reported sugar and bioenergy results for 2020 include our share of the net earnings in bp bunge bioenergia, whereas our sugar and bioenergy results for 2019 reflect our former 100% ownership interest in the brazilian sugar and bioenergy operations contributed to the joint venture. although we are committed to supporting the growth and development of bp bunge bioenergia, our long-term goal is to seek strategic opportunities for our investment in the joint venture.
profitability in this segment is affected by the profitability of the joint venture and, therefore the value of our investment and the amount and timing of distributions we receive, if any. in turn, the profitability of the joint venture is affected by the availability and quality of sugarcane, which impacts capacity utilization rates and the amount of sugar that can be extracted from the sugarcane, and by market prices of sugar and ethanol. the availability and quality of sugarcane is affected by many factors, including weather, geographical factors such as soil quality and topography, and agricultural practices. once planted, sugarcane may be harvested for several continuous years, but the yield decreases with each subsequent harvest. as a result, the current optimum economic cycle is generally five to seven consecutive harvests, depending on location. the joint venture owns and/or has partnership agreements to manage farmland on which it grows and harvests sugarcane and also purchases sugarcane from third parties. prices of sugarcane in brazil are established by consecana, the state of são paulo sugarcane, sugar and ethanol council, and are based on the sucrose content of the cane and the market prices of sugar and ethanol. demand for the joint venture's products is affected by such factors as changes in global or regional economic conditions, the financial condition of customers and customer access to credit, worldwide consumption of food products, population growth rates, changes in per capita income and demand for and governmental support of renewable fuels produced from agricultural commodities, including sugarcane.
in addition to these industry related factors which impact our business areas, our results of operations in all business areas and segments are affected by the following factors:
foreign currency exchange rates due to the global nature of our operations, our operating results can be materially impacted by foreign currency exchange rates. both translation of our foreign subsidiaries' financial statements and foreign currency transactions can affect our results. on a monthly basis, for subsidiaries whose functional currency is a currency other than the u.s. dollar, subsidiary statements of income and cash flows must be translated into u.s. dollars for consolidation purposes based on weighted-average exchange rates in each monthly period. as a result, fluctuations of local currencies compared to the u.s. dollar during each monthly period impact our consolidated statements of income and cash flows for each reported period (per quarter and year-to-date) and also affect comparisons between those reported periods. subsidiary balance sheets are translated using exchange rates as of the balance sheet date with the resulting translation adjustments reported in our consolidated balance sheets as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss).
additionally, we record transaction gains or losses on monetary assets and liabilities that are not denominated in the functional currency of the entity. these amounts are remeasured into their respective functional currencies at exchange rates as of the balance sheet date, with the resulting gains or losses included in the entity's statement of income and, therefore, in our consolidated statements of income as foreign exchange gains (losses).
we primarily use a combination of equity and intercompany loans to finance our subsidiaries. intercompany loans that are of a long-term investment nature with no intention of repayment in the foreseeable future are considered permanently invested and as such are treated as analogous to equity for accounting purposes. as a result, any foreign currency translation gains or losses on such permanently invested intercompany loans are reported in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) in our consolidated balance sheets. in contrast, foreign currency translation gains or losses on intercompany loans that are not of a permanent nature are recorded in our consolidated statements of income as foreign exchange gains (losses).
income taxes as a bermuda exempted company, we are not subject to income taxes on income in our jurisdiction of incorporation.  however, our subsidiaries, which operate in multiple tax jurisdictions, are subject to income taxes at various statutory rates ranging from 0% to 34%. the jurisdictions that significantly impact our effective tax rate are brazil, the united states, argentina and bermuda. determination of taxable income requires the interpretation of related and often complex tax laws and regulations in each jurisdiction in which we operate, and the use of estimates and assumptions regarding future events.
non-u.s. gaap financial measures total segment earnings before interest and taxes ("ebit") is an operating performance measure used by our management to evaluate segment operating activities. our management believes total segment ebit is a useful measure of operating profitability, since the measure allows for an evaluation of the performance of its segments without regard to its financing methods or capital structure. in addition, ebit is a financial measure that is widely used by analysts and investors in our industries. total segment ebit is a non-u.s. gaap financial measure and is not intended to replace net income (loss) attributable to bunge, the most directly comparable u.s. gaap financial measure.
cash provided by (used for) operating activities, adjusted is calculated by including the proceeds from beneficial interested in securitized trade receivables with cash provided by (used for) operating activities. cash provided by (used for) operating activities, adjusted is a non-gaap financial measure and is not intended to replace cash provided by (used for) operating activities, the most directly comparable u.s. gaap financial measure. our management believes presentation of this measure allows investors to view our cash generating performance using the same measure that management uses in evaluating financial and business performance and trends.
2020 overview net income (loss) attributable to bunge - for the year ended december 31, 2020, net income attributable to bunge was $1,145 million, an increase of $2,425 million compared to a net loss attributable to bunge of $1,280 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the increase is due to higher segment ebit in our core and non-core segments, as further discussed in the segment overview and results of operations section below.
earnings per common share - diluted - for the year ended december 31, 2020, net income attributable to bunge common shareholders, diluted, was $7.71 per share, an increase of $17.05 per share, compared to a loss of $9.34 per share for the year ended december 31, 2019.
ebit - for the year ended december 31, 2020, total segment ebit was $1,633 million, an increase of $2,524 million compared to ebit of $(891) million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the increase in total segment ebit for the year ended december 31, 2020 was due to higher segment ebit in our core and non-core segments, as further discussed in the segment overview and results of operations section below, which provides a reconciliation of net income (loss) attributable to bunge to total segment ebit.
income tax (expense) benefit - income tax expense was $248 million for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to income tax expense of $86 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the increase in income tax expense for the year ended december 31, 2020 was primarily due to higher pretax income, resulting from higher ebit in our core and non-core segments, as noted above.
liquidity and capital resources - at december 31, 2020, working capital, which equals total current assets less total current liabilities, was $5,196 million, an increase of $1,543 million, compared to working capital of $3,653 million at december 31, 2019. the increase in working capital is primarily due to increased readily marketable inventories ("rmi") purchases associated with strong farmer selling activity in brazil during the twelve months ended december 31, 2020 as well as higher commodity prices at december 31, 2020.
segment overview and results of operations our operations are organized, managed and classified into five reportable segments based upon their similar economic characteristics, nature of products and services offered, production processes, types and classes of customer, and distribution methods.
we further organize these reportable segments into core operations and non-core operations. core operations comprise our agribusiness, edible oil products, milling products, and fertilizer segments.
non-core operations comprise our sugar and bioenergy segment, which itself primarily comprises our 50% interest in bp bunge bioenergia, a joint venture formed with bp in december 2019 by the combination of our brazilian sugar and bioenergy operations with the brazilian biofuels business of bp. therefore, our reported sugar and bioenergy results for 2020 include our share of the net earnings in bp bunge bioenergia, whereas our sugar and bioenergy results for 2019 reflect our former 100% ownership interest in the brazilian sugar and bioenergy operations contributed to the joint venture.
our remaining operations are not reportable segments, as defined by the applicable accounting standard, and are classified as corporate and other. effective january 1, 2020, we changed our segment reporting to separately disclose corporate and other activities from our reporting segments, as further described in note 28- segment information. certain reclassifications of prior period amounts within the reporting segments have been made to conform to current presentation.
a reconciliation of net income (loss) attributable to bunge to total segment ebit follows:
year ended december 31,
(us$ in millions)                                                               2020                      2019                  2018
net income (loss) attributable to bunge                                    $1,145                  $(1,280)                  $267
interest income                                                              (22)                      (31)                  (31)
interest expense                                                              265                       339                   339
income tax expense                                                            248                        86                   179
(income) loss from discontinued operations, net of tax                          -                         -                  (10)
noncontrolling interests' share of interest and tax                           (3)                       (5)                   (7)
total segment ebit                                                         $1,633                    $(891)                  $737
agribusiness segment ebit                                                   1,482                       682                   848
edible oil products segment ebit                                              440                       121                   174
milling products segment ebit                                                  78                        88                   114
fertilizer segment ebit                                                        85                        62                    46
core segment ebit                                                           2,085                       953                 1,182
corporate and other ebit                                                    (365)                     (245)                 (342)
sugar &amp; bioenergy segment ebit                                           (87)                   (1,599)                 (103)
non-core segment ebit                                                        (87)                   (1,599)                 (103)
total segment ebit                                                         $1,633                    $(891)                  $737
30
core segments agribusiness segment year ended december 31,
(us$ in millions)                                                        2020                      2019                      2018
volumes (in thousand metric tons)                                  142,959                   139,968                   146,309
net sales                                                          $29,529                   $28,407                   $32,206
cost of goods sold                                                (27,749)                  (27,314)                  (30,759)
gross profit                                                         1,780                     1,093                     1,447
selling, general and administrative expense                          (517)                     (487)                     (531)
foreign exchange gains (losses)                                        148                      (34)                     (122)
ebit attributable to noncontrolling interests                         (18)                         2                      (14)
other income (expense) - net                                            43                        65                        41
income (loss) from affiliates                                           46                        43                        27
total agribusiness segment ebit                                     $1,482                      $682                      $848
2020 compared to 2019
agribusiness segment net sales increased by $1,122 million, or 4%, to $29,529 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to $28,407 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the net increase was due to the following:
•in oilseeds, net sales increased $1,586 million primarily due to higher soybean sales volumes and prices in our chinese, brazilian, european, and north american oilseed processing businesses, primarily driven by increased meal demand in china and increased oil demand in north america, higher sales volumes and prices in our european and canadian oilseed processing businesses, and higher sales prices in our global oilseed trading and distribution businesses, partially offset by lower overall trading and distribution volumes.
•in grains, net sales decreased $464 million due to lower sales volumes and prices in our grain trading and distribution businesses, lower sales volumes and prices in our european grain origination business, and lower sales prices in our brazilian origination business. these decreases were partially offset by higher volumes in our brazilian grain origination business driven by increased farmer selling in response to depreciation of brazilian real versus the u.s. dollar earlier in the year, and higher volumes in our north american grain origination business driven by increased demand from china following an easing of trade restrictions in place for much of the prior year.
cost of goods sold increased by $435 million, or approximately 2%, to $27,749 million for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to $27,314 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the net increase was primarily due to the following:
•in oilseeds, cost of goods sold increased by $1,242 million due to higher net sales in our oilseed processing and trading and distribution businesses, as described above, as well as unfavorable mark-to-market results in our oilseed processing businesses, partially offset by favorable translation impacts on industrial costs, as most currencies in which such expenses are denominated depreciated versus the u.s. dollar during the year, and non-recurring prior year property, plant and equipment (pp&e) impairment charges at various facilities associated with portfolio rationalization initiatives.
•in grains, cost of goods sold decreased by $807 million due to the decrease in net sales noted above, risk management and optimization in our trading and distribution businesses, favorable translation impacts on industrial costs as most currencies in which such expenses are denominated depreciated versus the u.s. dollar during the year, and non-recurring prior year pp&e impairment charges at various facilities associated with portfolio rationalization initiatives.
gross profit increased by $687 million, or 63%, to $1,780 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to $1,093 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the increase was primarily due to the following:
•in oilseeds, an increase of $344 million was due to higher net sales in excess of cost of goods sold, as described above.
•in grains, an increase of $343 million was due to lower cost of goods sold, which more than offset lower net sales, primarily in our north american operations as described above.
sg&a expenses increased $30 million, or 6%, to $517 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to $487 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the increase was mainly due to higher variable incentive costs on the back of improved overall company profitability, partially offset by savings associated with ongoing cost initiatives, lower expenses due to covid-19 travel restrictions, favorable translation impacts, as most currencies in which sg&a expenses are denominated depreciated versus the u.s. dollar during the year, and an $11 million prior year write-off of an indemnification asset associated with the reversal of an uncertain tax position.
foreign exchange results increased $182 million, to a gain of $148 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to a loss of $34 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. foreign exchange results were primarily driven by gains on u.s. dollar denominated loans receivable in non-u.s. functional currency operations.
other income (expenses) - net decreased $22 million, to income of $43 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to income of $65 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the decrease was primarily due to lower results from our financial services activities during the current year.
segment ebit increased $800 million, or 117%, to $1,482 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to $682 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the increase was primarily due to the following:
•in oilseeds, an increase of $440 million was primarily due to higher gross profit and increased foreign exchange results, as described above.
•in grains, an increase of $360 million was primarily due to higher gross profit and increased foreign exchange results as described above.
2019 compared to 2018
agribusiness segment net sales decreased by $3,799 million, or 12%, to $28,407 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, compared to $32,206 million for the year ended december 31, 2018. the net decrease was due to the following:
•in oilseeds, net sales decreased $1,979 million due to lower average sales prices following increased global soybean meal availability due to increased argentinian supply compared to the 2018 drought and limited harvest, coupled with lower chinese demand as a result of the african swine fever outbreak.
•in grains, net sales decreased $1,820 million due to lower sales volumes in our grain origination, trading and distribution businesses, associated with lower supply in north america due to adverse weather conditions and the ongoing us-china trade dispute, and lower farmer selling in brazil through much of 2019.
cost of goods sold decreased by $3,445 million, or 11%, to $27,314 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, compared to $30,759 million for the year ended december 31, 2018. the net decrease was primarily due to the following:
•in oilseeds, cost of goods sold decreased by $1,669 million due to lower purchase prices and improved trading results in our oilseed businesses, partially offset by unfavorable mark-to-market results in our oilseed processing business, and approximately $87 million of impairment charges related to pp&e at various facilities associated with portfolio rationalization initiatives.
•in grains, cost of goods sold decreased by $1,776 million due to lower sales volumes and purchase prices in our grain origination, trading and distribution businesses, partially offset by stronger results in our ocean freight business.
gross profit decreased by $354 million, or 24%, to $1,093 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, compared to $1,447 million for the year ended december 31, 2018. the net decrease was primarily due to the following:
•in oilseeds, a decrease of $310 million was due to lower net sales in excess of lower cost of goods sold, as described above.
•in grains, a decrease of $44 million was due to lower net sales in excess of lower cost of goods sold, as described above.
sg&a expenses decreased $44 million, or 8%, to $487 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, compared to $531 million for the year ended december 31, 2018. the decrease was mainly due to savings from actions associated with the global competitiveness program ("gcp"), as well as lower charges recognized in connection with the execution of the gcp itself, in addition to depreciation of the brazilian real against the u.s. dollar. these decreases were partially offset by impairment charges at facilities associated with portfolio rationalization initiatives and the write-off of a tax indemnification asset associated with the reversal of an uncertain tax position recorded in a previous year.
foreign exchange gains (losses), on a net basis, increased $88 million, or 72%, to a loss of $34 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, compared to a loss of $122 million for the year ended december 31, 2018. foreign exchange results are primarily driven by funding non-u.s. functional currency operations. results in 2018 were primarily driven by the devaluation of the argentine peso on u.s. dollar loans to fund operations in argentina.
other income (expenses) - net increased $24 million, to income of $65 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, compared to income of $41 million for the year ended december 31, 2018. the increase was primarily due to higher income earned from financial services activities and improved results from our soy crush investments in south america.
segment ebit decreased $166 million, or 20%, to $682 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, compared to $848 million for the year ended december 31, 2018. the net decrease was primarily due to the following:
•in oilseeds, a decrease of $252 million was primarily due to lower profits in our oilseed processing business, including an unfavorable mark-to-market impact on forward contracts compared to the prior year.
•in grains, an increase of $86 million was primarily due higher results in our ocean freight business, better results in our financial services businesses, lower sg&a expenses, and higher net foreign exchange results, partially offset by lower profits in our grain origination, trading and distribution businesses.
edible oil products segment year ended december 31,
(us$ in millions)                                                      2020                    2019                    2018
volumes (in thousand metric tons)                                  9,515                   9,606                   9,024
net sales                                                         $9,601                  $9,186                  $9,129
cost of goods sold                                               (8,863)                 (8,574)                 (8,571)
gross profit                                                         738                     612                     558
selling, general and administrative expense                        (388)                   (376)                   (348)
foreign exchange gains (losses)                                      (2)                     (1)                     (1)
ebit attributable to noncontrolling interests                        (3)                       7                    (12)
other income (expense) - net                                          95                   (121)                    (23)
total edible oils products segment ebit                             $440                    $121                    $174
2020 compared to 2019
edible oil products segment net sales increased by $415 million, or 5%, to $9,601 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to $9,186 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, due to higher sales volumes and prices in our business-to-consumer ("b2c") operations, driven by increased at-home consumption associated with covid-19 stay-at-home orders, and higher prices in our business-to-business ("b2b") operations, partially offset by lower overall b2b volumes as lower food services volumes more than offset higher food processor volumes, again due to covid-19. the year ended december 31, 2020 also benefited from $47 million of indirect tax credits related to the favorable resolution of a brazilian indirect tax claim.
cost of goods sold increased by $289 million, or 3%, to $8,863 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to $8,574 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the increase in cost of goods sold was due to higher net sales, partially offset by favorable translation impacts, unfavorable prior year mark-to-market results, and approximately $30 million of non-recurring prior year pp&e impairment charges at various facilities associated with portfolio rationalization initiatives.
gross profit increased by $126 million, or 21%, to $738 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to $612 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the increase was primarily due to higher net sales in excess of cost of goods sold, primarily related to our consumer business margin expansion resulting from covid-19 related supply shortage, as described above.
sg&a expenses increased $12 million, or 3%, to $388 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to $376 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the increase was primarily due to higher variable incentive costs on the back of improved overall company profitability, increased bad debt expense, partially offset by favorable translation impacts and lower travel costs associated with covid-19 travel restrictions.
ebit attributable to noncontrolling interests, an expense when subsidiaries with noncontrolling interests generate earnings before interest and tax, versus income when subsidiaries with noncontrolling interests generate loss before interest and tax, decreased by $10 million, to expense of $3 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to income of $7 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the decrease was primarily due to earnings before interest and tax associated with our non-wholly-owned edible oil products subsidiaries, primarily loders, for the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to losses before interest and tax in the same businesses for the year ended december 31, 2019, in both years primarily driven by factors mentioned above.
other income (expenses) - net increased $216 million to income of $95 million for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to expense of $121 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, due to a gain on the sale of our brazilian margarine and mayonnaise assets, which closed in the fourth quarter of 2020, and a non-recurring prior year goodwill impairment charge of $108 million associated with loders.
segment ebit increased by $319 million, or 264%, to $440 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to $121 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the increase was primarily due to higher gross profit and other income (expenses) - net, as described above.
2019 compared to 2018
edible oil products segment net sales increased by $57 million, or 1%, to $9,186 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, compared to $9,129 million for the year ended december 31, 2018. increased sales volumes driven by our acquisition of loders on march 1, 2018, were offset by lower prices in the u.s., europe, and brazil.
cost of goods sold increased slightly by $3 million, or zero percent, to $8,574 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, compared to $8,571 million for the year ended december 31, 2018. the small increase was due to impairment charges related to pp&e at various facilities associated with portfolio rationalization initiatives and indirect tax charges, partially offset by lower raw material prices in the u.s., europe, and brazil.
gross profit increased by $54 million, or 10%, to $612 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, compared to $558 million for the year ended december 31, 2018. the increase was primarily due to higher sales volumes in the u.s. and europe, and higher sales volumes and a more favorable product mix in argentina. these increases were partially offset by the impairment charges and indirect tax charges noted above.
sg&a expenses increased $28 million, or 8%, to $376 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, compared to $348 million for the year ended december 31, 2018. the increase was driven by a full year ownership of loders, as well as impairment charges related to the relocation of a distribution center in brazil, partially offset by lower costs in europe and brazil due to depreciation of the euro and brazilian real against the u.s. dollar, and from savings associated with the gcp.
other income (expenses) - net increased $98 million, or 426%, to expense of $121 million for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to expense of $23 million for the year ended december 31, 2018. the increase in expense was primarily due to a goodwill impairment charge of $108 million recorded in 2019 associated with our 2018 acquisition of loders.
segment ebit decreased by $53 million, or 30%, to $121 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, compared to $174 million for the year ended december 31, 2018. the decrease was primarily due to the goodwill and other impairment charges discussed above, partially offset by higher gross profit in the u.s., europe, and argentina also discussed above.
milling products segment year ended december 31,
(us$ in millions)                                                      2020                    2019                    2018
volumes (in thousand metric tons)                                  4,663                   4,531                   4,604
net sales                                                         $1,648                  $1,739                  $1,691
cost of goods sold                                               (1,477)                 (1,579)                 (1,461)
gross profit                                                         171                     160                     230
selling, general and administrative expense                         (97)                    (98)                   (105)
foreign exchange gains (losses)                                        6                       4                       2
ebit attributable to noncontrolling interests                          -                       -                       -
other income (expense) - net                                         (1)                      22                    (13)
income (loss) from affiliates                                        (1)                       -                       -
total milling products segment ebit                                  $78                     $88                    $114
2020 compared to 2019
milling products segment net sales decreased by $91 million, or 5%, to $1,648 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to $1,739 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the decrease was primarily due to lower average sales prices in brazil and mexico, and lower sales prices in our u.s. corn milling business, which more than offset higher volumes.
cost of goods sold decreased by $102 million, or 6%, to $1,477 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to $1,579 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the decrease was due to lower net sales, as described above, favorable translation impacts on industrial costs, following the depreciation of the brazilian real and mexican peso versus the u.s. dollar, and approximately $28 million of non-recurring prior year impairment charges associated with our u.s. extrusion business and portfolio rationalization initiatives.
gross profit increased by $11 million, or 7%, to $171 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to $160 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the increase was due to a decrease in cost of goods sold in excess of the decrease in net sales, as described above.
sg&a expenses decreased by $1 million, or 1%, to $97 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to $98 million for the year ended december 31, 2019 as favorable translation impacts and lower travel costs associated with covid-19 restrictions were offset by higher variable compensation costs on the back of improved overall company profitability.
other income (expense) - net decreased by $23 million, or 105%, to expense of $1 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to income of $22 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the decrease is primarily due a $19 million gain on the sale of two facilities in brazil during the prior year.
segment ebit decreased by $10 million, or 11%, to $78 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to $88 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the decrease was primarily due to lower other income (expense) - net, partially offset by higher gross profit, as described above.
2019 compared to 2018
milling products segment net sales increased by $48 million, or 3%, to $1,739 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, compared to $1,691 million for the year ended december 31, 2018. the increase was primarily driven by higher sales prices for wheat products in brazil, the acquisition of two corn mills in the u.s. ("minsa") during the first quarter of 2018, and higher sales prices in our u.s. rice milling business. these increases were partially offset by lower sales volumes in mexico.
cost of goods sold increased by $118 million, or 8%, to $1,579 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, compared to $1,461 million for the year ended december 31, 2018. the increase was primarily due to higher raw material costs in brazil, higher raw material costs in our u.s. rice milling business, impairment charges associated with various portfolio rationalization initiatives, as well as additional costs associated with the acquisition of minsa. these increases were partially offset by lower sales volumes in mexico.
35
gross profit decreased by $70 million, or 30%, to $160 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, compared to $230 million for the year ended december 31, 2018. the decrease was primarily associated with lower margins in brazil, lower volumes in mexico, and the impairment charges noted above.
sg&a expenses decreased by $7 million, or 7%, to $98 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, compared to $105 million for the year ended december 31, 2018. the decrease was primarily due to savings from the gcp and the depreciation of the brazilian real against the u.s. dollar. additionally, 2018 was impacted by acquisition costs related to minsa.
other income (expenses) - net increased $35 million, to income of $22 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, compared to expense of $13 million for the year ended december 31, 2018. the increase was primarily due to a gain on an arbitration settlement in the u.s. in 2019.
segment ebit decreased $26 million, or 23%, to $88 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, compared to $114 million for the year ended december 31, 2018. the decrease was primarily due to lower gross profit in brazil and mexico, as well as impairment charges associated with certain portfolio rationalization initiatives, partially offset by a gain on the sale of wheat milling assets in brazil, an arbitration settlement gain, and lower overall sg&a expenses.
fertilizer segment year ended december 31,
(us$ in millions)                                                    2020                  2019                  2018
volumes (in thousand metric tons)                                1,537                 1,508                 1,328
net sales                                                         $484                  $520                  $460
cost of goods sold                                               (386)                 (442)                 (390)
gross profit                                                        98                    78                    70
selling, general and administrative expense                       (11)                  (13)                  (17)
foreign exchange gains (losses)                                      -                     -                   (6)
ebit attributable to noncontrolling interests                      (2)                   (3)                   (2)
other income (expense) - net                                         -                     -                     1
income (loss) from affiliates                                        -                     -                     -
total fertilizer segment ebit                                      $85                   $62                   $46
2020 compared to 2019
fertilizer segment net sales decreased by $36 million, or 7%, to $484 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to $520 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the decrease was due to lower average sales prices in argentina and brazil, partially offset by higher sales volumes in argentina.
cost of goods sold decreased by $56 million, or 13%, to $386 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to $442 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the decrease was primarily due to lower net sales, as described above, as well as favorable translation impacts on industrial costs following the depreciation of the brazilian real and argentinian peso versus the u.s. dollar.
gross profit increased $20 million, or 26%, to $98 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to $78 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the increase was primarily due to margin expansion resulting in higher gross profit despite lower net sales.
sg&a expenses decreased $2 million, or 15%, to $11 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to $13 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the decrease was primarily due to a current period bad debt recovery against a prior year provision, as well as favorable translation impacts.
segment ebit increased $23 million, or 37%, to $85 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to $62 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the increase was due to higher gross profit and lower sg&a expenses, as described above.
2019 compared to 2018
fertilizer segment net sales increased $60 million, or 13%, to $520 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, compared to $460 million for the year ended december 31, 2018. the increase was primarily due to higher sales volumes in argentina.
cost of goods sold increased $52 million, or 13%, to $442 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, compared to $390 million for the year ended december 31, 2018. the increase was primarily due to higher sales volumes.
gross profit increased $8 million, or 11%, to $78 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, compared to $70 million for the year ended december 31, 2018. the increase was primarily due to higher sales volumes and favorable foreign currency impacts compared to the prior year.
sg&a expenses decreased $4 million, or 24%, to $13 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, compared to $17 million for the year ended december 31, 2018. the decrease was primarily due to bad debt recoveries during 2019.
segment ebit increased $16 million, or 35%, to $62 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, compared to $46 million for the year ended december 31, 2018. the increase was primarily due to higher gross profit, lower overall expenses, and favorable foreign exchange results.
corporate and other year ended december 31,
(us$ in millions)                                     2020                                     2019                    2018
net sales                                                             $-                      $-                      $-
cost of goods sold                                                   (5)                       3                    (22)
gross profit                                                         (5)                       3                    (22)
selling, general and administrative expense                        (345)                   (339)                   (348)
foreign exchange gains (losses)                                      (2)                       3                      20
ebit attributable to noncontrolling interests                          -                       -                       -
other income (expense) - net                                        (13)                      88                       8
income (loss) from affiliates                                          -                       -                       -
total corporate and other ebit                                    $(365)                  $(245)                  $(342)
2020 compared to 2019
corporate and other ebit decreased $120 million, or 49%, to a loss of $365 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to a loss of $245 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the decrease is primarily due to higher current period variable incentive costs on the back of improved overall company profitability, $66 million in charges for a bad debt reserve in relation to a disputed account receivable balance stemming from a business transaction dating back to 2015 and positive prior year mark-to-market results on one of our corporate venture capital unit investments, partially offset by non-recurring prior year impairment charges and related employee severance costs associated with the relocation of our corporate headquarters and lower current period travel costs due to covid-19 restrictions.
2019 compared to 2018
corporate and other ebit increased $97 million, or 28%, to a loss of $245 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, compared to a loss of $342 million for the year ended december 31, 2018. the increase is primarily due to our corporate venture capital unit activities, which benefited from the initial public offering of one of its investments, and subsequent gains on sales of such securities in 2019, partially offset by costs incurred with the relocation of our global headquarters.
non-core segment sugar & bioenergy segment year ended december 31,
(us$ in millions)                                                    2020   2019                                       2018
volumes (in thousand metric tons)                                  334                     3,836                   6,509
net sales                                                         $142                    $1,288                  $2,257
cost of goods sold                                               (139)                   (2,692)                 (2,274)
gross profit                                                         3                   (1,404)                    (17)
selling, general and administrative expense                          -                      (38)                    (74)
foreign exchange gains (losses)                                      -                      (89)                       6
ebit attributable to noncontrolling interests                        -                         -                       1
other income (expense) - net                                         2                      (65)                    (23)
income (loss) from affiliates                                     (92)                       (3)                       4
total sugar and bioenergy segment ebit                           $(87)                  $(1,599)                  $(103)
2020 compared to 2019
sugar and bioenergy segment net sales decreased by $1,146 million, or 89%, to $142 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to $1,288 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the decrease in net sales was primarily due to the contribution of our brazilian sugar and bioenergy operations, comprising the majority of our sugar and bioenergy segment, to the bp bunge bioenergia joint venture during the fourth quarter of 2019. remaining sales comprise corn-based ethanol distribution activities in north america.
cost of goods sold decreased by $2,553 million, or 95%, to $139 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to $2,692 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the decrease was primarily due to a significant non-recurring impairment charge in the third quarter of 2019, in addition to the decrease in net sales resulting from the contribution of the majority of our brazilian sugar and bioenergy operations to the bp bunge bioenergia joint venture during the fourth quarter of 2019, as described above.
gross profit increased by $1,407 million, or 100%, to $3 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to a loss of $1,404 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the increase was due to a significant non-recurring impairment charge in the third quarter of 2019, in addition to the decrease in net sales resulting from the contribution of the majority of our brazilian sugar and bioenergy operations to the bp bunge bioenergia joint venture during the fourth quarter of 2019, as described above.
sg&a expenses were zero for the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to $38 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the change was primarily due to the contribution of the majority of our brazilian sugar and bioenergy operations to the bp bunge bioenergia joint venture during the fourth quarter of 2019, as discussed above.
income (loss) from affiliates decreased by $89 million to a loss of $92 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to a loss of $3 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the decrease was due to our share of losses associated with our investment in the bp bunge bioenergia joint venture.
segment ebit increased $1,512 million, or 95%, to a loss of $87 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, from a loss of $1,599 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the increase was mainly due to a significant non-recurring impairment taken in 2019 and lower sg&a in 2020, partially offset by a decrease in income (loss) from affiliates, as described above.
2019 compared to 2018
sugar and bioenergy segment net sales decreased $969 million, or 43%, to $1,288 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, compared to $2,257 million for the year ended december 31, 2018. the decrease was primarily due to the exiting of our international trading and merchandising business in 2018, as well as lower global sugar sales volumes and prices, partially offset by higher ethanol sales volumes and prices in brazil. additionally, in december 2019 we contributed our brazilian sugar and bioenergy operations to our then-newly-formed joint venture, bp bunge bioenergia, as discussed above.
38
cost of goods sold increased $418 million, or 18%, to $2,692 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, compared to $2,274 million for the year ended december 31, 2018. the increase was primarily due to non-recurring impairment charges of $1,524 million associated with the contribution of our brazilian sugar and bioenergy operations to the bp bunge bioenergia joint venture, as discussed above. this increase was partially offset by lower costs aligned with the decrease in net sales noted above.
gross profit decreased $1,387 million, or 8,159%, to a loss of $1,404 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, compared to a loss of $17 million for the year ended december 31, 2018. the decrease was primarily associated with lower sales and higher costs of goods sold, including the non-recurring impairment charges associated with the contribution of our brazilian sugar and bioenergy operations to the bp bunge bioenergia joint venture, as discussed above.
sg&a expenses decreased $36 million, or 49%, to $38 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, compared to $74 million for the year ended december 31, 2018. the decrease was primarily associated with the exiting of our international trading and merchandising business in 2018, lower bad debt expenses, savings and lower costs associated with the gcp, the impact of depreciation of the brazilian real against the u.s. dollar, as well as the contribution of our brazilian sugar and bioenergy operations to the bp bunge bioenergia joint venture, as discussed above.
foreign exchange gains (losses), on a net basis, decreased $95 million, or 1,583%, to a loss of $89 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, compared to a gain of $6 million for the year ended december 31, 2018. foreign exchange losses in 2019 were primarily associated with intercompany loans related to our brazilian sugar and bioenergy operations that were classified as held for sale in the third quarter of 2019. previously, these loans were classified as permanently invested and any related foreign exchange impact was recorded in other comprehensive income (loss). however, upon classification of our sugar and bioenergy operations as held for sale, such loans could no longer be determined to be permanently invested. as such, any foreign exchange impact was recorded in the consolidated statement of income.
other income (expense) - net was a loss of $65 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, compared to a loss of $23 million for the year ended december 31, 2018. the increase in expense was primarily related to charges associated with the contribution of our brazilian sugar and bioenergy operations to our newly formed joint-venture, bp bunge bioenergia, as discussed above.
segment ebit decreased by $1,496 million, or 1,452% to a loss of $1,599 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, compared to a loss of $103 million for the year ended december 31, 2018. the decrease was mainly due to $1,673 million in non-recurring charges incurred in 2019 associated with the contribution of our brazilian sugar and bioenergy operations to the bp bunge bioenergia joint venture, as discussed above.
interest-a summary of consolidated interest income and expense follows:
year ended december 31,
(us$ in millions)       2020                  2019                  2018
interest income                      $22                   $31                   $31
interest expense                   (265)                 (339)                 (339)
interest income decreased $9 million to $22 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to $31 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. interest expense decreased $74 million to $265 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to $339 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the net decrease was the result of lower average interest rates on outstanding debt during the current year.
interest income remained constant during 2019 and 2018 at $31 million. interest expense also remained constant at $339 million in 2019 and 2018. average debt balances were lower in 2019 than in 2018, however total interest expense remained flat due to interest rates applicable to our overall debt mix.
liquidity and capital resources our main financial objectives are to prudently manage financial risks, ensure consistent access to liquidity and minimize cost of capital in order to efficiently finance our business and maintain balance sheet strength. we generally finance our ongoing operations with cash flows generated from operations, issuance of commercial paper, borrowings under various bilateral and syndicated revolving credit facilities, term loans and proceeds from the issuance of senior notes. acquisitions and long-lived assets are generally financed with a combination of equity and long-term debt.
39
working capital as of december 31, us$ in millions, except current ratio                  2020                            2019
cash and cash equivalents                         $352                            $320
trade accounts receivable, net                   1,717                           1,705
inventories                                      7,172                           5,038
other current assets(1)                          6,940                           3,185
total current assets                           $16,181                         $10,248
short-term debt                                 $2,828                            $771
current portion of long-term debt                    8                             507
trade accounts payable                           2,636                           2,842
current operating lease obligations                235                             216
other current liabilities(2)                     5,278                           2,259
total current liabilities                      $10,985                          $6,595
working capital(3)                              $5,196                          $3,653
current ratio(3)                                  1.47                            1.55
(1)comprises assets held for sale and other current assets
(2)comprises liabilities held for sale and other current liabilities
(3)working capital is defined as total current assets less total current liabilities; current ratio represents total current assets divided by total current liabilities working capital was $5,196 million at december 31, 2020, an increase of $1,543 million, or 42%, from working capital of $3,653 million at december 31, 2019.
cash and cash equivalents - cash and cash equivalents were $352 million at december 31, 2020, an increase of $32 million from $320 million at december 31, 2019. cash balances are managed in accordance with our investment policy, the objectives of which are to preserve the principal value of our cash assets, maintain a high degree of liquidity and deliver competitive returns subject to prevailing market conditions. cash balances are invested in short-term deposits with highly rated financial institutions and in u.s. government securities.
trade accounts receivable, net - trade accounts receivable, net were $1,717 million at december 31, 2020, an increase of $12 million from $1,705 million at december 31, 2019. the increase is primarily due to the timing of collections in our trading and distribution business, mostly offset by negative foreign exchange impacts in brazil, and the recording of a bad debt reserve in relation to collection proceedings involving an historical outstanding account receivable due from a customer.
inventories - inventories were $7,172 million at december 31, 2020, an increase of $2,134 million from $5,038 million at december 31, 2019. the increase is primarily related to an increase in rmi resulting from higher commodity prices in the current year, coupled with increased inventory quantities on hand following our deliberate decision to increase volumes during the year to optimize our earnings potential.
rmi comprises agricultural commodity inventories, including soybeans, soybean meal, soybean oil, corn, and wheat that are readily convertible to cash because of their commodity characteristics, widely available markets and international pricing mechanisms. total rmi reported at fair value were $5,961 million and $3,934 million at december 31, 2020 and december 31, 2019, respectively (see note 5- inventories, to our consolidated financial statements included as part of this annual report on form 10-k).
other current assets - other current assets were $6,940 million at december 31, 2020, an increase of $3,755 million from $3,185 million at december 31, 2019. the increase is primarily due to unrealized gains on derivative contracts, as well as the reclassification of certain of our u.s. grain assets and our oils refinery in rotterdam, netherlands as held for sale (see note 2- portfolio rationalization initiatives, to our consolidated financial statements).
40
short-term debt - short-term debt, including the current portion of long-term debt, was $2,836 million at december 31, 2020, an increase of $1,558 million from $1,278 million at december 31, 2019. the increase was to fund higher seasonal working capital levels, primarily rmi.
trade accounts payable - trade accounts payable were $2,636 million at december 31, 2020, a decrease of $206 million from $2,842 million at december 31, 2019. the decrease is due to the timing of payments on account as well as the reclassification of liabilities associated with certain of our u.s. grain assets and our oils refinery in rotterdam, netherlands as held for sale.
other current liabilities - other current liabilities were $5,278 million at december 31, 2020, an increase of $3,019 million from $2,259 million at december 31, 2019. the increase is primarily due to unrealized losses on derivative contracts and liabilities held for sale (see note 2- portfolio rationalization initiatives, to our consolidated financial statements).
debt financing arrangements and outstanding indebtedness-we conduct most of our financing activities through a centralized financing structure that provides the company efficient access to debt and capital markets. this structure includes a master trust, of which the primary assets consist of intercompany loans made to bunge limited and its subsidiaries. certain of bunge limited's 100% owned finance subsidiaries, bunge limited finance corp., bunge finance europe b.v. and bunge asset funding corp., fund the master trust with short and long-term debt obtained from third parties, including through our commercial paper program and certain credit facilities, as well as the issuance of senior notes. borrowings by these finance subsidiaries carry full, unconditional guarantees by bunge limited.
revolving credit facilities-at december 31, 2020, we had $5,565 million of aggregate committed borrowing capacity under our commercial paper program and various revolving bilateral and syndicated credit facilities, of which $4,072 million was unused and available. the following table summarizes these facilities as of the periods presented:
total committed                                                           borrowings capacity                                                          outstanding commercial paper program and revolving credit facilities                     maturities       december 31, 2020                december 31, 2020               december 31, 2019
commercial paper                                               2023                                $600                             $549                       $-
revolving credit facilities                                                 2021 - 2023           4,965           944                                          -
total                                                                                            $5,565                           $1,493                       $-
on october 22, 2020, we entered into an unsecured $1,250 million 364-day revolving credit agreement (the "credit agreement") with a group of lenders. the credit agreement includes a $1,000 million tranche ("tranche a") and a $250 million tranche ("tranche b"). borrowings under the credit agreement will bear interest at libor plus an applicable margin, as defined in the credit agreement. each lender under tranche a is required to fund all borrowing requests delivered by us unless such lender has delivered a declining lender notice to the administrative agent by 9.00am (new york city time) on the date such borrowing request is delivered. the lenders under tranche b do not have the right to deliver a declining lender notice to us. we may also, from time to time, request one or more of the existing or new lenders to increase the total participations and commitments under tranche a and tranche b of the credit agreement by an aggregate amount up to $250 million pursuant to an accordion provision. the credit agreement matures on october 21, 2021. we had $250 million outstanding at december 31, 2020, under the revolving credit facility.
we had $554 million of borrowings outstanding at december 31, 2020 under our $1,750 million unsecured syndicated revolving credit facility with certain lenders party thereto maturing december 12, 2022 (the ''$1.75 billion 2022 facility''). borrowings under the $1.75 billion 2022 facility bear interest at libor plus a margin, which will vary from 0.30% to 1.30% per annum, based on the credit ratings of our senior long-term unsecured debt. the applicable margin is also subject to certain premiums or discounts tied to criteria determined by certain sustainability targets. we also pay a fee that varies from 0.10% to 0.40% per annum, based on the utilization of the $1.75 billion 2022 facility. amounts under the $1.75 billion 2022 facility that remain undrawn are subject to a commitment fee payable quarterly in arrears at a rate of 35% of the margin specified above, which varies based on the rating level at each quarterly payment date. we may, from time to time, with the consent of the facility agent, request one or more of the existing lenders or new lenders to increase the total commitments under the $1.75 billion 2022 facility by up to $250 million pursuant to an accordion provision.
we had no borrowings outstanding at december 31, 2020 under our unsecured $1,100 million five-year syndicated revolving credit agreement (the "credit agreement") with certain lenders party thereto maturing december 14, 2023. we have the option to request an extension of the maturity date of the credit agreement for two additional one-year periods, subject to the consent of the lenders. borrowings under the credit agreement will bear interest at libor plus a margin, which will vary from 1.00% to 1.625%, based on the credit ratings of our senior long-term unsecured debt ("rating level"). amounts under the credit agreement that remain undrawn are subject to a commitment fee at rates ranging from 0.09% to 0.225%, varying based on the rating level. we may, from time to time, request one or more of the existing lenders or new lenders to increase the total commitments under the credit agreement by up to $200 million pursuant to an accordion provision.
we had $140 million of borrowings outstanding at december 31, 2020 under our unsecured $865 million revolving credit facility, maturing september 6, 2022 (the "2022 facility"). borrowings under the 2022 facility bear interest at libor plus a margin, which will vary from 1.00% to 1.75% per annum, based on the credit ratings of our senior long-term unsecured debt. amounts under the 2022 facility that remain undrawn are subject to a commitment fee payable quarterly based on the average undrawn portion of the 2022 facility at rates ranging from 0.125% to 0.275%, based on the credit ratings of our senior long-term unsecured debt.
our commercial paper program is supported by committed back-up bank credit lines (the ''liquidity facility'') equal to the amount of the commercial paper program provided by lending institutions that are required to be rated at least a-1 by standard & poor's and p-1 by moody's investor services. the cost of borrowing under the liquidity facility would typically be higher than the cost of issuance under our commercial paper program. at december 31, 2020, $549 million of borrowings were outstanding under the commercial paper program and no borrowings were outstanding under the liquidity facility. the liquidity facility is our only revolving credit facility that requires lenders to maintain minimum credit ratings.
in addition to committed credit facilities, from time to time, through our financing subsidiaries, we enter into bilateral short-term credit lines as necessary based on our financing requirements. at december 31, 2020 there were $550 million of borrowings outstanding under these bilateral short-term credit lines.
short and long-term debt-our short and long-term debt increased by $2,294 million at december 31, 2020 from december 31, 2019, primarily due to increased working capital requirements at the end of the year. for the year ended december 31, 2020, our average short and long-term debt outstanding was approximately $6,100 million compared to approximately $6,142 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. our long-term debt outstanding balance, including the current-portion of such long-term debt, was $4,460 million at december 31, 2020 compared to $4,223 million at december 31, 2019. the following table summarizes our short-term debt activity at december 31, 2020.
(us$ in millions)                          outstanding                      weighted                    highest                   average                weighted balance at                       average                    balance                   balance                 average december 31,                      interest                outstanding                    during                interest
2020                       rate at                     during                      2020                    rate december 31,                       2020                                            during
2020                                                                         2020
bank borrowings (1)                      $2,279                          6.75      %               $2,565                     $1,272                    7.30    %
commercial paper           549                                           0.27      %                  599                        341                    0.80    %
total                                    $2,828                          5.49      %                                          $1,613                    5.92    %
(1)includes $558 million of local currency borrowings in certain central and eastern european, south american, and asia-pacific countries at a local currency based weighted average interest rate of 24.54% as of december 31, 2020.
on august 17, 2020, we completed the sale and issuance of $600 million aggregate principal amount of 1.630% unsecured senior notes ("notes") due august 17, 2025. the notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by bunge. the offering was made pursuant to a shelf registration statement on form s-3 (registration no. 333-231083) filed by bunge limited and blfc with the u.s. securities and exchange commission. interest on the notes is payable semi-annually in arrears in february and august of each year, commencing on february 17, 2021. at any time prior to july 17, 2025 (one month before maturity of the notes), we may elect to redeem and repay the notes, at any time in whole, or from time to time in part, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the notes being redeemed on the redemption date. the net proceeds of the offering were approximately $595 million after deducting underwriting commissions, the original issue discount and offering fees and expense payable by us. we used the net proceeds from this offering for general corporate purposes, including the repayment of certain short-term debt that included borrowings under the commercial paper program.
the following table summarizes our short and long-term debt:
december 31,
(us$ in millions)                                                                         2020                        2019
short-term debt: (1)
short-term debt (2)                                                                 $2,828                        $771
current portion of long-term debt                                                        8                         507
total short-term debt                                                                2,836                       1,278
long-term debt:
term loan due 2024 - three-month yen libor plus 0.75% (tranche a)                      297                         281
term loan due 2024 - three-month libor plus 1.30% (tranche b)                           89                          89
3.50% senior notes due 2020                                                              -                         499
3.00% senior notes due 2022                                                            399                         398
1.85% senior notes due 2023 - euro                                                     982                         899
4.35% senior notes due 2024                                                            597                         596
1.63% senior notes due 2025                                                            595                           -
3.25% senior notes due 2026                                                            696                         696
3.75% senior notes due 2027                                                            595                         595
other                                                                                  210                         170
subtotal                                                                             4,460                       4,223
less: current portion of long-term debt                                                (8)                       (507)
total long-term debt (3)                                                             4,452                       3,716
total debt                                                                          $7,288                      $4,994
(1)    includes secured debt of $1 million and $1 million at december 31, 2020 and december 31, 2019, respectively.
(2)    includes $558 million and $348 million of local currency borrowings in certain central and eastern european, south american, and asia-pacific countries at a weighted average interest rate of 24.54% and 27.16% as of december 31, 2020 and december 31, 2019, respectively.
(3)    includes secured debt of $5 million and $15 million at december 31, 2020 and december 31, 2019, respectively.
we have also entered into standby letters of credit and surety bonds with financial institutions primarily relating to the guarantee of our future performance on certain contracts. contingent liabilities on outstanding standby letter of credit agreements and surety bonds aggregated to $1,226 million and $1,156 million as of december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
credit ratings-bunge's debt ratings and outlook by major credit rating agencies at december 31, 2020 were as follows:
short-termdebt(1)       long-term         outlook debt standard &amp; poor's         a-1                     bbb               stable moody's                       p-1                     baa3              stable fitch                         f1                      bbb-              stable
(1)short-term rating applies only to bunge asset funding corp., the issuer under our commercial paper program.
our debt agreements do not have any credit rating downgrade triggers that would accelerate the maturity of our debt. however, credit rating downgrades would increase our borrowing costs under our credit facilities and, depending on their severity, could impede our ability to obtain credit facilities or access the capital markets in the future on competitive terms. a significant increase in our borrowing costs could impair our ability to compete effectively in our business relative to competitors with higher credit ratings.
43
our credit facilities and certain senior notes require us to comply with specified financial covenants, including minimum net worth, minimum current ratio, a maximum debt to capitalization ratio, and limitations on secured indebtedness. we were in compliance with these covenants as of december 31, 2020.
trade receivable securitization program-the company, and certain of its subsidiaries participate in a trade receivable securitization program (the "program") with a financial institution, as administrative agent, and certain commercial paper conduit purchasers and committed purchasers (collectively, the "purchasers") that provides for funding of up to $800 million against receivables sold into the program. the program, which provides us with an additional source of liquidity, terminates on may 26, 2021.
our risk of loss following the sale of the trade receivables under the program is limited to the deferred purchase price receivable (the "dpp"), which at december 31, 2020 and 2019 had a fair value of $177 million and $105 million, respectively, and is included in other current assets in our consolidated balance sheets (see note 4- trade accounts receivable and trade receivable securitization program, to our consolidated financial statements included as part of this annual report on form 10-k). the dpp will be repaid in cash as receivables are collected, generally within 30 days. delinquencies and credit losses on trade receivables sold under the program during the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018 were insignificant.
interest rate swap agreements-we may use interest rate swaps as hedging instruments and record the swaps at fair value in the consolidated balance sheets with changes in fair value recorded contemporaneously in earnings. additionally, the carrying amount of the associated debt is adjusted through earnings for changes in the fair value due to changes in benchmark interest rates.
equity-total equity is set forth in the following table:
december 31,
(us$ in millions)                                                                      2020                        2019
convertible perpetual preference shares                                            $690                        $690
common shares                                                                         1                           1
additional paid-in capital                                                        5,408                       5,329
retained earnings                                                                 7,236                       6,437
accumulated other comprehensive income                                          (6,246)                     (5,624)
treasury shares, at cost (2020-15,428,313 and 2019-12,882,313)                  (1,020)                       (920)
total bunge shareholders' equity                                                  6,069                       5,913
noncontrolling interests                                                            136                         117
total equity                                                                     $6,205                      $6,030
total bunge shareholders' equity was $6,069 million at december 31, 2020 compared to $5,913 million at december 31, 2019. the increase in bunge shareholders' equity during the year ended december 31, 2020 was primarily due to $1,145 million of net income attributable to bunge, offset by $622 million of other comprehensive loss, primarily currency translation adjustment, $282 million and $34 million of declared dividends to common and preferred shareholders, respectively, and $100 million of common share repurchases.
noncontrolling interest increased to $136 million at december 31, 2020 from $117 million at december 31, 2019 primarily due to net income attributable to our noncontrolling interest entities, offset by dividends paid to non-controlling interest holders.
at december 31, 2020, we had 6,899,683 4.875% cumulative convertible perpetual preference shares outstanding with an aggregate liquidation preference of $690 million. each convertible perpetual preference share has an initial liquidation preference of $100, which will be adjusted for any accumulated and unpaid dividends. the convertible perpetual preference shares carry an annual dividend of $4.875 per share payable quarterly. as a result of adjustments made to the initial conversion price because cash dividends paid on bunge limited's common shares exceeded certain specified thresholds, each convertible perpetual preference share is convertible, at the holder's option, at any time into 1.2585 bunge limited common shares, based on the conversion price of $79.4592 per share, subject to certain additional anti-dilution adjustments (which represents 8,683,251 bunge limited common shares at december 31, 2020). at any time, if the closing price of our common shares equals or exceeds 130% of the conversion price for 20 trading days during any consecutive 30 trading days (including the last trading day of such period), we may elect to cause the convertible perpetual preference shares to be automatically converted into bunge limited common shares at the then-prevailing conversion price. the convertible perpetual preference shares are not redeemable by us at any time.
44
share repurchase program - in may 2015, we established a program for the repurchase of up to $500 million of our issued and outstanding common shares. the program has no expiration date. bunge repurchased 2,546,000 common shares under this program during the year ended december 31, 2020, for $100 million. total repurchases under the program from its inception in may 2015 through december 31, 2020 were 7,253,440 shares for $400 million.
cash flows year ended december 31, us$ in millions                                                                                            2020                        2019                          2018
cash provided by (used for) operating activities                                                   $(3,536)                      $(808)                      $(1,264)
cash provided by (used for) investing activities                                                      1,813                       1,503                           410
cash provided by (used for) financing activities                                                      1,763                       (771)                           631
effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash                         19                           5                            11
net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash                                $59                       $(71)                        $(212)
our cash flows from operations vary depending on, among other items, the market prices and timing of the purchase and sale of our inventories. generally, during periods when commodity prices are rising, our agribusiness operations require increased use of cash to support working capital to acquire inventories and fund daily settlement requirements on exchange traded futures that we use to minimize price risk related to the purchase and sale of our inventories.
2020 compared to 2019
for the year ended december 31, 2020, our cash and cash equivalents, and restricted cash increased $59 million, compared to a decrease of $71 million for the year ended december 31, 2019.
operating: cash used for operating activities was $3,536 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, an increase of $2,728 million compared to cash used for operating activities of $808 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the increase was due to higher working capital funding requirements, primarily rmi and proceeds from beneficial interests in securitized trade receivables, both primarily driven by higher commodity prices, partially offset by higher net income during the year ended december 31, 2020.
year ended december 31, us$ in millions                                                            2020                        2019
cash provided by (used for) operating activities                                    $(3,536)                             $(808)
proceeds from beneficial interest in securitized trade receivables                  1,943                                 1,312
cash provided by (used for) operating activities, adjusted                          $(1,593)                               $504
cash used for operating activities, adjusted for proceeds from beneficial interest in securitized trade receivables was $1,593 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to cash provided by operating activities of $504 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the change in cash provided by (used for) operating activities is due to higher working capital funding requirements, primarily rmi, partially offset by higher net income during the year ended december 31, 2020.
certain of our non-u.s. operating subsidiaries are primarily funded with u.s. dollar-denominated debt, while currency risk is hedged with u.s. dollar-denominated assets. the functional currency of our operating subsidiaries is generally the local currency. the financial statements of our subsidiaries are calculated in the functional currency, and when the local currency is the functional currency, translated into u.s. dollar. u.s. dollar-denominated loans are remeasured into their respective functional currencies at exchange rates at the applicable balance sheet date. also, certain of our u.s. dollar functional operating subsidiaries outside the u.s. are partially funded with local currency borrowings, while the currency risk is hedged with local currency denominated assets. local currency loans in u.s. dollar functional currency subsidiaries outside the u.s. are remeasured into u.s. dollars at the exchange rate on the applicable balance sheet date. the resulting gain or loss is included in our consolidated statements of income as foreign exchange gains or losses. for the year ended december 31, 2020 we recorded a foreign currency gain on net debt of $206 million versus a foreign currency loss on net debt for the year ended december 31, 2019 of $139 million, which were included as adjustments to reconcile net income to cash used for operating activities in the line item "foreign exchange (gain) loss on net debt" in our consolidated statements of cash flows. this adjustment is required
45
as these losses are non-cash items that arise from financing activities and therefore will have no impact on cash flows from operations.
investing: cash provided by investing activities was $1,813 million for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to $1,503 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, an increase of $310 million. the increase was primarily due to higher proceeds from beneficial interests in securitized trade receivables, lower capital expenditures, and higher cash inflows from settlements of net investment hedges, offset by lower net proceeds from investments and the divestiture of businesses and property, plant and equipment for the year ended december 31, 2020.
for the year ended december 31, 2020, cash from beneficial interests in securitized trade receivables was $1,943 million. in addition, we received proceeds from investments of $305 million, primarily promissory notes related to financial services investments, which were more than offset by payments of $337 million for such investments. we also made payments for capital expenditures of $365 million related to capital projects at various facilities. for the year ended december 31, 2019, cash from beneficial interests in securitized trade receivables was $1,312 million. in addition, we received proceeds from investments of $449 million, primarily from promissory notes related to financial services investments, partially offset by payments of $393 million made for such investments. we also made payments for capital expenditures of $524 million, which primarily related to the replanting of sugarcane in our brazilian sugar and biofuels business that was contributed to the bp bunge bioenergia joint venture in late 2019, as well as other capital projects at various facilities.
financing: cash provided by financing activities was $1,763 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, an increase of $2,534 million, compared to cash used by financing activities of $771 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, for the year ended december 31, 2020, we had net cash proceeds from short-term and long-term debt of $2,202 million, primarily used to fund seasonal working capital requirements, mostly comprising rmi. we also paid dividends of $316 million to our common shareholders and holders of our convertible preference shares, and repurchased $100 million of common shares. for the year ended december 31, 2019, net cash repayments from short-term and long-term debt were $438 million, primarily due to lower overall debt needs following the transfer of our industrial sugar business in brazil to the bp bunge bioenergia joint venture. in addition, we paid dividends of $317 million to our common shareholders and holders of our convertible preference shares.
2019 compared to 2018
in 2019, our cash and cash equivalents, and restricted cash decreased by $71 million, compared to a decrease of $212 million in 2018.
operating: cash used for operating activities was $808 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, compared to cash used for operating activities of $1,264 million for the year ended december 31, 2018. net cash outflows from operating activities was lower for the year ended december 31, 2019, primarily due to the lower use of cash associated with beneficial interests in securitized trade receivables, partially offset by higher working capital requirements, when compared to the year ended december 31, 2018.
year ended december 31, us$ in millions                                                            2019                      2018
cash provided by (used for) operating activities                                       $(808)                          $(1,264)
proceeds from beneficial interest in securitized trade receivables                      1,312                             1,888
cash provided by (used for) operating activities, adjusted                               $504                              $624
cash provided by operating activities, adjusted for proceeds from beneficial interest in securitized trade receivables was $504 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, compared to $624 million for the year ended december 31, 2018. the decrease was due to lower net income and higher working capital requirements when compared to the year ended december 31, 2018.
for the years ended december 31, 2019 and december 31, 2018, we recorded foreign currency losses of $139 million and $139 million, respectively, which were included as adjustments to reconcile net income to cash used for operating activities in the line item "foreign exchange (gain) loss on net debt" in our consolidated statements of cash flows. this adjustment is required as these gains or losses are non-cash items that arise from financing activities and therefore will have no impact on cash flows from operations.
investing: cash provided by investing activities was $1,503 million for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to cash provided by investing activities of $410 million for the year ended december 31, 2018. during 2019, payments were made for capital expenditures of $524 million, primarily related to replanting of sugarcane for our industrial sugar business in brazil, which were subsequently transferred to the bp bunge bioenergia joint venture in december 2019, as well as other capital projects at various facilities. in addition, payments were made for investments of $393 million, primarily related to deposits in south america and promissory notes related to financial services, which were more than offset by proceeds from such investments and the sale of equity securities associated with an investment subsequent to its initial public offering of $449 million. cash provided by investing activities was primarily associated with proceeds of $1,312 million from beneficial interests in securitized trade receivables and $729 million from the divestiture of businesses and disposals of property, plant, and equipment. during 2018, payments were made for capital expenditures of $493 million, primarily related to replanting of sugarcane for our industrial sugar business in brazil, which were subsequently transferred to the bp bunge bioenergia joint venture in december 2019, and the upgrade of our crush facility in italy, as well as other capital projects at various facilities. in addition, we acquired loders for $908 million, net of cash acquired, and minsa usa for $73 million, net of cash acquired. further, payments were made for investments of $1,184 million, primarily related to deposits, treasuries and bonds in south america related to financial services, which were substantially offset by proceeds from such investments of $1,098 million. cash provided by investing activities was primarily associated with proceeds of $1,888 million from beneficial interests in securitized trade receivables, as well as cash inflows related to settlements of net investment hedges of $66 million in the year ended december 31, 2018, primarily driven by the depreciation of the brazilian real relative to the u.s. dollar in 2018.
financing: cash used for financing activities was $771 million in the year ended december 31, 2019, compared to cash provided by financing activities of $631 million for the year ended december 31, 2018. for the year ended december 31, 2019, net cash repayments from short-term and long-term debt were $438 million, primarily related to lower overall debt needs following the transfer of our industrial sugar business in brazil to the bp bioenergia joint venture. in addition, we paid dividends of $317 million to our common shareholders and holders of our convertible preference shares. for the year ended december 31, 2018, net cash proceeds from short-term and long-term debt were $956 million, primarily related to the funding of acquisitions, capital expenditures and working capital needs. in 2018, dividends paid to our common shareholders and holders of our convertible preference shares were $305 million.
brazilian farmer credit background-we advance collateralized funds to counterparties (farmers and crop resellers), primarily to secure the origination of soybeans for our soybean processing facilities in brazil. these activities are generally intended to be short-term in nature. the ability of our counterparties to repay these amounts is affected by agricultural economic conditions in the relevant geography, which are, in turn, affected by commodity prices, currency exchange rates, crop input costs and crop quality and yields. as a result, these arrangements are typically secured, including by a farmer's crop and, in many cases, land and other assets. in the event of counterparty default, we generally initiate legal proceedings to recover the defaulted amounts. however, the legal recovery process through the judicial system is a long-term process, generally spanning a number of years. additionally, we may seek to renegotiate certain terms of our contract with the defaulting supplier in order to accelerate the recovery of amounts owed.
because brazilian farmer credit exposures are denominated in local currency, reported values are impacted by movements in the value of the brazilian real when translated into u.s. dollars. from december 31, 2019 to december 31, 2020, the brazilian real depreciated by approximately 23%, decreasing the reported farmer credit exposure balances when translated into u.s. dollars.
we periodically evaluate the collectability of our farmer receivables and record allowances if we determine that collection is doubtful. we base our determination of the allowance on analyses of the credit quality of individual accounts, also considering the economic and financial condition of the farming industry and other market conditions, as well as the value of any collateral related to amounts owed. we continuously review defaulted farmer receivables for impairment on an individual account basis. we consider all accounts in legal collections processes to be defaulted and past due. for such accounts, we determine the allowance for uncollectible amounts based on the fair value of the associated collateral, net of estimated costs to sell. for all renegotiated accounts (current and past due), we consider changes in farm economic conditions and other market conditions, our historical experience related to renegotiated accounts, and the fair value of collateral in determining the allowance for doubtful accounts.
secured advances to suppliers and prepaid commodity contracts-we purchase soybeans through prepaid commodity purchase contracts (advance cash payments to suppliers against contractual obligations to deliver specified quantities of soybeans in the future) and secured advances to suppliers (advances to suppliers against commitments to deliver soybeans in the future), primarily in brazil. these financing arrangements are typically secured by the farmer's future crop and mortgages on the farmer's land, buildings and equipment, and are generally settled after the farmer's crop is harvested and sold.
interest earned on secured advances to suppliers of $31 million, $26 million and $30 million for the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively, is included in net sales in the consolidated statements of income.
the table below shows details of prepaid commodity contracts and secured advances to suppliers outstanding at our brazilian operations as of the dates indicated. see note 6- other current assets and note 12- other non-current assets, to our consolidated financial statements included as part of this annual report on form 10-k for more information.
december 31,
(us$ in millions)                                                                    2020                      2019
prepaid commodity contracts                                                      $141                       $98
secured advances to suppliers (current)                                           374                       336
total (current)                                                                   515                       434
commodities not yet priced(1)                                                    (30)                       (9)
net                                                                               485                       425
secured advances to suppliers (non-current)                                        81                       134
total (current and non-current)                                                   566                       559
allowance for uncollectible amounts (current and non-current)                   $(43)                     $(65)
(1)commodities delivered by suppliers that are yet to be priced are reflected at prevailing market prices at december 31, 2020 and 2019.
capital expenditures our cash payments made for capital expenditures were $365 million, $524 million and $493 million for the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. we intend to make capital expenditures of approximately $450 million in 2021. our priorities for 2021 are to maintain the cash generating capacity of our assets through non-discretionary projects, such as maintenance, safety and compliance, as well as discretionary investment in growth and productivity projects, focusing on our strategy to strengthen our oilseeds platform, increase participation in biofuels and plant-based proteins, as well as growing our value added oils business. we intend to fund these capital expenditures primarily with cash flows from operations.
off-balance sheet arrangements guarantees we have issued or were party to the following guarantees at december 31, 2020:
(us$ in millions)                                            maximum potential future payments unconsolidated affiliates guarantee (1)                           $267
residual value guarantee (2)                    258
total                                                             $525
(1)we have issued guarantees to certain financial institutions related to debt of certain of our unconsolidated affiliates. the terms of the guarantees are equal to the terms of the related financings which have maturity dates through 2034. there are no recourse provisions or collateral that would enable us to recover any amounts paid under these guarantees. in addition, one of our subsidiaries has guaranteed the obligations of two of its affiliates and in connection therewith has secured its guarantee obligations through a pledge of one of its affiliate's shares plus loans receivable from the affiliate to the financial institutions in the event that the guaranteed obligations are enforced. based on the amounts drawn under such debt facilities at december 31, 2020, our potential liability was $245 million and we have recorded a $12 million obligation related to these guarantees.
(2)we have issued guarantees to certain financial institutions which are party to certain operating lease arrangements for railcars and barges. these guarantees provide for a minimum residual value to be received by the lessor at conclusion of the lease term. these leases expire at various dates from 2021 through 2026. at december 31, 2020, no obligation has been recorded related to these guarantees. any obligation recorded would be recognized in current operating lease obligations or non-current operating lease obligations (see note 27- leases, to our consolidated financial statements).
48
we have provided a guaranty to the director of the illinois department of agriculture as trustee for bunge north america, inc. ("bna"), an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary, which guarantees all amounts due and owing by bna, to grain producers and/or depositors in the state of illinois who have delivered commodities to bna's illinois facilities.
in addition, we have provided full and unconditional parent level guarantees of the outstanding indebtedness under certain credit facilities entered into, and senior notes issued by, our subsidiaries. at december 31, 2020, our consolidated balance sheet includes debt with a carrying amount of $6,760 million related to these guarantees. this debt includes the senior notes issued by two of our 100% owned finance subsidiaries, bunge limited finance corp. and bunge finance europe b.v. there are largely no restrictions on the ability of bunge limited finance corp. and bunge finance europe b.v. or any other bunge subsidiary to transfer funds to bunge limited.
contractual obligations the following table summarizes our scheduled contractual obligations and their expected maturities at december 31, 2020, and the effect such obligations are expected to have on our liquidity and cash flows in the future periods indicated.
payments due by period
(us$ in millions)                                                total                    2021                2022 - 2023                2024 - 2025                 2026 and thereafter short-term debt                                             $2,828                   $2,828                      $-                         $-                               $-
long-term debt(1)                                            4,387                       13                   1,497                      1,584                            1,293
variable interest rate obligations                              15                        6                       7                          2                                -
interest obligations on fixed rate debt                        484                      120                     198                        112                               54
non-cancelable lease obligations(2)                            925                      261                     365                        168                              131
capital commitments                                             51                       51                       -                          -                                -
freight supply agreements(3)                                   101                      101                       -                          -                                -
inventory purchase commitments                                 641                      628                      13                          -                                -
power supply purchase commitments                               82                       32                      22                         17                               11
other commitments and obligations(4)                           136                       53                      57                         23                                3
total contractual cash obligations(5)                       $9,650                   $4,093                  $2,159                     $1,906                           $1,492
(1)excludes components of long-term debt attributable to fair value hedge accounting of $92 million and deferred financing fees and unamortized premiums of $19 million.
(2)represents future minimum payments under non-cancelable leases with initial terms of one year or more. minimum lease payments have not been reduced by minimum sublease income receipts of $23 million due in future periods under non-cancelable subleases.
(3)represents purchase commitments for time on ocean freight vessels and railroad freight lines for the purpose of transporting agricultural commodities. the ocean freight service agreements are short term contracts with a duration of less than a year. ocean freight service agreements with terms in excess of one year are included in non-cancelable lease obligations. the railroad freight service agreements require a minimum monthly payment regardless of the actual level of freight services used. the costs of our freight supply agreements are typically passed through to our customers as a component of the prices we charge for our products. however, changes in the market value of such freight services compared to the rates at which we have contracted them may affect margins on the sales of agricultural commodities.
(4)represents other purchase commitments and obligations, such as take-or-pay contracts, throughput contracts, and debt commitment fees.
(5)does not include estimated payments of liabilities associated with uncertain income tax positions. as of december 31, 2020, bunge had uncertain income tax liabilities of $52 million, including interest and penalties. at this time, we are unable to make a reasonably reliable estimate of the timing of payments in individual years in connection with these tax liabilities; therefore, such amounts are not included in the above contractual obligations table. see note 14- income taxes to our consolidated financial statements.
employee benefit plans we expect to contribute $21 million to our defined benefit pension plans and $4 million to our postretirement benefit plans in 2021.
critical accounting policies and estimates our accounting policies are more fully described in note 1- nature of business, basis of presentation and significant accounting policies to our consolidated financial statements included as part of this annual report on form 10-k. as disclosed in note 1, the preparation of financial statements in conformity with u.s. gaap requires management to make substantial judgment or estimation in their application that may significantly affect reported amounts in the financial statements and accompanying notes. actual results could differ significantly from those estimates. we believe the following discussion addresses our most critical accounting policies, which are those that are most important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations and require management's most difficult, subjective and complex judgments.
offsetting in the normal course of its operations we routinely enter into transactions resulting in the recognition of assets and liabilities stemming from unconditional obligations, for example trade receivables and trade payables, or conditional obligations, for example unrealized gains and losses on derivative contracts at fair value, with the same counterparty. we generally record all such assets and liabilities on a gross basis, even when they are subject to master netting agreements.
however, we also engage in various trade structured finance activities to leverage the value of our global trade flows. these activities include programs under which we generally obtain u.s. dollar-denominated letters of credit ("lcs"), each based on an underlying commodity trade flow, from financial institutions and time deposits denominated in either the local currency of the financial institutions' counterparties or in u.s. dollars, as well as foreign exchange forward contracts, and other programs in which trade related payables are set-off against receivables when all related assets and liabilities are subject to legally enforceable set-off agreements and the criteria of asc 210-20, offsetting, has been met. cash inflows are offset by the related cash outflows resulting from placement of the time deposits and repayment of the lcs. all cash flows related to the programs are included in operating activities in the consolidated statements of cash flows.
translation of foreign currency financial statements our reporting currency is the u.s. dollar. the functional currency of the majority of our foreign subsidiaries is their local currency. as such, amounts included in the consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income (loss), cash flows, and changes in equity are translated using average exchange rates during each period. assets and liabilities are translated at period-end exchange rates and resulting foreign currency translation adjustments are recorded in the consolidated balance sheets as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). however, in accordance with u.s. gaap, if a foreign entity's economy is determined to be highly inflationary, then such foreign entity's financial statements are remeasured as if the functional currency were the reporting currency.
we have significant operations in argentina and, up until june 30, 2018, had utilized the official exchange rate of the argentine peso published by the argentine government when recording applicable transactions and remeasuring applicable assets and liabilities in its financial statements. argentina has experienced negative economic trends, as evidenced by multiple periods of increasing inflation rates, devaluation of the peso, and increasing borrowing rates, requiring the argentine government to take mitigating actions. during the second quarter of 2018, it was determined that argentina's economy should be considered highly inflationary, and as such, beginning on july 1, 2018, our argentine subsidiaries changed their functional currency to the u.s. dollar. this change in functional currency did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.
foreign currency transactions monetary assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the functional currency are remeasured into their respective functional currencies at exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet date. the resulting exchange gain or loss is included in our consolidated statements of income as foreign exchange gain (loss) unless the remeasurement gain or loss relates to an intercompany transaction that is of a long-term investment nature and for which settlement is not planned or anticipated in the foreseeable future. gains or losses arising from remeasurement of such transactions are reported as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) in our consolidated balance sheets.
inventories and derivatives our rmi, forward rmi purchase and sale contracts, and exchange traded futures and options are primarily valued at fair value. rmi are freely-traded, have quoted market prices, may be sold without significant additional processing and have predictable and insignificant disposal costs. we estimate fair values of commodity inventories and forward purchase and sale contracts on these inventories based on commodity futures exchange quotations, broker or dealer quotations, or market transactions in either listed or over-the-counter ("otc") markets with appropriate adjustments for differences in local markets where our inventories are located. certain inventories may utilize significant unobservable data related to local market adjustments to determine fair value. the significant unobservable inputs for rmi and physically settled forward purchase and sale contracts relate to certain management estimations regarding costs of transportation and other local market or location-related adjustments, primarily freight related adjustments in the interior of brazil and the lack of market corroborated information in canada. in both situations, we use proprietary information such as purchase and sale contracts and contracted prices to value freight, premiums, and discounts in our contracts. changes in the fair values of these inventories and contracts are recognized in our consolidated statements of income as a component of cost of goods sold. if we used different methods or factors to estimate fair values, amounts reported as inventories and unrealized gains and losses on derivative contracts in the consolidated balance sheets and cost of goods sold in the consolidated statements of income, respectively, could differ. additionally, if market conditions change subsequent to year-end, amounts reported in future periods as inventories, unrealized gains and losses on derivative contracts, and cost of goods sold could differ.
allowances for uncollectible accounts trade accounts receivable-trade accounts receivable is stated at historical carrying amounts net of write-offs and allowances for uncollectible accounts. we establish allowances for uncollectible trade accounts receivable based on lifetime expected credit losses utilizing an aging schedule for each pool of trade accounts receivable. pools are determined based on risk characteristics such as the type of customer and geography. a default rate is derived using a provision matrix with data based on bunge's historical receivables information. the default rate is then applied to the pool to determine the allowance for expected credit losses. given the short term nature of our trade accounts receivable, the default rate is only adjusted if significant changes in the credit profile of the portfolio are identified (e.g., poor crop years, credit issues at the country level, systematic risk), resulting in historic loss rates that are not representative of forecasted losses. uncollectible accounts are written off when a settlement is reached for an amount that is less than the outstanding historical balance or when we have determined that collection of the balance is unlikely.
specifically, in establishing appropriate default rates as of december 31, 2020, we took into consideration expected impacts on our customers and other debtors in view of the covid-19 pandemic, as well as other factors, which did not result in a material impact on our financial statements.
we record and report accrued interest receivable within the same line item as the related receivable. the allowance for expected credit losses is estimated on the amortized cost basis of the trade accounts receivable, including accrued interest receivable. we recognize credit loss expense when establishing an allowance for accrued interest receivable.
secured advances to suppliers-secured advances to suppliers is stated at historical carrying amounts net of write-offs and allowances for uncollectible accounts. secured advances to suppliers are expected to be settled through delivery of non-cash assets and as such, allowances are established when collection is not probable. we establish an allowance for secured advances to suppliers, generally farmers and resellers of grain, based on historical experience, farming economics and other market conditions as well as specific customer collection issues. uncollectible accounts are written off when a settlement is reached for an amount below the outstanding historical balance or when we have determined that collection is unlikely.
secured advances to suppliers bear interest at contractual rates that reflect current market interest rates at the time of the transaction. there are no deferred fees or costs associated with these receivables. as a result, there are no imputed interest amounts to be amortized under the interest method. interest income is calculated based on the terms of the individual agreements and is recognized on an accrual basis.
we follow accounting guidance on the disclosure of the credit quality of financing receivables and the allowance for credit losses, which requires information to be disclosed at disaggregated levels, defined as portfolio segments and classes. under this guidance, secured advances to suppliers are considered impaired, based on current information and events, if we determine it probable that all amounts due under the original terms of the receivable will not be collected. recognition of interest income is suspended once the borrower defaults on the originally scheduled delivery of agricultural commodities as the collection of future income is determined not to be probable. no additional interest income is accrued from the point of default until ultimate recovery, at which time amounts collected are credited first against the receivable and then to any unrecognized interest income.
goodwill when we acquire a business, the consideration is first assigned to identifiable assets and liabilities, including intangible assets, based on estimated fair values, with any excess recorded as goodwill. determining fair value requires significant estimates and assumptions based on an evaluation of a number of factors, including market participants, projected growth rates, the amounts and timing of future cash flows, and the discount rates applied to the cash flows. determining the useful life of an asset also requires significant judgment.
our goodwill balance is not amortized to expense. instead, it is tested for impairment at least annually. we generally perform our annual impairment analysis during the fourth quarter. if events or indicators of impairment occur between annual impairment analyses, we perform an impairment analysis at that date. these events or circumstances could include a significant change in the business climate, legal factors, operating performance indicators, competition, or sale or disposition of a significant asset. in testing for a potential impairment of goodwill, we: (1) determine our reporting units; (2) allocate goodwill to our various reporting units to which the acquired goodwill relates; (3) determine the carrying value, or book value, of our reporting units; (4) estimate the fair value of each reporting unit using a discounted cash flow model and/or using market multiples; (5) compare the fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying value; and (6) if the estimated fair value of a reporting unit is less than the carrying value, we recognize an impairment charge for such amount, but not exceeding the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit.
the process of evaluating the potential impairment of goodwill is subjective and requires significant judgment at many points during the analysis, including the identification of our reporting units, identification and allocation of the assets and liabilities to each of our reporting units, and determination of fair value. in estimating the fair value of a reporting unit for the purposes of our annual or periodic impairment analysis, we make estimates and significant judgments about the future cash flows of that reporting unit aligned with management's strategic business plans. changes in judgment related to these assumptions and estimates could result in goodwill impairment charges. we believe the assumptions and estimates used are appropriate based on the information currently available to management. estimates based on market earnings multiples of peer companies identified for the reporting unit may also be used, where available. critical estimates in the determination of fair value under the income approach include, but are not limited to, assumptions about variables such as commodity prices, crop throughput and production volumes, profitability, future capital expenditures and discount rates, all of which are subject to a high degree of judgment.
during the fourth quarter of 2020, we performed our annual impairment assessment and determined the estimated fair values of each of our goodwill reporting units exceeded each of their carrying values. see note 8- goodwill, to our consolidated financial statements. during the fourth quarter of 2019, we recorded a goodwill impairment charge of $108 million related to what had been our bunge loders croklaan reporting unit.
property, plant and equipment and other finite-lived intangible assets long-lived assets include property, plant and equipment and other finite-lived intangible assets. property, plant and equipment and finite-lived intangible assets are depreciated or amortized over their estimated useful life on a straight line basis. when facts and circumstances indicate the carrying values of these assets may be impaired, an evaluation of recoverability is performed by comparing the carrying value of the assets to the undiscounted projected future cash flows to be generated by such assets from their use and ultimate disposal. if it appears the carrying value of our assets is not recoverable, we compare the carrying value of the assets to the discounted projected future cash flows to be generated by such assets from their use and ultimate disposal, and if the carrying value is greater, recognize an impairment loss for the difference between the discounted projected future cash flows and the carrying value of the assets as a charge against results of operations. our judgments related to the expected useful lives of these assets and our ability to realize undiscounted cash flows in excess of the carrying amount of such assets are affected by factors such as the ongoing maintenance of the assets, changes in economic conditions and changes in operating performance. as we assess the ongoing expected cash flows and carrying amounts of these assets, changes in these factors could cause us to realize material impairment charges. we recorded impairment charges of $180 million for property, plant and equipment and intangible assets during the year ended december 31, 2019, primarily related to portfolio rationalization initiatives.
contingencies we are a party to a large number of claims and lawsuits, primarily non-income tax and labor claims in brazil and non-income tax claims in argentina, and we make provisions for potential liabilities arising from such claims when we deem them probable and reasonably estimable. these estimates of probable loss have been developed in consultation with in-house and outside counsel and are based on an analysis of potential results, assuming a combination of litigation and settlement strategies. future results of operations for any particular quarterly or annual period could be materially affected by changes in our assumptions or the effectiveness of our strategies relating to these proceedings. for more information on tax and labor claims in brazil, see "item 3. legal proceedings"
income taxes we record valuation allowances to reduce our deferred tax assets to the amount that we are likely to realize. we consider projections of future taxable income and prudent tax planning strategies to assess the need for and the amount of the valuation allowances. if we determine that we can realize a deferred tax asset in excess of our net recorded amount, we decrease the valuation allowance, thereby decreasing income tax expense. conversely, if we determine that we are unable to realize all or part of our net deferred tax asset, we increase the valuation allowance, thereby increasing income tax expense.
we apply a "more likely than not" threshold to the recognition and de-recognition of tax benefits. accordingly, we recognize the amount of tax benefit that has a greater than 50 percent likelihood of being ultimately realized upon settlement. the calculation of our uncertain tax positions involves complexities in the application of intricate tax regulations in a multitude of jurisdictions across our global operations. future changes in judgment related to the ultimate resolution of unrecognized tax benefits will affect the earnings in the quarter of such change. at december 31, 2020 and 2019, we had recorded uncertain tax positions of $52 million and $53 million, respectively, in our consolidated balance sheets. for additional information on income taxes, please refer to note 14- income taxes to our consolidated financial statements included as part of this annual report on form 10-k.
recoverable taxes we evaluate the collectability of our recoverable taxes and record allowances if we determine that collection is doubtful. recoverable taxes include value-added taxes paid upon the acquisition of property, plant and equipment, raw materials and taxable services and other transactional taxes, which can be recovered in cash or as compensation against income taxes, or other taxes we may owe, primarily in brazil and europe. management's assumption about the collectability of recoverable taxes requires significant judgment because it involves an assessment of the ability and willingness of the applicable federal or local government to refund the taxes. the balance of these allowances fluctuates depending on the sales activity of existing inventories, purchases of new inventories, percentages of export sales, seasonality, changes in applicable tax rates, cash payments by the applicable government agencies and the offset of outstanding balances against income or certain other taxes owed to the applicable governments, where permissible. at december 31, 2020 and 2019, the allowance for recoverable taxes was $58 million and $78 million, respectively. we continue to monitor the economic environment and events taking place in the applicable countries and in cases where we determine that recovery is doubtful, recoverable taxes are reduced by allowances for the estimated unrecoverable amounts.
new accounting pronouncements see note 1- nature of business, basis of presentation and significant accounting policies to our consolidated financial statements included as part of this annual report on form 10-k.
