item 1a. risk factors risks associated with our business, any investment in our securities, and with achieving the forward looking statements contained in this report or in our news releases, websites, public filings, investor and analyst conferences or elsewhere, include the risk factors described below. additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business operations. any of these risks, whether known or unknown, could cause our actual results to differ materially from expectations and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations, and we may not succeed in addressing these challenges and risks. you should read these risk factors in conjunction with "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in item 7 and our consolidated financial statements and related notes in item 8.
economic and industry risks the covid-19 pandemic has impacted our business, and will likely continue to impact our business in the future.
the covid-19 pandemic has adversely impacted economic activity and conditions worldwide, including workforces, liquidity, capital markets, consumer behavior, supply chains, and macroeconomic conditions, which in turn has materially impacted our business. in particular, the covid-19 pandemic has recently caused significant disruptions and delays in the manufacture and distribution of building products throughout the industry supply chain, resulting in shortages and shipping delays of several categories of building products, such as windows and lumber. in turn, these supply chain disruptions have in many cases led to significant spikes in the prices of the affected building products. while we expect the covid-19 pandemic to continue to impact our business in the near term, particularly in regions where we derive a significant amount of our revenue or profit or where our suppliers and customers are located, the extent and duration of the continued effects of the covid-19 pandemic on our business and results of operation is unknown and will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and outside our control. these developments include the scope, duration and severity of the pandemic (including the possibility of further surges or variations of covid-19 or the emergence of other health epidemics or pandemics), the timing and efficacy of the vaccination program in the u.s., further actions taken by governmental authorities, including future stimulus programs, in response to the pandemic and changing consumer and supplier behavior. it is also possible that the pandemic and its aftermath will lead to a prolonged economic slowdown or recession in the u.s. economy. the current covid-19 pandemic has impacted and may continue to impact our industry and cause disruptions to our operations, including as a result of temporary closure of locations, decreased demand for our products and services or disruption to our supply chain, all of which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
while we have taken significant precautions to ensure the health and safety of our team members and customers throughout the pandemic, we have had several employees test positive for covid-19 to date, requiring us to quarantine certain groups of employees and disinfect at certain locations and to occasionally temporarily close certain locations to disinfect. our operations could be further disrupted in the future if additional employees or employees of our suppliers or customers were suspected or confirmed of having covid-19 or other illnesses, and such illness required us or our suppliers or customers to quarantine some or all such employees or disinfect additional locations. also, a number of our administrative employees are working remotely. remote working may heighten cybersecurity, information security and operational risks and affect the productivity of our employees.
the covid-19 pandemic has caused, and may continue to cause disruptions in our supply chain. such disruptions may also be caused by the outbreak of new health epidemics or pandemics. the inability of our suppliers to meet our supply needs in a timely
11
manner or our quality standards could cause delays to delivery date requirements of our customers. such failures could result in the cancellation of orders, customers' refusal to accept deliveries, a reduction in purchase prices, and ultimately, termination of customer relationships, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. in that case, we may be required to seek alternative sources of materials or products. although we believe that we can manage our exposure to these risks, we cannot be certain that we will be able to identify such alternative materials or sources without delay or without greater cost to us. our inability to identify and secure alternative sources of supply in this situation could have a material adverse effect on our ability to satisfy customer orders. while we have largely been able to manage these supply chain disruptions to date, there is no guarantee that we will be able to do so in the future.
while only some of our locations were temporarily closed in the few states or counties where construction activities were temporarily prohibited at the beginning of the pandemic, we could also be adversely affected if government authorities impose further mandatory closures, seek voluntary closures or impose restrictions on our operations. even if such measures are not further implemented and a virus or other disease does not spread significantly, the perceived risk of infection or health risk may adversely affect our business and operating results.
we cannot predict the duration or scope of the covid-19 pandemic or when or how our business, financial conditions and results of operations will be further impacted by it, including as a result of the recent deterioration in the u.s. economy and any related impact on the residential homebuilding industry, and based on the duration and scope, such impact could be material. historically, in times of an economic recession, new home construction in the united states has slowed considerably. any significant downturn in new home construction as a result of the economic impact of the covid-19 pandemic could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
to the extent the covid-19 pandemic adversely affects our business, financial conditions and results of operations, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this "risk factors" section.
the industry in which we operate is dependent upon the residential homebuilding industry, as well as the u.s. economy, the credit markets and other important factors.
the building products industry is highly dependent on new home and multifamily construction as well as repair and remodel, which in turn are dependent upon a number of factors, including interest rates, consumer confidence, employment rates, foreclosure rates, housing inventory levels and occupancy, housing demand and the health of the u.s. economy and mortgage markets. unfavorable changes in demographics, credit markets, consumer confidence, housing affordability, or housing inventory levels and occupancy, or a weakening of the u.s. economy or of any regional or local economy, including as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, in which we operate could adversely affect consumer spending, result in decreased demand for our products, and adversely affect our business. production of new homes and multifamily buildings may also decline because of shortages of qualified tradesmen, reliance on inadequately capitalized builders and sub-contractors, and shortages of suitable building lots and material. in addition, the building industry is subject to various local, state, and federal statutes, ordinances, and regulations concerning zoning, building design and safety, construction, energy and water conservation and similar matters, including regulations that impose restrictive zoning and density requirements in order to limit the number of homes that can be built within the boundaries of a particular area or in order to maintain certain areas as primarily or exclusively residential. regulatory restrictions may increase our operating expenses and limit the availability of suitable building lots for our customers, which could negatively affect our sales and earnings. because we have substantial fixed costs, relatively modest declines in our customers' production levels could have a significant adverse effect on our financial condition, operating results and cash flows.
the building supply industry is subject to cyclical market pressures.
prices of building products are subject to fluctuations arising from changes in supply and demand, national and international economic conditions, labor costs, competition, market speculation, government regulation, and trade policies, as well as from periodic delays in the delivery of lumber and other products. for example, prices of wood products, including lumber and panel products, are subject to significant volatility, such as the spike in lumber prices during the covid-19 outbreak, and directly affect our sales and earnings. in particular, low prices for wood products over a sustained period can adversely affect our financial condition, operating results and cash flows, as can excessive spikes in prices. our lumber and lumber sheet goods product category represented 35.9% of total net sales for the year ended december 31, 2020. we have limited ability to manage the timing and amount of pricing changes for building products. in addition, the supply of building products fluctuates based on available manufacturing capacity. a shortage of capacity or excess capacity in the industry can result in significant increases or declines in prices for those building products, often within a short period of time. such price fluctuations can adversely affect our financial condition, operating results and cash flows.
12
in addition, the building products industry is cyclical in nature. despite disruptions from the covid-19 pandemic, the homebuilding industry has experienced growth in recent years and industry forecasters expect to see continued growth in the housing market over the next year. however, it is likely, based on historical experience, that we will face future downturns in the homebuilding industry which could have an adverse effect on our operating results, financial condition or cash flows. we are not able to predict the timing, severity or duration of any future downturns in the housing market.
our industry is highly fragmented and competitive, and increased competitive pressure may adversely affect our results.
the building products supply industry is highly fragmented and competitive. we face, and will continue to face, significant competition from local and regional building materials chains, as well as from privately-owned single site enterprises. any of these competitors may (1) foresee the course of market development more accurately than we do, (2) develop products that are superior to our products, (3) have the ability to produce or supply similar products at a lower cost, (4) develop stronger relationships with local homebuilders or commercial builders, (5) adapt more quickly to new technologies or evolving customer requirements than we do, or (6) have access to financing on more favorable terms than we can obtain in the market. as a result, we may not be able to compete successfully with them. in addition, home center retailers, which have historically concentrated their sales efforts on retail consumers and small contractors, have intensified their marketing efforts to professional homebuilders in recent years and may continue to intensify these efforts in the future. furthermore, certain product manufacturers sell and distribute their products directly to production homebuilders or commercial builders, and the volume of such direct sales could increase in the future. additionally, manufacturers of products distributed by us may elect to sell and distribute directly to homebuilders or commercial builders in the future or enter into exclusive supplier arrangements with other distributors. consolidation of production homebuilders or commercial builders may result in increased competition for their business. finally, we may not be able to maintain our operating costs or product prices at a level sufficiently low for us to compete effectively. if we are unable to compete effectively, our financial condition, operating results and cash flows may be adversely affected.
homebuyer demand may shift towards smaller homes creating fluctuations in demand for our products.
home affordability can be a key driver in demand for our products. home affordability is influenced by a number of economic factors, such as the level of employment, consumer confidence, consumer income, supply of houses, the availability of financing and interest rates. changes in the inventory of available homes as well as economic factors relative to home prices may result in homes becoming less affordable. furthermore, consumer preferences could shift to smaller or larger homes in the future. this could cause homebuyer demand to soften or shift substantially which could have an adverse impact on our financial condition, operating results and cash flows if we are unable to respond to the new market demands effectively.
a range of factors may make our quarterly revenues, earnings and cash flows variable.
we have historically experienced, and in the future will continue to experience, variability in revenues, earnings and cash flows on a quarterly basis. the factors expected to contribute to this variability include, among others: (1) the volatility of prices of lumber, wood products and other building products, (2) the cyclical nature of the homebuilding industry, (3) general economic conditions in the various areas that we serve, (4) the intense competition in the industry, including expansion and growth strategies by competitors, (5) the production schedules of our customers and suppliers, and (6) the effects of the weather. these factors, among others, make it difficult to project our operating results and cash flows on a consistent basis, which may affect the price of our stock.
operational and strategic risks we may be unable to successfully implement our growth strategy, which includes increasing sales of our prefabricated components and other value-added products, pursuing strategic acquisitions, opening new facilities, implementing operational excellence, and maintaining a balanced debt level.
our long-term strategy depends in part on growing our sales of prefabricated components and other value-added products, increasing our market share, and implementing various initiatives to increase our operational efficiency. if any of these initiatives are not successful, or require extensive investment, our growth may be limited, and we may be unable to achieve or maintain expected levels of growth and profitability.
our long-term business plan also provides for continued growth through strategic acquisitions and organic growth through the construction of new facilities or the expansion of existing facilities. failure to identify and acquire suitable acquisition candidates on appropriate terms could have a material adverse effect on our growth strategy. moreover, our liquidity position, or the requirements of our debt instruments could prevent us from obtaining the capital required to effect new acquisitions or expand our existing facilities. our failure to make successful acquisitions or to build or expand needed facilities, including manufacturing facilities, produce saleable
13
product, or meet customer demand in a timely manner could adversely affect our financial condition, operating results, and cash flows. a negative impact on our financial condition, operating results and cash flows, or our decision to invest in strategic acquisitions or new facilities, could adversely affect our ability to maintain a balanced debt level.
in addition, although we have been successful in the past with the integration of numerous acquisitions, we may not be able to fully integrate the operations of any future acquired businesses, including the recent bmc merger, with our own in an efficient and cost-effective manner or without significant disruption to our or the acquired companies' existing operations. moreover, acquisitions involve significant risks and uncertainties, including uncertainties as to the future financial performance of the acquired business, the achievement of expected synergies, difficulties integrating acquired personnel and corporate cultures into our business, the potential loss of key employees, customers or suppliers, difficulties in integrating different computer and accounting systems, exposure to unforeseen liabilities of acquired companies and the diversion of management attention and resources from existing operations. we may be unable to successfully complete potential acquisitions due to multiple factors, such as issues related to regulatory review of the proposed transactions. we may also be required to incur additional debt or issue additional shares of our common stock in order to consummate acquisitions in the future. potential new debt may be substantial and may limit our flexibility in using our cash flow from operations. the issuance of new shares of our common stock could dilute the equity value of our existing stockholders. our failure to fully integrate future acquired businesses effectively or to manage other consequences of our acquisitions, including increased indebtedness, could prevent us from remaining competitive and, ultimately, could adversely affect our financial condition, operating results and cash flows.
we are subject to competitive pricing pressure from our customers.
production homebuilders and multi-family builders historically have exerted and will continue to exert significant pressure on their outside suppliers, including on us, to keep prices low because of their market share and their ability to leverage such market share in the highly fragmented building products supply industry. over the past several years, these pricing pressures have adversely affected our operating results and cash flows. in addition, continued consolidation among production homebuilders or multi-family and commercial builders, or changes in such builders' purchasing policies or payment practices, could result in additional pricing pressure, and our financial condition, operating results and cash flows may be adversely affected. furthermore, in periods of economic downturn these pricing pressures tend to increase. as a result, we may face heightened pricing pressures in the event of an ongoing economic downturn resulting from the continuing covid-19 pandemic or otherwise, and our financial condition, operating results and cash flows may be adversely affected.
the loss of any of our significant customers or a reduction in the quantity of products they purchase could affect our financial health.
our ten largest customers generated approximately 15.8% of our net sales for the year ended december 31, 2020. we cannot guarantee that we will maintain or improve our relationships with these customers or that we will supply these customers at historical levels. moreover, in the event of any downturn, some of our homebuilder customers may exit or severely curtail building activity in certain of our markets.
in addition, production homebuilders, multi-family builders and other customers may: (1) seek to purchase some of the products that we currently sell directly from manufacturers, (2) elect to establish their own building products manufacturing and distribution facilities or (3) give advantages to manufacturing or distribution intermediaries in which they have an economic stake. continued consolidation among production homebuilders could also result in a loss of some of our present customers to our competitors. the loss of one or more of our significant customers or deterioration in our relations with any of them could significantly affect our financial condition, operating results and cash flows. furthermore, our customers are not required to purchase any minimum amount of products from us. the contracts into which we have entered with most of our professional customers typically provide that we supply particular products or services for a certain period of time when and if ordered by the customer. should our customers purchase our products in significantly lower quantities than they have in the past, such decreased purchases could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, operating results and cash flows.
product shortages, loss of key suppliers, and our dependence on third-party suppliers and manufacturers could affect our financial health.
our ability to offer a wide variety of products to our customers is dependent upon our ability to obtain adequate product supply from manufacturers and other suppliers. generally, our products are obtainable from various sources and in sufficient quantities. however, as noted above, the covid-19 pandemic has recently caused significant disruptions and delays in the manufacture and distribution of building products throughout the industry supply chain, resulting in shortages and shipping delays of several categories of building products, including windows and lumber. the loss of, or an ongoing substantial decrease in the availability of products from our suppliers or the loss of key supplier arrangements could adversely impact our financial condition, operating results, and cash flows.
14
although in many instances we have agreements with our suppliers, these agreements are generally terminable by either party on limited notice. failure by our suppliers to continue to supply us with products on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, could put pressure on our operating margins or have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, operating results and cash flows. short-term changes in the cost of these materials, some of which are subject to significant fluctuations, are oftentimes, but not always passed on to our customers. our delayed ability to pass on material price increases to our customers could adversely impact our financial condition, operating results and cash flows.
failure to attract and retain our key employees and the impact of our recent leadership changes may adversely impact our ability to successfully execute our business strategies.
our success depends in part on our ability to attract, hire, train and retain qualified managerial, operational, sales and other personnel. we face significant competition for these types of employees in our industry and from other industries. we may be unsuccessful in attracting and retaining the personnel we require to conduct and expand our operations successfully. in addition, key personnel may leave us and compete against us. our success also depends to a significant extent on the continued service of our senior management team. we may be unsuccessful in replacing key managers who either resign or retire. the loss of any member of our senior management team or other experienced senior employees could impair our ability to execute our business plan, cause us to lose customers and reduce our net sales, or lead to employee morale problems and/or the loss of other key employees. in any such event, our financial condition, operating results and cash flows could be adversely affected.
furthermore, business combinations such as the bmc merger increase the risk of employee retention and we may not be successful in retaining the talents and dedication of the professionals previously separately employed by us and bmc. it is possible that these employees may decide not to remain with us. if key employees terminate their employment, or if an insufficient number of employees are retained to maintain effective operations, our business activities may be adversely affected and management's attention may be diverted from successfully integrating the operations of bmc into our existing operations to hiring suitable replacements, all of which may have an adverse impact on our business and results of operations. we also underwent significant leadership changes in connection with the bmc merger. any significant leadership changes involve inherent risk and any failure to ensure the effective transfer of knowledge and a smooth transition could hinder our strategic planning, execution and future performance.
we may be adversely affected by any disruption in our respective information technology systems.
our operations are dependent upon our information technology systems, which encompass all of our major business functions. our primary erp system is a proprietary system that has been highly customized by our computer programmers. our centralized financial reporting system currently draws data from our erp systems. we rely upon our information technology systems to run critical accounting and financial information systems, process receivables, manage and replenish inventory, fill and ship customer orders on a timely basis, and coordinate our sales activities across all products and services. a substantial disruption in our information technology systems for any prolonged time period could result in problems and delays in generating critical financial and operational information, processing receivables, receiving inventory and supplies and filling customer orders. these disruptions could adversely affect our operating results as well as our customer service and relationships. our systems, or those of our significant customers or suppliers, might be damaged or interrupted by natural or man-made events or by computer viruses, physical or electronic break-ins, or similar disruptions affecting the global internet. in addition, we rely on a number of third-party service providers to execute certain business processes and maintain certain information technology systems and infrastructure, and any breach of security or disruption in their systems could impair our ability to operate effectively. such disruptions, delays, problems, or associated costs relating to our systems or those of our significant customers, suppliers or third-party providers could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, operating results and cash flows.
we are subject to cybersecurity risks and expect to incur increasing costs in an effort to minimize those risks.
our business employs systems that allow for the secure storage and transmission of customers', vendors' and employees' proprietary information. security breaches could expose us to a risk of loss or misuse of this information, litigation and potential liability. we may not have the resources or technical sophistication to anticipate or prevent rapidly evolving types of cyber-attacks. any compromise of our security could result in a violation of applicable privacy and other laws, significant legal and financial exposure, damage to our reputation and a loss of confidence in our security measures, which could harm our business. the regulatory environment related to information security and privacy is increasingly rigorous, with new and constantly changing requirements applicable to our business, and compliance with those requirements could result in additional costs. our computer systems have been, and will likely continue to be, subjected to computer viruses or other malicious codes, unauthorized access attempts and cyber- or phishing-attacks. these events could compromise ours' and our customers' and suppliers' confidential information, impede or interrupt our business operations, and could result in other negative consequences, including remediation costs, loss of revenue, litigation and reputational damage. while we have not experienced any material losses relating to cyber-attacks or other information security breaches to date, we have been the subject of attempted hacking and cyber-attacks and there can be no assurance that we will
15
not suffer such significant losses in the future. as cyber-attacks become more sophisticated, we expect to incur increasing costs to strengthen our systems from outside intrusions. while we have implemented administrative and technical controls and have taken other preventive actions to reduce the risk of cyber incidents and protect our information technology, they may be insufficient to prevent physical and electronic break-ins, cyber-attacks or other security breaches to our computer systems.
some company employees are unionized.
less than 2% of the workforce at our company are members of 12 different unions. there can be no assurance that additional employees of our company will not conduct union organization campaigns or become union members in the future. further, many of our collective bargaining agreements are scheduled to be renewed within the next 18 months. failure to successfully renew such agreements could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, operating results and cash flows.
changes in our customer or product sales mix affect our operating results.
our operating results vary according to the amount and type of products we sell to each of our primary customer types: single-family homebuilders, remodeling contractors, and multi-family, commercial and other contractors. we tend to realize higher gross margins on sales to remodeling contractors due to the smaller product volumes purchased by those customers, as well as the more customized nature of the projects those customers generally undertake. gross margins on sales to single-family, multi-family, commercial and other contractors vary based on a variety of factors, including the purchase volumes of the individual customer, the mix of products sold to that customer, the cost to serve that customer, the size and selling price of the project being constructed and the number of upgrades added to the project before or during its construction.
we generate significant business from the large single-family homebuilders; however, our gross margins on sales to them tend to be lower than our gross margins on sales to other market segments. a shift in our sales mix towards the larger homebuilders could negatively impact our gross margins.
in addition, we typically realize higher gross margins on more highly engineered and customized products, or ancillary products that are often purchased based on convenience and are therefore less price sensitive to our customers. for example, sales of lumber and lumber sheet goods tend to generate lower gross margins due to their commodity nature and the relatively low switching costs of sourcing those products from different suppliers. structural components and millwork, doors and windows often generate higher gross margins relative to other products. a shift in our sales mix towards the lumber and lumber sheet goods product category could negatively impact our gross margins.
the implementation of our supply chain and technology initiatives could disrupt our operations, and these initiatives might not provide the anticipated benefits or might fail.
we have made, and we plan to continue to make, significant investments in our supply chain and technology. these initiatives are designed to streamline our operations to allow our employees to continue to provide high quality service to our customers, while simplifying customer interaction and providing our customers with a more interconnected purchasing experience. the cost and potential problems and interruptions associated with the implementation of these initiatives, including those associated with managing third-party service providers and employing new web-based tools and services, could disrupt or reduce the efficiency of our operations. in the event that we continue to grow, there can be no assurance that we will be able to keep up, expand or adapt our it infrastructure to meet evolving demand on a timely basis and at a commercially reasonable cost, or at all. in addition, our improved supply chain and new or upgraded technology might not provide the anticipated benefits, it might take longer than expected to realize the anticipated benefits or the initiatives might fail altogether.
furthermore, our customers are continuing to increasingly demand and rely on increased technology in their operations. we anticipate digitization trends in the home-building industry to continue. while we believe such trends present opportunities for our business, we may be unsuccessful in keeping pace with the development of such technologies, which could result in loss of customers.
we occupy most of our facilities under long-term non-cancelable leases. we may be unable to renew leases at the end of their terms. if we close a facility, we are still obligated under the applicable lease.
most of our facilities are leased. many of our leases are non-cancelable, typically have initial expiration terms ranging from five to 15 years and most provide options to renew for specified periods of time. we believe that leases we enter into in the future will likely be for similar terms (five to 15 years), will be non-cancelable and will feature similar renewal options. if we close or idle a facility we would remain committed to perform our obligations under the applicable lease, which would include, among other things, payment of the base rent, insurance, taxes and other expenses on the leased property for the balance of the lease term. we have closed
16
or idled a number of facilities for which we continue to remain liable. our obligation to continue making rental payments with respect to leases for closed or idled facilities could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. at the end of a lease term, for those locations where we have no renewal options remaining, we may be unable to renew the lease without additional cost, if at all. if we are unable to renew our facility leases, we may close or, if possible, relocate the facility, which could subject us to additional costs and risks which could have a material adverse effect on our business. additionally, the revenue and profit generated at a relocated facility may not equal the revenue and profit generated at the former operation.
bmc merger risks we may not be able to retain customers or suppliers, or customers or suppliers may seek to modify contractual obligations with us, which could have an adverse effect on our business and operations.
if any of our customers or suppliers seeks to terminate or modify contractual or other obligations or discontinue its relationship with us as a result of the bmc merger, then our business and results of operations may be harmed. there can be no guarantee that our customers and suppliers will remain or continue to have a relationship with us or do so on the same or similar contractual terms to those they had with either us or bmc prior to the bmc merger. if any of our suppliers seeks to terminate or modify its relationship with us, we may be unable to procure necessary supplies from other suppliers in a timely and efficient manner and on acceptable terms, or at all. any such disruptions could limit our ability to achieve the anticipated benefits of the bmc merger.
integrating the business of bmc into our existing business may be more difficult, costly or time-consuming than expected, and we may fail to realize the anticipated benefits of the bmc merger, which may adversely affect our business results and negatively affect the value of our common stock following the bmc merger.
the success of the bmc merger will depend on, among other things, our ability to integrate the business of bmc into our existing business in a manner that facilitates growth opportunities and realizes cost savings. our goal is to achieve the anticipated growth and cost savings without adversely affecting current revenues and investments in future growth. actual growth and cost savings, if achieved, however, may be lower than what we expect and may take longer to achieve than anticipated, which could have an adverse effect on our revenues, level of expenses and operating results.
in addition, integrating the business of bmc into our existing business may result in additional and unforeseen expenses, and the anticipated benefits of our integration plan may not be realized. if we are not able to adequately address integration challenges, we may be unable to realize the anticipated benefits of the integration of bmc's operations into our existing business. if we are not able to successfully achieve these objectives, the anticipated benefits of the bmc merger may not be realized fully, or at all, or may take longer to realize than expected. an inability to realize the full extent of the anticipated benefits of the bmc merger, as well as any delays encountered in the integration process, could have an adverse effect upon our revenues, level of expenses and operating results, which may adversely affect the value of our common stock.
the failure to successfully integrate the businesses and operations of the company and bmc in the expected time frame may adversely affect the combined company's future results.
there can be no assurance that bmc's operations can be integrated successfully into our existing operations. it is possible that the integration process could result in the loss of key employees, the loss of customers, the disruption of our ongoing business, inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies, unexpected integration issues, higher than expected integration costs and an overall post-completion integration process that takes longer than originally anticipated. specifically, the following issues, among others, must be addressed in integrating the operations of bmc into the company's existing operations in order to realize the anticipated benefits of the bmc merger:
•   managing a larger company and meeting our capital requirements;

•   integrating personnel from the two companies and maintaining employee morale;

•   integrating the companies' technologies;

•   integrating and unifying the offerings and services available to customers;

•   identifying and eliminating redundant and underperforming locations, functions and assets;

•   harmonizing the companies' operating practices, employee development and compensation programs, internal controls and other policies, procedures and processes;

17
•   maintaining or renegotiating agreements with existing customers, distributors, providers and vendors and avoiding delays in entering into new agreements with prospective customers, distributors, providers and vendors;

•   addressing possible differences in business backgrounds, corporate cultures and management philosophies;

•   consolidating the companies' administrative and information technology infrastructure, including multiple erp systems;

•   coordinating distribution and marketing efforts;

•   managing the movement of certain positions to different locations;

•   coordinating geographically dispersed organizations; and

•   effecting actions that may be required in connection with obtaining regulatory approvals.

in addition, at times the attention and resources of certain members of management may be focused on the integration of bmc's operations into our existing operations and therefore diverted from day-to-day business operations or other opportunities that may be beneficial the company, which may disrupt our business.
furthermore, our board of directors and executive leadership currently consists of certain directors and executive officers who served and were employed by bmc immediately prior to the bmc merger. integrating the boards of directors and management teams of bmc and the company into a single board and a single management team could require the reconciliation of differing priorities and philosophies.
we will incur significant integration costs in connection with the bmc merger.
we have incurred and expect to incur a number of non-recurring costs associated with combining the operations of bmc into our existing operations. these costs and expenses include fees paid to financial, legal and accounting advisors, facilities and systems consolidation costs, severance and other potential employment-related costs, and other related charges. there are also a large number of processes, policies, procedures, operations, technologies and systems that must be integrated as part of integrating bmc's operations into our existing operations. while we anticipated that a certain level of expenses would be incurred in connection with the bmc merger, there are many factors beyond our control that could affect the total amount or the timing of the integration and implementation expenses.
there may also be additional unanticipated significant costs in connection with the bmc merger that we may not recoup. these costs and expenses could reduce the realization of efficiencies, strategic benefits and additional income we expect to achieve from the bmc merger. although we expect that these benefits will offset the transaction expenses and implementation costs over time, this net benefit may not be achieved in the near term or at all.
financial and liquidity risks our level of indebtedness could adversely affect our ability to raise additional capital to fund our operations, limit our ability to react to changes in the economy or our industry, and prevent us from meeting our obligations under our debt instruments.
as of december 31, 2020, our debt totaled $1,642.4 million, which includes $239.9 million of finance lease and other finance obligations. as of december 31, 2020, we also had a $900.0 million revolving credit facility ("2023 facility"), which was amended on january 29, 2021 and increased to $1,400 million. we had $75.0 million of outstanding borrowings and $78.0 million of letters of credit outstanding as of december 31, 2020 under the 2023 facility. in addition, we also have $280.9 million in obligations under operating leases.
our level of indebtedness could have important consequences to us, including:
•   increasing our vulnerability to general economic and industry conditions;

•   requiring a substantial portion of our operating cash flow to be dedicated to the payment of principal and interest on our indebtedness, therefore reducing our liquidity and our ability to use our cash flow to fund our operations, capital expenditures, and future business opportunities;

•   exposing us to the risk of increased interest rates, and corresponding increased interest expense, because borrowings under the 2023 facility are at variable rates of interest;

18
•   limiting our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, debt service requirements, acquisitions, and general corporate or other purposes;

•   limiting our ability to adjust to changing marketplace conditions and placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors who may have less debt; and

•   limiting our attractiveness as an investment opportunity for potential investors.

in addition, our debt instruments contain cross-default provisions that could result in our debt being declared immediately due and payable under a number of debt instruments, even if we default on only one debt instrument. in such event, it is possible that we would not be able to satisfy our obligations under all of such accelerated indebtedness simultaneously.
our financial condition and operating performance, including that of our subsidiaries, are also subject to prevailing economic and competitive conditions and to certain financial, business and other factors beyond our control. there are no assurances that we will maintain a level of liquidity sufficient to permit us to pay the principal, premium and interest on our indebtedness.
if our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to fund our debt service obligations, we may be forced to reduce or delay capital expenditures, sell assets, seek additional capital, or restructure or refinance our indebtedness. these alternative measures may not be successful and may not permit us to meet our scheduled debt service obligations. in the absence of such operating results and resources, we could face substantial liquidity problems and might be required to dispose of material assets or operations in an effort to meet our debt service and other obligations. the agreements governing our debt instruments restrict our ability to dispose of assets and to use the proceeds from such dispositions. we may not be able to consummate those dispositions or be able to obtain the proceeds that we could realize from them, and these proceeds may not be adequate to meet any debt service obligations then due.
we may have future capital needs and may not be able to obtain additional financing on acceptable terms.
we are substantially reliant on cash on hand and borrowing availability under the 2023 facility, which totaled $1,170.8 million at december 31, 2020, to provide working capital and fund our operations. our working capital requirements are likely to grow assuming the housing industry continues to grow. our inability to renew, amend or replace our debt instruments when required or when business conditions warrant could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
economic and credit market conditions, the performance of our industry, and our financial performance, as well as other factors, may constrain our financing abilities. our ability to secure additional financing, if available, and to satisfy our financial obligations under indebtedness outstanding from time to time will depend upon our future operating performance, the availability of credit, economic conditions and financial, business and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. significant worsening of current housing market conditions or the macroeconomic factors that affect our industry could require us to seek additional capital and have a material adverse effect on our ability to secure such capital on favorable terms, if at all.
we may be unable to secure additional financing, financing on favorable terms or our operating cash flow may be insufficient to satisfy our financial obligations under indebtedness outstanding from time to time. the agreements governing our debt instruments, moreover, restrict the amount of permitted indebtedness allowed. in addition, if financing is not available when needed, or is available on unfavorable terms, we may be unable to take advantage of business opportunities, including potential acquisitions, or respond to competitive pressures, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. if additional funds are raised through the issuance of additional equity or convertible debt securities, our stockholders may experience significant dilution.
we may incur additional indebtedness.
we may incur additional indebtedness in the future, including collateralized debt, subject to the restrictions contained in the agreements governing our debt instruments. if new debt is added to our current debt levels, the related risks that we now face could intensify.
19
our debt instruments contain various covenants that limit our ability to operate our business.
our financing arrangements, including the agreements governing our debt instruments, contain various provisions that limit our ability to, among other things:
•   transfer or sell assets, including the equity interests of our restricted subsidiaries, or use asset sale proceeds;

•   incur additional debt;

•   pay dividends or distributions on our capital stock or repurchase our capital stock;

•   make certain restricted payments or investments;

•   create liens to secure debt;

•   enter into transactions with affiliates;

•   merge or consolidate with another company or continue to receive the benefits of these financing arrangements under a "change in control" scenario (as defined in those agreements); and

•   engage in unrelated business activities.

the agreement governing the 2023 facility contains a financial covenant requiring the satisfaction of a minimum fixed charge ratio of 1.00 to 1.00 if our excess availability falls below the greater of $80.0 million or 10% of the maximum borrowing amount, which was $90.0 million as of december 31, 2020.
these provisions may restrict our ability to expand or fully pursue our business strategies. our ability to comply with the agreements governing our debt instruments may be affected by changes in our operating and financial performance, changes in general business and economic conditions, adverse regulatory developments, a change in control or other events beyond our control. the breach of any of these provisions could result in a default under our indebtedness, which could cause those and other obligations to become due and payable. if any of our indebtedness is accelerated, we may not be able to repay it.
our variable rate indebtedness subjects us to interest rate risk, which could cause our indebtedness service obligations to increase significantly.
interest rates may increase in the future. as a result, interest rates on our 2023 facility could be higher or lower than current levels.  as of december 31, 2020, we had approximately $75.0 million, or 4.6%, of our outstanding debt at variable interest rates.  if interest rates increase, our debt service obligations on the variable rate indebtedness would increase even though the amount borrowed remained the same, and our net income and cash flows, including cash available for servicing our indebtedness, would correspondingly decrease. further, an increase in interest rates could also trigger a limitation on the deductibility of those interest costs, increasing our tax expense and further decreasing our net income and cash flows. in recent years, the company has executed several debt transactions designed to reduce debt, extend maturities or lower our interest rates. the company is likely to execute similar debt transactions in the future. however, there can be no assurance that we will be successful in anticipating the direction of interest rates or changes in market conditions, which could result in future debt transactions having a material adverse impact on our financial condition, operating results and cash flows.
a 1.0% increase in interest rates on the 2023 facility would result in approximately $0.8 million in additional interest expense annually as we had $75.0 million in outstanding borrowings as of december 31, 2020. the 2023 facility also assesses variable commitment and outstanding letter of credit fees based on quarterly average loan utilization.
if the housing market declines, we may be required to take impairment charges relating to our operations or temporarily idle or permanently close under-performing locations.
if conditions in the housing industry deteriorate we may need to take goodwill and/or asset impairment charges relating to certain of our reporting units. any such non-cash charges would have an adverse effect on our financial results. in addition, in response to industry conditions, we may have to temporarily idle or permanently close certain facilities in under-performing regions. any such facility closures could have a significant adverse effect on our financial condition, operating results and cash flows.
we do not have any current plan to pay dividends on our common stock, and as a result, your ability to achieve a return on your investment in our common stock may be limited to any increases in the price of our common stock.
we anticipate that we will retain future earnings and other cash resources for the future operation and development of our business, including potential debt reduction. accordingly, we do not expect to declare or pay regular cash dividends on our common
20
stock in the near future. our board of directors may approve the payment of future dividends after taking into account many factors, including our operating results, financial condition, current and anticipated cash needs, plans for expansion, and any restrictions on the payment of such dividends by the terms of our outstanding indebtedness.
our inability to effectively deploy our excess capital may negatively affect return on equity and stockholder value.
our business plan calls for us to execute a variety of strategies to deploy excess capital including, but not limited to, continued organic balance sheet growth and the consideration of potential acquisition opportunities to further deploy our excess capital when we expect such opportunities to significantly enhance long-term stockholder value. we may also implement share repurchase plans. our inability to effectively and timely deploy our excess capital through these strategies may constrain growth in earnings and return on equity and thereby diminish potential growth in stockholder value.
legal and compliance risks the nature of our business exposes us to product liability, product warranty, casualty, construction defect, asbestos, vehicle and other claims and legal proceedings.
we are involved in product liability, product warranty, casualty, construction defect, asbestos, vehicle and other claims relating to the products we manufacture and distribute, and services we provide or have provided that, if adversely determined, could adversely affect our financial condition, operating results, and cash flows. we rely on manufacturers and other suppliers to provide us with many of the products we sell and distribute. because we have no direct control over the quality of such products manufactured or supplied by such third-party suppliers, we are exposed to risks relating to the quality of such products. the company has a number of known and threatened construction defect legal claims. we are also involved in several asbestos personal injury suits due to the alleged sale of asbestos-containing products by legacy businesses that we acquired.  in addition, we are exposed to potential claims arising from the conduct of our respective employees and subcontractors, and builders and their subcontractors, for which we may be contractually liable. although we currently maintain what we believe to be suitable and adequate insurance in excess of our self-insured amounts, there can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain such insurance on acceptable terms or that such insurance will provide adequate protection against potential liabilities. product liability, product warranty, casualty, construction defect, asbestos, vehicle, and other claims can be expensive to defend and can divert the attention of management and other personnel for significant periods, regardless of the ultimate outcome. claims of this nature could also have a negative impact on customer confidence in our products and our company. in addition, we are involved on an ongoing basis in other types of legal proceedings, such as workers' compensation proceedings. we cannot assure you that any current or future claims against us will not adversely affect our financial condition, operating results and cash flows.
federal, state, local and other regulations could impose substantial costs and/or restrictions on our operations that would reduce our net income.
we are subject to various federal, state, local and other regulations, including, among other things, regulations promulgated by the department of transportation and applicable to our fleet of delivery trucks, work safety regulations promulgated by the department of labor's occupational safety and health administration, employment regulations promulgated by the united states equal employment opportunity commission, tariff regulations on imported products promulgated by the federal government, accounting standards issued by the financial accounting standards board ("fasb") or similar entities, state and local regulations relating to our escrow business, and state and local zoning restrictions and building codes. more burdensome regulatory requirements in these or other areas may increase our general and administrative costs and adversely affect our financial condition, operating results and cash flows. moreover, failure to comply with the regulatory requirements applicable to our business could expose us to substantial penalties that could adversely affect our financial condition, operating results and cash flows.
future changes to tax laws and regulations could have an adverse impact on our business.
we are subject to income and other taxes in the united states. we are subject to ongoing tax audits in various jurisdictions. we regularly assess the likely outcome of these audits in order to determine the appropriateness of our tax provision. however, there can be no assurance that we will accurately predict the outcome of these audits, and the amounts ultimately paid upon resolution of audits could be materially different from the amounts previously included in our income tax expense and therefore could have a material impact on our tax provision, net income and cash flows. in addition, our effective tax rate in the future could be adversely affected by changes to our operating structure, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, changes in tax laws, and the discovery of new information in the course of our tax return preparation.
21
for example, on december 22, 2017, legislation commonly referred to as the tax cuts and jobs act ("the 2017 tax act") substantially changed several aspects of the internal revenue code, some of which may have an adverse impact on our business over time. certain aspects of the 2017 tax act, including limitations on deductions for property taxes, mortgage interest and state and local income taxes, may make purchasing a home less attractive, which could reduce demand for homes and have an adverse impact on our business. further, any future changes in federal and state tax laws and regulations could have an adverse impact on our financial condition, operating results and cash flows.
we are subject to potential exposure to environmental liabilities and are subject to environmental regulation.
we are subject to various federal, state and local environmental laws, ordinances and regulations. although we believe that our facilities are in material compliance with such laws, ordinances, and regulations, as owners and lessees of real property, we can be held liable for the investigation or remediation of contamination on such properties, in some circumstances, without regard to whether we knew of or were responsible for such contamination. no assurance can be provided that remediation may not be required in the future as a result of spills or releases of petroleum products or hazardous substances, the discovery of unknown environmental conditions, more stringent standards regarding existing residual contamination, or changes in legislation, laws, rules or regulations. more burdensome environmental regulatory requirements may increase our general and administrative costs and adversely affect our financial condition, operating results and cash flows.
general risks we may be adversely affected by uncertainty in the economy and financial markets, including as a result of terrorism, unrest, or pandemics.
instability in the economy and financial markets, including as a result of terrorism, unrest or pandemics, including covid-19, may result in a decrease in housing starts, which would adversely affect our business. in addition, such adverse developments, may cause unpredictable or unfavorable economic conditions and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, operating results, and cash flows. any shortages of fuel or significant fuel cost increases related to geopolitical conditions, or other factors, could seriously disrupt our ability to distribute products to our customers. in addition, domestic terrorist attacks, civil unrest and outbreaks of disease may affect our ability to keep our operations and services functioning properly and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, operating results and cash flows.
we may be adversely affected by any natural or man-made disruptions to our operations and our distribution and manufacturing facilities.
we currently maintain a broad network of distribution and manufacturing facilities throughout the u.s. any widespread disruption to our operations resulting from fire, earthquake, weather-related events (such as tornadoes, hurricanes, flooding and other storms), other natural disasters, an act of terrorism or any other cause could damage multiple facilities and a significant portion of our inventory and could materially impair our ability to distribute our products to customers. moreover, we could incur significantly higher costs and longer lead times associated with distributing our products to our customers during the time that it takes for us to reopen or replace a damaged facility. if any of these events were to occur, our financial condition, operating results and cash flows could be materially adversely affected.
in addition, general weather patterns affect our operating results throughout the year, with adverse weather historically reducing construction activity in the first and fourth quarters in the regions in which we primarily operate. adverse weather events, natural disasters or similar events, including as a result of climate change, could generally reduce or delay construction activity, which could adversely impact our financial condition, operating results and cash flows.
the price of our common stock is volatile and may decline.
the market price of our common stock historically has experienced and may continue to experience significant price fluctuations similar to those experienced by the broader stock market in recent years. for example, between january 1, 2020 and december 31, 2020, the closing price of our common stock on the nasdaq ranged from $10.65 to $42.28 per share. in addition, the price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly in response to various factors, including:
•   actual or anticipated fluctuations in our results of operations;

•   announcements by us or our competitors of significant business developments, changes in customer relationships, acquisitions, or expansion plans;

22
•   changes in the prices of products we sell;

•   involvement in litigation;

•   our sale of common stock or other securities in the future;

•   market conditions in our industry;

•   changes in key personnel;

•   changes in market valuation or earnings of our competitors;

•   the trading volume of our common stock;

•   changes in the estimation of the future size and growth rate of our markets; and

•   general economic and market conditions.

broad market and industry factors may materially harm the market price of our common stock, regardless of our operating performance. in the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a company's securities, securities class action litigation has often been instituted against that company.
if we were involved in any similar litigation we could incur substantial costs and our management's attention and resources could be diverted, which could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. as a result, it may be difficult for you to resell your shares of common stock in the future.
the issuance or conversion of awards under our stock incentive plans could adversely affect the market price of our common stock.
the conversion of restricted stock units under our stock incentive plans could adversely affect the prevailing market price of our common stock and could cause the market price of our common stock to remain low for a substantial time. additional stock grants may also be made under our incentive plans, including our 2014 incentive plan, as it may be amended. the potential for future stock grants could have a negative effect on the market for our common stock and our ability to raise additional capital.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the selected financial data and the consolidated financial statements and related notes contained in item 6. selected financial data and item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this annual report on form 10-k, respectively. see "risk factors" contained in item 1a. risk factors of this annual report on form 10-k and "cautionary statement" contained in item 1. business of this annual report on form 10-k for a discussion of the uncertainties, risks and assumptions associated with these statements.
overview we are a leading supplier and manufacturer of building materials, manufactured components and construction services to professional contractors, sub-contractors and consumers. following the bmc merger, the company operates approximately 550 locations in 40 states across the united states. given the span and depth of our geographical reach, prior to the bmc merger our locations were organized into nine geographical regions (regions 1 through 9), which were also our operating segments, and these were further aggregated into four reportable segments: northeast, southeast, south and west. following the bmc merger, we will re-evaluate our operating and reportable segments for future reporting periods. all of our segments have similar customers, products and services, and distribution methods. our financial statements contain additional information regarding segment performance which is discussed in note 15 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
we offer an integrated solution to our customers providing manufacturing, supply and installation of a full range of structural and related building products. our manufactured products include our factory-built roof and floor trusses, wall panels and stairs, vinyl windows, custom millwork and trim, as well as engineered wood that we design, cut, and assemble for each home. we also assemble interior and exterior doors into pre-hung units. additionally, we supply our customers with a broad offering of professional grade building products not manufactured by us, such as dimensional lumber and lumber sheet goods and various window, door and millwork lines. our full range of construction-related services includes professional installation, turn-key framing and shell construction, and spans all our product categories.
we group our building products into six product categories:
•   lumber &amp; lumber sheet goods. lumber &amp; lumber sheet goods include dimensional lumber, plywood, and osb products used in on-site house framing.

•   manufactured products. manufactured products consist of wood floor and roof trusses, steel roof trusses, wall panels, stairs, and engineered wood.

•   windows, door &amp; millwork. windows &amp; doors are comprised of the manufacturing, assembly, and distribution of windows and the assembly and distribution of interior and exterior door units. millwork includes interior trim and custom features that we manufacture under the synboard ® brand name.

•   gypsum, roofing &amp; insulation. gypsum, roofing, &amp; insulation include wallboard, ceilings, joint treatment and finishes.

•   siding, metal, and concrete. siding, metal, and concrete includes vinyl, composite, and wood siding, exterior trim, other exteriors, metal studs and cement.

•   other building products &amp; services. other building products &amp; services are comprised of products such as cabinets and hardware as well as services such as turn-key framing, shell construction, design assistance, and professional installation spanning the majority of our product categories.

our operating results are dependent on the following trends, strategies, events and uncertainties, some of which are beyond our control:
•   homebuilding industry and market competition. our business is driven primarily by the residential new construction market and the residential repair and remodel market, which are in turn dependent upon a number of factors, including demographic trends, interest rates, consumer confidence, employment rates, housing affordability, household formation, land development costs, the availability of skilled construction labor, and the health of the economy and mortgage markets. according to the u.s. census bureau, annual u.s. total and single-family housing starts were 1.4 million and 1.0 million, respectively, in 2020. due to increased competition for homebuilder business and cyclical fluctuations in commodity prices, we may experience pressure on our gross margins. in addition to these factors, there has been a trend of consolidation within the building products supply industry. however, our industry remains highly fragmented and competitive and we will continue to face significant competition from local and regional suppliers. we believe there are several meaningful trends that indicate u.s. housing demand will continue to grow, including historically low interest rates, the aging of housing stock, and normal population growth due to immigration and birthrate exceeding death rate. building upon the current rate of market growth, industry forecasters, including the national association of homebuilders ("nahb"), expect to see continued increases in housing demand over the next year.

27
•   effect of covid-19 pandemic. in march of 2020, the u.s. economy began to see significant disruption, uncertainty and record high levels of unemployment as a result of the covid-19 pandemic. while the covid-19 pandemic did not have a materially adverse impact on our financial results in 2020, the extent and duration of any future impact resulting from the pandemic is not fully known, and we may experience a decline in housing starts, reduced sales demand, volatility in commodity prices, challenges in the supply chain, increased margin pressures and/or increased operating costs as a result.

•   targeting large production homebuilders. in recent years, the homebuilding industry has undergone consolidation, and the larger homebuilders have increased their market share. we expect that trend to continue as larger homebuilders have better liquidity and land positions relative to the smaller, less capitalized homebuilders. our focus is on maintaining relationships and market share with these customers while balancing the competitive pressures we are facing in servicing large homebuilders with certain profitability expectations. additionally, we have been successful in expanding our custom homebuilder base while maintaining acceptable credit standards.

•   repair and remodel end market. although the repair and remodel end market is influenced by housing starts to a lesser degree than the homebuilding market, the repair and remodel end market is still dependent upon some of the same factors as the homebuilding market, including demographic trends, interest rates, consumer confidence, employment rates and the health of the economy and home financing markets. the repair and remodel end market has been impacted by the covid-19 pandemic and while the extent of this impact and related uncertainties are yet to be fully known, we may experience reduced sales demand, increased margin pressures and/or increased operating costs in this area of our business as a result. we expect that our ability to remain competitive in this space will depend on our continued ability to provide a high level of customer service coupled with a broad product offering.

•   use of prefabricated components. homebuilders are increasingly using prefabricated components in order to realize increased efficiency, overcome skilled construction labor shortages and improve quality. shortening cycle time from start to completion is a key imperative of the homebuilders during periods of strong consumer demand. we continue to see the demand for prefabricated components increasing within the residential new construction market as the availability of skilled construction labor remains limited.

•   economic conditions. economic changes both nationally and locally in our markets impact our financial performance. the building products supply industry is highly dependent upon new home construction and subject to cyclical market changes. our operations are subject to fluctuations arising from changes in supply and demand, national and local economic conditions, labor costs and availability, competition, government regulation, trade policies and other factors that affect the homebuilding industry such as demographic trends, interest rates, housing starts, the high cost of land development, employment levels, consumer confidence, and the availability of credit to homebuilders, contractors, and homeowners. the disruptions and uncertainties as a result of the ensuing covid-19 pandemic may have a significant impact on our future operating results.

•   housing affordability. the affordability of housing can be a key driver in demand for our products. home affordability is influenced by a number of economic factors, such as the level of employment, consumer confidence, consumer income, supply of houses, the availability of financing and interest rates. changes in the inventory of available homes as well as economic factors relative to home prices could result in changes to the affordability of homes. as a result, homebuyer demand may shift towards smaller, or larger, homes creating fluctuations in demand for our products.

•   cost of materials. prices of wood products, which are subject to cyclical market fluctuations, may adversely impact operating income when prices rapidly rise or fall within a relatively short period of time. we purchase certain materials, including lumber products, which are then sold to customers as well as used as direct production inputs for our manufactured and prefabricated products. short-term changes in the cost of these materials, some of which are subject to significant fluctuations, are oftentimes passed on to our customers, but our pricing quotation periods and market competition may limit our ability to pass on such price changes. we may also be limited in our ability to pass on increases on in-bound freight costs on our products. our inability to pass on material price increases to our customers could adversely impact our operating results.

•   controlling expenses. another important aspect of our strategy is controlling costs and striving to be a low-cost building materials supplier in the markets we serve. we pay close attention to managing our working capital and operating expenses. further, we pay careful attention to our logistics function and its effect on our shipping and handling costs.

•   multi-family and light commercial business. our primary focus has been, and continues to be, on single-family residential new construction and the repair and remodel end market. however, we will continue to identify opportunities for profitable growth in the multi-family and light commercial markets.

28
•   capital structure. as a result of our historical growth through acquisitions, we had $1,642.4 million of indebtedness as of december 31, 2020. we strive to optimize our capital structure to ensure that our financial needs are met in light of economic conditions, business activities, organic investments, opportunities for growth through acquisition and the overall risk characteristics of our underlying assets. in addition to these factors, we also evaluate our capital structure on the basis of our leverage ratio, our liquidity position, our debt maturity profile and market interest rates. as such, we may enter into various debt or equity transactions in order to appropriately manage and optimize our capital structure and liquidity needs.

recent developments general on january 1, 2021, we completed our previously announced all stock merger transaction with bmc. the bmc merger will be accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting, and builders firstsource, inc. will be treated as the accounting acquirer. the operating results of bmc will be reported as part of the company beginning on the closing date of the bmc merger and as such, the historical financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the company presented in this annual report do not include bmc.
covid-19 pandemic the covid-19 pandemic resulted in significant disruption to the u.s. economy in 2020 and impacted our operations and those of our customers. despite experiencing disruptions to our operations and implementing a number of health and safety precautions as a result of the pandemic, our financial results and financial condition were not materially adversely affected by the pandemic. in most of the states in which we operate, construction was deemed an essential activity and, as a result, our operations faced limited temporary closures early on in the pandemic. furthermore, housing starts and repair and remodeling activity generally increased throughout our markets in 2020 despite the pandemic.
despite the limited impact of the covid-19 pandemic on our 2020 financial results, the extent to which the pandemic may impact our results in future periods is uncertain and will depend upon, among other things, the duration and severity of the outbreak or subsequent outbreaks, related government responses, such as required physical distancing or restrictions on business operations and travel, the pace of recovery of economic activity and the impact to consumers, the effectiveness of available vaccines, and any potential supply disruptions, all of which are uncertain and difficult to predict in light of the rapidly evolving landscape. refer to part i, item 1a. risk factors for a full discussion of the risks associated with the covid-19 pandemic.
business combinations on january 9, 2020, we acquired certain assets and operations of bianchi & company, inc. ("bianchi") for $15.9 million in cash. located in charlotte, north carolina, bianchi is a supplier and installer of interior and exterior millwork.
on november 2, 2020 we acquired certain assets and operations of kansas building supply company, inc. ("kbs") for $16.8 million in cash. located in overland park, kansas, kbs is a supplier for interior and exterior doors, windows, millwork cabinetry, and hardware.
these acquisitions are described in note 5 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
debt transactions during the year ended december 31, 2020, the company executed several debt transactions, including the redemption of $503.9 million in outstanding aggregate principal amount of 5.625% senior secured notes due 2024 ("2024 notes"), the redemption of $47.5 million in aggregate principal amount of 6.75% senior secured notes due 2027 ("2027 notes"), and repayment of $52.0 million of our senior secured term loan facility due 2024 ("2024 term loan"). the repayments of our 2024 notes and 2027 notes were funded with the proceeds of the issuance of $550.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 5.00% unsecured senior notes due 2030 ("2030 notes") and borrowings on our $900.0 million revolving credit facility ("2023 facility"). the repayment of our 2024 term loan was funded with cash on hand. the company also issued an additional $350.0 million in aggregate principal amount of our 2027 notes.
on january 29, 2021, the company amended the 2023 facility to, among other things, increase the total commitments by an aggregate amount of $500.0 million resulting in a new $1.4 billion amended credit facility, and extended the maturity date from november 2023 to january 2026.
29
on february 16, 2021, pursuant to the optional call feature in the 2027 indenture, the company gave notice that on march 3, 2021, $82.5 million of 2027 notes will be redeemed at a redemption price equal to 103% of the principal amount of the notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest.
these transactions are described in notes 9 and 18 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k. collectively, these transactions have extended our debt maturity. from time to time, based on market conditions and other factors and subject to compliance with applicable laws and regulations, the company may repurchase or call our notes, repay debt, repurchase shares of our common stock or otherwise enter into transactions regarding its capital structure.
retirement of president and chief executive officer in january 2020, mr. chad crow notified our board of his decision to retire as president and chief executive officer of the company during 2020 after assisting the board in hiring his replacement. mr. crow will continue to serve as the company's chief executive officer for a transition period of 90 days after the bmc merger, following which bmc's former chief executive officer, and the recently appointed president of the company, mr. dave flitman, will succeed mr. crow as chief executive officer of the company.
composition of the board of directors of the company as a result of the bmc merger, effective january 1, 2021, the size of the board of directors was increased to twelve directors, with seven directors designated by the company and five directors designated by bmc.
current operating conditions and outlook according to the u.s. census bureau, actual u.s. total housing starts for the year ended december 31, 2020 were 1.4 million, an increase of 7.0% compared to the year ended december 31, 2019. actual u.s. single-family housing starts for the year ended december 31, 2020 were 1.0 million, an increase of 11.7% compared to the year ended december 31 2019.  a composite of third party sources, including the nahb, are forecasting 1.5 million u.s. total housing starts and 1.1 million u.s. single-family housing starts for 2021, which are increases of 6.0% and 11.0%, respectively, from 2020. in addition, in its september 2020 semi-annual forecast, the home improvement research institute ("hiri") forecasted sales in the professional repair and remodel end market to increase approximately 5.3% in 2021 compared to 2020.
our net sales for the year ended december 31, 2020 increased 17.6% over the same period last year. commodity price inflation increased our net sales in 2020 by an estimated 9.0%, while acquisitions and one more selling day increased our sales by 2.5% and 0.5%, respectively. excluding the impact of commodity price inflation, acquisitions and the impact of one more selling day, we achieved 5.6% net sales growth in the single-family, multi-family and repair and remodel/other end markets. our gross margin percentage decreased by 1.2% during the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the year ended december 31, 2019, primarily attributable to margin pressures as a result of commodity price inflation. our selling, general and administrative expenses, as a percentage of net sales, were 19.6% in 2020, a 2.2% decrease from 21.8% in 2019, primarily driven by the effect of leverage from commodity price inflation in our net sales in the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the year ended december 31, 2019.
we believe the long-term outlook for the housing industry is positive due to growth in the underlying demographics compared to historical new construction levels. we feel we are well-positioned to take advantage of the construction activity in our markets and to increase our market share, which may include strategic acquisitions. we will continue to focus on working capital by closely monitoring the credit exposure of our customers, remaining focused on maintaining the right level of inventory and by working with our vendors to improve payment terms and pricing on our products. we strive to achieve the appropriate balance of short-term expense control while maintaining the expertise and capacity to grow the business as market conditions continue to improve. in addition, optimization of our capital structure will continue to be a key area of focus for the company.
results of operations a discussion regarding our financial condition and results of operations for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the year ended december 31, 2019 is presented below. a discussion regarding our financial condition and results of operations for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to the year ended december 31, 2018 can be found under item 7 of part ii of our annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2019, filed with the sec on february 21, 2020.
30
2020 compared with 2019
the following table sets forth the percentage relationship to net sales of certain costs, expenses and income items for the years ended december 31:
2020              2019

net sales                                            100.0   %         100.0   %
cost of sales                                         74.0   %          72.8   %
gross margin                                          26.0   %          27.2   %
selling, general and administrative expenses          19.6   %          21.8   %
income from operations                                 6.4   %           5.4   %
interest expense, net                                  1.6   %           1.5   %
income tax expense                                     1.1   %           0.8   %
net income                                             3.7   %           3.1   %
net sales. net sales for the year ended december 31, 2020 were $8,558.9 million, a 17.6% increase from net sales of $7,280.4 million for 2019. core organic growth increased net sales by 5.6%, commodity price inflation accounted for another 9.0% of the change, while acquisitions and one additional selling day accounted for 2.5% and 0.5%, respectively, of the increase. core organic growth came primarily from increased sales volume within our single-family end market.
the following table shows net sales classified by major product category for the years ended december 31, (dollars in millions):
2020                                          2019

net sales            % of sales               net sales            % of sales          % change lumber &amp; lumber sheet goods                   $3,076.4                  35.9   %            $2,251.6                  30.9   %          36.6    %
manufactured products                              1,640.5                  19.2   %             1,449.5                  19.9   %          13.2    %
windows, doors &amp; millwork                      1,629.2                  19.0   %             1,542.9                  21.2   %           5.6    %
gypsum, roofing &amp; insulation                     514.6                   6.0   %               528.6                   7.3   %          (2.6   )%
siding, metal &amp; concrete products                773.6                   9.0   %               712.6                   9.8   %           8.6    %
other building products &amp; services               924.6                  10.9   %               795.2                  10.9   %          16.3    %
total sales                                       $8,558.9                 100.0   %            $7,280.4                 100.0   %          17.6    %
we achieved increased net sales in all our product categories, except in the gypsum, roofing & insulation category, in part due to higher sales volumes in our single-family end market and as a result of our continued efforts to focus on higher margin opportunities through both acquisition targets and core organic growth, as well as the impact of commodity price inflation, primarily on the lumber & lumber sheet goods category, in the period.
gross margin. gross margin increased $245.8 million to $2,222.6 million. our gross margin percentage decreased to 26.0% in 2020 from 27.2% in 2019, a 1.2% decrease. the decrease was primarily attributable to the impact of commodity price inflation during the year ended december 31, 2020 relative to our short-term customer pricing commitments.
selling, general and administrative expenses. selling, general and administrative expenses increased $94.2 million, or 5.9%, and as a percentage of net sales decreased to 19.6% from 21.8% in 2019. this increase in selling, general and administrative expenses was primarily driven by higher variable compensation expense, professional service expense, and depreciation expense, which were partially offset by lower fuel costs, as well as lower travel and entertainment costs, resulting from changed behavior during the pandemic. we expect these variable costs to increase post pandemic. contributing to the decrease as a percentage of net sales was the effect of commodity price inflation on our net sales in the year ended december, 31 2020.
interest expense, net. interest expense was $135.7 million in 2020, an increase of $26.1 million from 2019. this increase in interest expense is primarily due to one-time charges of $29.4 million related to debt transactions executed in 2020, compared to one-time charges of $10.2 million related to debt transactions executed in 2019. adjusting for the one-time charges, interest expense increased for the year ended december 31, 2020 due to higher outstanding debt balance as compared to the year ended december 31, 2019, partially offset by the effect of lower interest rates.
income tax expense. we recorded income tax expense of $94.6 million during the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to income tax expense of $60.9 million during the year ended december 31, 2019, an increase of $33.7 million, primarily as a result of our higher profitability in 2020 compared to 2019. our effective tax rate was 23.2% for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to 21.6% for the year ended december 31, 2019.
31
results by reportable segment the following tables show net sales and income before income taxes by reportable segment excluding the "all other" caption as shown in note 15 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k (dollars in thousands):
year ended december 31,

net sales                                                                                          income before income taxes
% of net                                        % of net                                                            % of net                                       % of net
2020                                sales       2019                                sales             % change       2020                               sales       2019                               sales           % change northeast              $1,323,972                16.0   %              $1,293,472                18.6   %              2.4   %              $56,574                   4.3   %              $56,573                   4.4   %              -
southeast               1,947,888                23.6   %               1,599,426                23.0   %             21.8   %              139,017                   7.1   %               83,722                   5.2   %       66.0          %
south                   2,346,160                28.4   %               1,860,653                26.7   %             26.1   %              163,224                   7.0   %              113,359                   6.1   %       44.0          %
west                    2,639,133                32.0   %               2,205,224                31.7   %             19.7   %              156,744                   5.9   %               89,206                   4.0   %       75.7          %
$8,257,153                 100   %              $6,958,775               100.0   %                                  $515,559                   6.2   %             $342,860                   4.9   %
we have four reportable segments based on an aggregation of the geographic regions in which we operate. while there is some geographic similarity between our reportable segments and the regions as defined by the u.s. census bureau, our reportable segments do not necessarily fully align with any single u.s. census bureau region.
according to the u.s. census bureau, actual single-family housing starts for the year ended december 31, 2020 increased 7.4%, 13.6%, 11.4%, and 12.4% in the northeast, midwest, south and west regions, respectively, compared to the year ended december 31, 2019. for the year ended december 31, 2020, our net sales increased in the northeast, southeast, south and west reportable segments primarily due to an increase in sales volume across the majority of our product categories, and commodity price inflation compared to the year ended december 31, 2019. we achieved increased profitability in our southeast, south, and west reportable segments largely due to sales volume growth. however, profitability declined in our northeast reportable segment largely due to the impact of the covid-19 pandemic on net sales and the impact of gross margin compression from commodity price inflation.
liquidity and capital resources our primary capital requirements are to fund working capital needs and operating expenses, meet required interest and principal payments, and to fund capital expenditures and potential future growth opportunities. our capital resources at december 31, 2020 consist of cash on hand and borrowing availability under our 2023 facility.
our 2023 facility will be primarily used for working capital, general corporate purposes, and funding capital expenditures and growth opportunities. in addition, we may use the 2023 facility to facilitate debt consolidation. availability under the 2023 facility is determined by a borrowing base. our borrowing base consists of trade accounts receivable, inventory, other receivables which include progress billings and credit card receivables, and qualified cash that all meet specific criteria contained within the credit agreement, minus agent specified reserves. net excess borrowing availability is equal to the maximum borrowing amount minus outstanding borrowings and letters of credit.
32
the following table shows our borrowing base and excess availability as of december 31, 2020 and 2019 (in millions):
as of

december 31,             december 31,
2020                     2019
accounts receivable availability                                    $608.8                   $413.0
inventory availability                                               514.7                    370.0
other receivables availability                                        50.9                     29.8
gross availability                                                 1,174.4                    812.8
less:
agent reserves                                                       (40.6   )                (26.6   )
plus:
cash in qualified accounts                                           413.9                      4.2
borrowing base                                                     1,547.7                    790.4
aggregate revolving commitments                                      900.0                    900.0
maximum borrowing amount (lesser of borrowing base and               900.0                    790.4
aggregate revolving commitments)
less:
outstanding borrowings                                               (75.0   )                (27.0   )
letters of credit                                                    (78.0   )                (82.2   )
net excess borrowing availability on revolving facility             $747.0                   $681.2
as of december 31, 2020, we had $75.0 million in outstanding borrowings under our 2023 facility and our net excess borrowing availability was $747.0 million after being reduced by outstanding letters of credit of approximately $78.0 million. excess availability must equal or exceed a minimum specified amount, currently $90.0 million, or we are required to meet a fixed charge coverage ratio of 1:00 to 1:00. we were not in violation of any covenants or restrictions imposed by any of our debt agreements at december 31, 2020.
liquidity our liquidity at december 31, 2020 was $1,170.8 million, which consists of net borrowing availability under the 2023 facility and cash on hand.
our level of indebtedness results in significant interest expense and could have the effect of, among other things, reducing our flexibility to respond to changing business and economic conditions. from time to time, based on market conditions and other factors and subject to compliance with applicable laws and regulations, the company may repurchase or call our notes, repay debt, or otherwise enter into transactions regarding its capital structure.
should the current industry conditions deteriorate or we pursue additional acquisitions, we may be required to raise additional funds through the sale of capital stock or debt in the public capital markets or in privately negotiated transactions. there can be no assurance that any of these financing options would be available on favorable terms, if at all. alternatives to help supplement our liquidity position could include, but are not limited to, idling or permanently closing additional facilities, adjusting our headcount in response to current business conditions, attempts to renegotiate leases, managing our working capital and/or divesting of non-core businesses. there are no assurances that these steps would prove successful or materially improve our liquidity position.
on january 29, 2021, the company amended the 2023 facility to, among other things, increase the total commitments by an aggregate amount of $500.0 million resulting in a new $1.4 billion amended credit facility, and extended the maturity date from november 2023 to january 2026.
33
consolidated cash flows a discussion regarding our consolidated cash flows for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the year ended december 31, 2019 is presented below. a discussion regarding our consolidated cash flows for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to the year ended december 31, 2018 can be found under item 7 of part ii of our annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2019, filed with the sec on february 21, 2020.
2020 compared with 2019
cash provided by operating activities was $260.1 million and $504.0 million in 2020 and 2019, respectively. the $243.9 million decrease in cash provided by operations was largely the result of a working capital increase of $263.2 million in 2020 compared to a working capital decrease of $106.2 million in 2019. this change in working capital was primarily due to the timing and impact of changes in commodity prices on the value of cash received from customers, inventory purchases and cash paid to vendors during the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the year ended december 31, 2019.
cash used in investing activities was $136.2 million and $199.2 million in 2020 and 2019, respectively. this decrease in cash used in investing activities was primarily due to $32.6 million in cash used for our acquisitions of bianchi and kbs in 2020, compared to $92.9 million in cash used for our acquisitions of sun state components, raney components, llc and raney construction, inc. in 2019.
cash provided by financing activities was $285.9 million in 2020, compared to cash used in financing activities of $300.9 million in 2019. cash provided by financing activities for the year 2020 was primarily related to the net proceeds received from the company's financing transactions during the period, including the issuance of $550.0 million of 2030 notes and the issuance of $350.0 million of 2027 notes. the proceeds from these issuances were offset by the redemption of the remaining $503.9 million in outstanding aggregate principal amount of 2024 notes, $47.5 million in aggregate principal amount of senior secured notes due 2027, and the repayment of the remaining $52.0 million term loan.
capital expenditures capital expenditures vary depending on prevailing business factors, including current and anticipated market conditions. historically, capital expenditures have for the most part remained at relatively low levels in comparison to the operating cash flows generated during the corresponding periods. following the bmc merger, we expect our 2021 capital expenditures to be in the range of approximately $210 million to $230 million primarily related to rolling stock, equipment and facility improvements to support our operations.
disclosures of contractual obligations and commercial commitments the following summarizes our contractual obligations as of december 31, 2020 (in thousands):
payments due by period

contractual obligations              total                     less than 1 year                   1-3 years                3-5 years           more than 5 years long-term debt                       $1,402,500                $-                                   $75,000                       $-           $1,327,500
interest on long-term debt(1)                607,797                        86,534                  172,368                  159,963                       188,932
other finance obligations(2)                 258,796                        17,196                   33,629                   33,671                       174,300
finance lease obligations(2)                  25,446                        13,242                   11,887                      317                             -
operating leases (2)                         342,117                        76,567                  113,425                   67,166                        84,959
total contractual cash obligations   $2,636,656                $193,539                            $406,309                 $261,117           $1,775,691
(1)   we had $75.0 million in outstanding borrowings under the 2023 facility as of december 31, 2020. borrowings under the 2023 facility bear interest at a variable rate. therefore, actual interest may differ from the amounts presented above due to interest rate changes or any future borrowing activity under the 2023 facility.

(2)   future commitments for other finance obligations, finance lease obligations and operating lease obligations associated with real estate, vehicle, and other various equipment.

34
purchase orders entered into in the ordinary course of business are excluded from the above table because they are payable within one year. amounts for which we are liable under purchase orders are reflected on our consolidated balance sheet as accounts payable. where it makes economic sense to do so, we plan to lease certain equipment during 2021 to support anticipated sales growth.
other cash obligations not reflected in the balance sheet in addition to the lease obligations included in the above table, we have residual value guarantees on certain equipment leases. under these leases we have the option of (1) purchasing the equipment at the end of the lease term, (2) arranging for the sale of the equipment to a third party, or (3) returning the equipment to the lessor to sell the equipment. if the sales proceeds in either case are less than the residual value, then we are required to reimburse the lessor for the deficiency up to a specified level as stated in each lease agreement. the guarantees under these leases for the residual values of equipment at the end of the respective operating lease periods approximated $4.5 million as of december 31, 2020.
based upon the expectation that none of these leased assets will have a residual value at the end of the lease term that is materially less than the value specified in the related operating lease agreement or that we will purchase the equipment at the end of the lease term, we do not believe it is probable that we will be required to fund any amounts under the terms of these guarantee arrangements. accordingly, no accruals have been recognized for these guarantees.
in addition, the company is party to certain agreements related to its other finance obligations which commit the company to perform certain repairs and maintenance obligations under the leases in a specified manner and timeframe. as of december 31, 2020 our obligations under these agreements have largely been completed with the remainder expected to be completed within the next year.
critical accounting policies and estimates critical accounting policies are those that both are important to the accurate portrayal of a company's financial condition and results, and require subjective or complex judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain.
in order to prepare financial statements that conform to generally accepted accounting principles, we make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in our financial statements and accompanying notes. certain estimates are particularly sensitive due to their significance to the financial statements and the possibility that future events may be significantly different from our expectations.
we have identified the following accounting policy that requires us to make the most subjective or complex judgments in order to fairly present our consolidated financial position and results of operations.
goodwill. goodwill represents the excess of the amount we paid to acquire businesses over the estimated fair value of tangible assets and identifiable intangible assets acquired, less liabilities assumed. at december 31, 2020, our goodwill balance was $785.3 million, representing 18.8% of our total assets.
we test goodwill for impairment in the fourth quarter of each year or at any other time when impairment indicators exist. examples of such indicators that could cause us to test goodwill for impairment between annual tests include a significant change in the business climate, unexpected competition or a significant deterioration in market share. we may also consider market capitalization relative to our net assets. housing starts are a significant sales driver for us. if there is a significant decline or an expected decline in housing starts, this could adversely affect our expectations for a reporting unit and the value of that reporting unit.
the process of evaluating goodwill for impairment involves the determination of the fair value of our reporting units. our reporting units are aligned with our nine geographic regions which are also determined to be our operating segments. in evaluating goodwill for impairment, the company first assesses qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. if it is concluded that it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is not less than its carrying amount, then no further testing of the goodwill is required.
35
however, if we determine that it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, we perform a quantitative goodwill impairment test. this test identifies both the existence of and the amount of goodwill impairment by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit to its carrying amount, including goodwill. if the fair value of a reporting unit exceeds its carrying amount goodwill is not impaired. if the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value an impairment loss is recognized in amount equal to that excess, limited to the amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit.
in performing our annual goodwill impairment tests at december 31, 2020, we first assessed qualitative factors relative to each of our reporting units to determine if it was more likely than not that the fair value of our reporting units were less than their carrying amounts. examples of such factors we considered in this assessment included the amount of cushion from prior quantitative goodwill impairment tests, significant changes in the goodwill balance, the presence of any known or forecasted declines in operating performance, market conditions, market share or any other negative factors.
for reporting units where we determined that it was more likely than not that the fair values were less than their carrying amounts, we performed a quantitative goodwill impairment test. in evaluating our goodwill for impairment at december 31, 2020, $77.1 million of our goodwill balance was assessed utilizing a quantitative assessment. in performing the quantitative impairment test at december 31, 2020, we developed the fair value using a discounted cash flow methodology. inherent in such fair value determinations are significant assumptions relating to future cash flows, expected future revenues, expected future profitability, the discount rate, the terminal value, and our interpretation of current economic indicators and market conditions and their impact on our strategic plans and operations. due to the uncertainties associated with such estimates, interpretations and assumptions, actual results could differ from projected results, which could result in impairment of goodwill being recorded.
significant information and assumptions utilized in estimating future cash flows for quantitative goodwill impairment analyses include projections of revenue growth utilizing publicly available industry information such as lumber commodity prices and housing start forecasts developed by industry forecasters, including the nahb. expected future profitability reflects current headcount levels and cost structure and are flexed in future years based upon historical trends at various revenue levels. long-term growth was based upon terminal value earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization ("ebitda") multiples of 6.0x to reflect the relevant expected acquisition price. a discount rate of 11.0% was used and is intended to reflect the weighted average cost of capital for a potential market participant and includes all risks of ownership and the associated risks of realizing the stream of projected future cash flows. decreasing the long-term growth to an ebitda multiple of 5.0x, or increasing the discount rate by 1.0% to 12.0%, would not have changed the results of our impairment testing.
at december 31, 2020, the fair values of each of our reporting units were substantially in excess of their respective carrying amounts. factors that could negatively impact the estimated fair value of our reporting units and potentially trigger additional impairment include, but are not limited to, unexpected competition, lower than expected housing starts, an increase in market participant weighted average cost of capital, increases in material or labor cost, and significant declines in our market capitalization. future impairment of goodwill would have the effect of decreasing our earnings or increasing our losses in such period, but would not impact our current outstanding debt obligations or compliance with covenants contained in the related debt agreements. we did not have any goodwill impairments in 2020, 2019 or 2018.
recently issued accounting standards information regarding recent accounting pronouncements is discussed in note 2 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
