item 1a. risk factors as a global investment management firm, risk is an inherent part of blackrock's business. global markets, by their nature, are prone to uncertainty and subject participants to a variety of risks. while blackrock devotes significant resources across all of its operations to identify, measure, monitor, manage and analyze market, operating, legal, compliance, reputational, fiduciary and investment risks, blackrock's business, financial condition, operating results and nonoperating results could be materially adversely affected and the company's stock price could decline as a result of any of these risks and uncertainties, including the ones discussed below.
market and competition risks changes in the value levels of equity, debt, real assets, commodities, foreign exchange or other asset markets, as well as the impact of global trade policies and tariffs, may cause assets under management ("aum"), revenue and earnings to decline.
blackrock's investment management revenue is primarily comprised of fees based on a percentage of the value of aum and, in some cases, performance fees which are normally expressed as a percentage of returns to the client. numerous factors, including price movements in the equity, debt or currency markets, or in the price of real assets, commodities or alternative investments in which blackrock invests, as well as the impact of global trade policies and tariffs, could cause:
•   the value of aum, or the returns blackrock realizes on aum, to decrease;

•   the withdrawal of funds from blackrock's products in favor of products offered by competitors;

•   the rebalancing or reallocating of assets into blackrock products that yield lower fees;

•   an impairment to the value of intangible assets and goodwill; or

•   a decrease in the value of seed or co-investment capital.

the occurrence of any of these events may cause the company's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
changes in interest or foreign exchange rates and/or divergent beta may cause blackrock's aum and base fees to fluctuate and introduce volatility to the company's net income and operating cash flows.
in recent years, there have been prolonged periods of historically low interest rates, interspersed with periods in which certain central banks globally began increasing rates. blackrock's business is directly and indirectly affected by changes in global interest rates. similarly, due to the global nature of blackrock's operations, a portion of its business is conducted in currencies other than the us dollar. any failure by blackrock to manage movements in foreign exchange rates relative to the us dollar or its exposure to interest rates may cause blackrock's aum to fluctuate and introduce volatility to the company's base fees, net income and operating cash flows.
in addition, beta divergence between equity markets, where certain markets perform differently than others, may lead to an increase in the proportion of blackrock aum weighted toward lower fee equity products, resulting in a decline in blackrock's effective fee rate. divergent market factors may also erode the correlation between the growth rates of aum and base fees.
blackrock's investment advisory contracts may be terminated or may not be renewed by clients or fund boards on favorable terms and the liquidation of certain funds may be accelerated at the option of investors.
blackrock derives a substantial portion of its revenue from providing investment advisory services. the advisory or management contracts blackrock has entered into with its clients, including the agreements that govern many of blackrock's investment funds, provide investors or, in some cases, the independent directors of applicable investment funds, with significant latitude to terminate such contracts, withdraw funds or liquidate funds by simple majority vote with limited notice or penalty, or to remove blackrock as a fund's investment advisor (or equivalent). blackrock also manages its us mutual funds, closed-end and exchange-traded funds under management contracts that must be renewed and approved annually by the funds' respective boards of directors, a majority of whom are independent from the company. blackrock's fee arrangements under any of its advisory or management contracts may be reduced (including at the behest of a fund's board of directors). in addition, if a number of blackrock's clients terminate their contracts, or otherwise remove blackrock from its advisory roles, liquidate funds or fail to renew management contracts on favorable terms, the fees or carried interest blackrock earns could be reduced, which may cause blackrock's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
the failure or negative performance of products offered by competitors may cause aum in similar blackrock products to decline irrespective of blackrock's performance.
many competitors offer similar products to those offered by blackrock and the failure or negative performance of competitors' products could lead to a loss of confidence in similar blackrock products, irrespective of the performance of such products. any loss of confidence in a product type could lead to withdrawals, redemptions and liquidity issues in such products, which may cause the company's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
increased competition may cause blackrock's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
the investment management industry is highly competitive and blackrock competes based on a number of factors including: investment performance, its technology and portfolio construction offerings, the level of fees charged, the quality and breadth of services and products provided, name recognition and reputation, and its ability to develop new investment strategies and products to meet the changing needs of investors. in addition, over the past several years there has been significant consolidation in the asset management and financial services industries as investors increasingly seek out firms that have the capacity to deliver broad multi-asset investment capabilities and technological expertise, including in a manner that is responsive to ever more localized needs. this consolidation, together with the introduction of new technologies, as well as regulatory changes, continues to alter the competitive landscape for investment managers, which may lead to additional fee compression or require blackrock to invest more to modify or adapt its product offerings to attract and retain customers and
19
remain competitive with the products, services and geographic diversity offered by other financial institutions, technology companies, trading, advisory or asset management firms. increased competition on the basis of any of these factors, including competition leading to fee reductions on existing or new business, may cause the company's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
failure to maintain aladdin's competitive position in a dynamic market could lead to a loss of clients and could impede blackrock's productivity and growth.
the sophisticated risk analytics, portfolio management, trade execution and investment operations that blackrock provides via its technology platform to support investment advisory and aladdin clients are important elements of blackrock's competitive success. aladdin's competitive position is based in part on its ability to combine risk analytics with portfolio management, trading and operations tools on a single platform. increased competition from risk analytics and investment management technology providers, including as a result of growing industry consolidation giving rise to competitors with increasingly sophisticated and comprehensive product offerings, or a shift in client demand away to standalone or internally developed solutions, whether due to price competition, perceived client market share, platform flexibility or market-based or regulatory factors, may weaken aladdin's competitive position and may cause the company's revenue and earnings to decline. in addition, to the extent that aladdin competitors are able to innovate more effectively than blackrock or leverage delivery models that provide clients faster time to market, lower costs or the ability to more seamlessly combine or bundle with other service offerings, blackrock may lose existing clients or fail to capture future market share, which may impede its productivity and growth. moreover, although blackrock takes steps to safeguard against infringements of its intellectual property, there can be no assurance that the company will be able to effectively protect and enforce its intellectual property rights in aladdin.
blackrock may be unable to develop new products and services and the development of new products and services may expose blackrock to reputational harm, additional costs or operational risk.
blackrock's financial performance depends, in part, on its ability to react to changes in the asset management industry, respond to evolving client demands and develop, market and manage new investment products and services. conversely, the development and introduction of new products and services, including the creation of products with a focus on environmental, social and governance matters, requires continued innovative effort on the part of blackrock and may require significant time and resources as well as ongoing support and investment. substantial risk and uncertainties are associated with the introduction of new products and services, including the implementation of new and appropriate operational controls and procedures, shifting client and market preferences, the introduction of competing products or services and compliance with regulatory requirements. there can be no assurance that blackrock will be able to innovate effectively in order to develop new products or services that address the needs of its clients on the timescale they require. any failure to develop new products and services, or successfully manage associated operational risks, could harm blackrock's reputation and expose the company to additional costs, which may cause its aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
changes in the value of seed and co-investments that blackrock owns could affect its income and could increase the volatility of its earnings.
at december 31, 2020, blackrock's net economic investment exposure of approximately $2.9 billion in its investments (see item 7, management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations-investments) primarily resulted from co-investments and seed investments in its sponsored investment funds. movements in the equity, debt or currency markets, or in the price of real assets, commodities or other alternative investments, could lower the value of these investments as well as other minority investments, increase the volatility of blackrock's earnings and cause earnings to decline.
blackrock indemnifies certain securities lending clients for specified losses as a result of a borrower default.
blackrock provides borrower default indemnification to certain of its securities lending clients. in the event of a borrower default, blackrock would use the collateral pledged by the borrower to repurchase securities out on loan in order to replace them in a client's account. borrower default indemnification is limited to the shortfall that occurs in the event the collateral available at the time of the borrower's default is insufficient to repurchase those securities out on loan. blackrock requires all borrowers to mark to market their pledged collateral daily to levels in excess of the value of the securities out on loan to mitigate the likelihood of the indemnity being triggered. where the collateral is in the form of cash, the indemnities blackrock provides do not guarantee, assume or otherwise insure the investment performance or return of any cash collateral vehicle into which that cash collateral is invested. the amount of securities on loan as of december 31, 2020 and subject to this type of indemnification was $270 billion. in the company's capacity as lending agent, cash and securities totaling $289 billion was held as collateral for indemnified securities on loan at december 31, 2020. significant borrower defaults occurring simultaneously with rapid declines in the value of collateral pledged and/or increases in the value of the securities loaned may create collateral shortfalls, which could result in material liabilities under these indemnities and may cause the company's revenue and earnings to decline.
blackrock's decision to provide support to particular products from time to time, or the inability to provide support, may cause aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
while not legally mandated, blackrock may, at its option, from time to time choose to support investment products through capital or credit support for commercial or other reasons. any decision by blackrock to support products may utilize capital and liquidity that would otherwise be available for other corporate purposes. blackrock's ability to support certain products may be restricted by regulation or by the company's failure to have or make available sufficient capital or liquidity. moreover, inherent constraints arising from the business models of certain asset managers, including blackrock, may during periods of market volatility result in blackrock having fewer options for accessing liquidity than asset managers with alternate business models, which may adversely impact its ability to support certain products. any decision by blackrock to support particular products, or the inability to provide such support, may result in losses, which may cause aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
20
increased geopolitical unrest and other events outside of blackrock's control could adversely affect the global economy or specific international, regional and domestic markets, which may cause blackrock's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
geopolitical risks, including those arising from trade tension and/or the imposition of trade tariffs, european fragmentation, unrest in the middle east and terrorist activity, as well as acts of civil or international hostility, are increasing. similarly, other events outside of blackrock's control, including natural disasters, pandemics (such as the covid-19 pandemic) or health crises may arise from time to time and be accompanied by governmental actions that may increase international tension. any such events, and responses thereto, may cause significant volatility and declines in the global markets, disruptions to commerce (including to economic activity, travel and supply chains), loss of life and property damage, and may adversely affect the global economy or capital markets, as well as the company's products, clients, vendors and employees, which may cause blackrock's aum, revenue and earnings to decline. blackrock's exposure to geopolitical risks may be heightened to the extent such risks arise in countries in which blackrock currently operates or is seeking to expand its presence.
risks related to investment performance poor investment performance could lead to the loss of clients and may cause aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
the company's management believes that investment performance, including the efficient delivery of beta, is one of the most important factors for the growth and retention of aum. poor investment performance relative to applicable portfolio benchmarks, aggregate fee levels or competitors may cause aum, revenue and earnings to decline as a result of:
•   client withdrawals in favor of better performing products offered by competitors;

•   client shifts to products that charge lower fees;

•   the diminishing ability to attract additional funds from existing and new clients;

•   reduced, minimal or no performance fees;

•   an impairment to the value of intangible assets and goodwill; or

•   a decrease in the valuations of seed and co-investment capital.

performance fees may increase volatility of both revenue and earnings.
a portion of blackrock's revenue is derived from performance fees on investment advisory assignments. performance fees represented $1.1 billion, or 7%, of total revenue for the year ended december 31, 2020. generally, the company is entitled to a performance fee only if the agreement under which it is managing the assets provides for one and if returns on the related portfolio exceed agreed-upon periodic or cumulative return targets. if these targets are not exceeded, a performance fee for that period will not be earned and, if targets are based on cumulative returns, the company may not earn performance fees in future periods. the volatility of the company's future revenue and earnings may also be affected due to illiquid alternatives becoming an increasing component of the overall composition of the company's performance fee generating assets. in particular, as blackrock takes on more advisory assignments for illiquid investments, performance fees will generally be recognized over substantially longer multi-year periods than those associated with more liquid products.
failure to identify errors in the quantitative models blackrock utilizes to manage its business could adversely affect product performance and client relationships.
blackrock employs various quantitative models to support its investment processes, including those related to risk assessment, portfolio management, trading and hedging activities and product valuations. any errors in the underlying models or model assumptions, as well as any failure of blackrock's governance, approval, testing and validation standards in respect of such models or model assumptions, could have unanticipated and adverse consequences on blackrock's business and reputation.
risks related to the covid-19 pandemic the covid-19 pandemic may adversely affect blackrock's business, operations and financial condition which may cause its aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
the covid-19 pandemic has caused and is causing significant harm to the global economy and may adversely affect blackrock's business, including its operations and financial condition, and may cause the company's aum, revenue and earnings to decline. the covid-19 pandemic continues to result in governmental authorities taking numerous measures to contain the spread and impact of covid-19, such as travel bans and restrictions, quarantines, shelter in place orders, and limitations on business activity, including closures. these measures may continue to, among other things, severely restrict global economic activity, which can disrupt supply chains, lower asset valuations, significantly increase unemployment and underemployment levels, decrease liquidity in markets for certain securities and cause significant volatility and disruption in the financial markets.
towards the end of the first quarter of 2020 the pandemic began to impact blackrock's business. while global markets have significantly recovered since then, the effects of the pandemic are ongoing, and such impact may continue in future quarters if conditions persist or worsen. should current economic conditions persist or deteriorate, there may be an ongoing adverse effect on blackrock's business, including its operations and financial condition, as a result of, among other things:
•   reduced aum, resulting in lower base fees, as well as a reduction in the value of blackrock's investment portfolio, including its coinvestments and seed investments in sponsored investment funds;

•   lower alpha generation which may adversely affect future organic growth and blackrock's ability to generate performance fees;

21
•   reduced client and prospective client demand for blackrock products and services and/or changing client risk preferences which may adversely affect future organic growth;

•   a decline in technology revenue growth as a result of extended sales cycles and longer implementation periods as clients work remotely;

•   negative impact of the pandemic on blackrock's clients, and key vendors (such as pricing providers), market participants and other third-parties with whom it does business;

•   the negative operational effects of an extended remote working environment, including strain on aladdin and/or blackrock's other internal and external technology resources leveraged at the firm, as well as the potential for heightened operational risks, such as cybersecurity and fraud risks;

•   the possibility that prolonged periods away from physical office locations and daily in-person interactions with colleagues may cause members of blackrock's workforce to become disconnected with corporate culture and policies, which may increase operational issues arising from human error and/or individual attempts to circumvent controls due to distractions, fatigue or a lack of oversight; and

•   the disruption to blackrock's workforce due to illness and health concerns, potential limitations of its remote work environment (including any complications associated with hiring and onboarding new employees remotely), and government-imposed restrictions, laws and regulations.

the aggregate extent to which covid-19, and the related global economic crisis, affect blackrock's business, results of operations and financial condition, will depend on future developments that are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including the scope and duration of the pandemic and any recovery period, future actions taken by governmental authorities, central banks and other third parties (including new financial regulation and other regulatory reform) in response to the pandemic, and the effects on blackrock's products, clients, vendors and employees and may exacerbate the other risks described herein.
technology and operational risks a failure in, or disruption to, blackrock's operational systems or infrastructure, including business continuity plans, could adversely affect operations, damage the company's reputation and cause blackrock's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
blackrock's infrastructure, including its technological capacity, data centers and office space, is vital to the competitiveness of its business. moreover, a significant portion of blackrock's critical business operations are concentrated in a limited number of geographic areas, including san francisco, new york, london, budapest, atlanta and gurgaon. the failure to maintain an infrastructure commensurate with the size and scope of blackrock's business, or the occurrence of a business outage or event outside blackrock's control, including a major earthquake, hurricane, fire, terrorist act, pandemic (such as the covid-19 pandemic), health crisis or other catastrophic event, or the actions of individuals or groups seeking to disrupt blackrock's operations in any location at which blackrock maintains a major presence, could materially impact operations, result in disruption to the business or impede its growth.
in addition, despite blackrock's efforts to ensure business continuity, if it fails to keep business continuity plans up-to-date or if such plans, including secure back-up facilities and systems and the availability of back-up employees, are improperly implemented or deployed during a disruption, the company's ability to operate could be adversely impacted which may cause aum, revenue and earnings to decline or impact the company's ability to comply with regulatory obligations leading to reputational harm, regulatory fines and/or sanctions.
a cyber-attack or a failure to implement effective information and cybersecurity policies, procedures and capabilities could disrupt operations and lead to financial losses and reputational harm, which may cause blackrock's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
blackrock is dependent on the effectiveness of the information and cybersecurity policies, procedures and capabilities it maintains to protect its computer and telecommunications systems and the data that resides on or is transmitted through them. an externally caused information security incident, such as a cyber-attack including a phishing scam, business email compromise, malware, or denial-of-service or ransomware attack, or an internally caused incident, such as failure to control access to sensitive systems, could materially interrupt business operations or cause disclosure or modification of sensitive or confidential client or competitive information. moreover, developments in blackrock's use of process automation, as well as the increased use of remote access by employees and mobile and cloud technologies, could heighten these and other operational risks, as certain aspects of the security of such technologies may be complex, unpredictable or beyond blackrock's control. blackrock's growing exposure to the public internet, as well as reliance on mobile or cloud technology or any failure by mobile technology and cloud service providers to adequately safeguard their systems and prevent cyber-attacks, could disrupt blackrock's operations and result in misappropriation, corruption or loss of personal, confidential or proprietary information. in addition, there is a risk that encryption and other protective measures may be circumvented, particularly to the extent that new computing technologies increase the speed and computing power available.
there have been a number of recent highly publicized cases involving financial services and consumer-based companies reporting the unauthorized disclosure of client or customer information and the unauthorized transfer of customer funds, as well as cyber-attacks involving the dissemination, theft and destruction of corporate information or other assets, as a result of failure to follow procedures by employees or contractors or as a result of actions by third parties, including nation state actors and terrorist organizations. blackrock has been the target of attempted cyber-attacks, as well as the co-opting of its brand, and must monitor and develop its systems to protect its technology infrastructure and data from misappropriation or corruption, as the failure to do so could disrupt blackrock's operations and cause financial losses. although blackrock has implemented policies and controls, and takes protective measures involving significant expense, to strengthen its computer systems, processes, software, technology assets and networks to prevent and address potential data breaches, inadvertent disclosures, increasingly sophisticated cyber-attacks and cyber-related fraud, there can be no assurance that any of these measures prove effective. moreover, due to the complexity and interconnectedness of blackrock's systems, the process of upgrading or patching the company's protective measures could itself create a risk of security issues or system disruptions for the company, as well as for clients who rely upon, or have exposure to, blackrock's systems.
22
in addition, due to blackrock's interconnectivity with third-party vendors, advisors, central agents, exchanges, clearing houses and other financial institutions, blackrock may be adversely affected if any of them is subject to a successful cyber-attack or other information security event, including those arising due to the use of mobile technology or a third-party cloud environment. blackrock also routinely transmits and receives personal, confidential or proprietary information by email and other electronic means. the company collaborates with clients, vendors and other third parties to develop secure transmission capabilities and protect against cyber-attacks. however, blackrock cannot ensure that it or such third parties have all appropriate controls in place to protect the confidentiality of such information.
any information security incident or cyber-attack against blackrock or third parties with whom it is connected, including any interception, mishandling or misuse of personal, confidential or proprietary information, could result in material financial loss, loss of competitive position, regulatory fines and/or sanctions, breach of client contracts, reputational harm or legal liability, which, in turn, may cause blackrock's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
failure or unavailability of third-party dependencies may adversely affect aladdin operations, which could cause reputational harm, lead to a loss of clients and impede blackrock's productivity and growth.
blackrock must maintain effective infrastructure, including a robust and secure technological framework, in order to maximize the benefit of the aladdin platform. in so doing, it relies in part on certain third-party service providers. for example, aladdin's data architecture depends on third-party providers of technology solutions, including the ability of such parties to scale and perform in response to aladdin's growth. in addition, the analytical capabilities of aladdin depend on the ability of a number of third parties to provide data and other information as inputs into aladdin's analytical calculations. although blackrock has implemented internal controls and procedures, and maintains a robust vendor management program designed to perform diligence and monitor third parties that support the aladdin platform, there can be no assurance that these measures will prove effective. any failure by third parties to maintain infrastructure that is commensurate with aladdin's size and growth, or provide the data or information required to support its varying capabilities, could compromise aladdin's resilience, result in operational difficulties, cause reputational harm and adversely impact blackrock's ability to provide services to its investment advisory and aladdin clients.
continuing enhancements to aladdin's capabilities, as well as the expansion of the aladdin platform into new markets and geographies, have led to significant growth in aladdin's processing scale, which may expose blackrock to reputational harm, increased regulatory scrutiny and heightened operational, data management, cyber- and information-security risks.
the operation of blackrock's aladdin platform routinely involves updating existing capabilities, configuration change management, developing, testing and rolling out new functionalities and expanding coverage into new markets and geographies, including in connection with inorganic transactions or to address client or regulatory requirements. these updates and expansion initiatives, which have led to significant growth in aladdin's processing scale, frequently occur on accelerated time frames and may expose blackrock to additional cyber- and information-security risks, as well as increased execution, operational and data management risks. if blackrock is unable to manage the pace of, or provide the operational resiliency and stability for, the expansion of aladdin and associated growth of its processing scale, blackrock may experience client attrition, reduced business, reputational harm or regulatory fines and/or sanctions, which may cause blackrock's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
in addition, the highly regulated business activities of many aladdin clients may expose blackrock to heightened regulatory scrutiny. for example, the changing political and regulatory environment in certain jurisdictions in which aladdin clients are based has required blackrock to open new data centers in those jurisdictions in order to host client data in the client's home location. operating new data centers in foreign jurisdictions may expose blackrock to increased operational complexity, as well as additional regulatory risks associated with the compliance requirements of such jurisdictions.
failure to maintain adequate corporate and contingent liquidity may cause blackrock's aum, liquidity and earnings to decline, as well as harm its prospects for growth.
blackrock's ability to meet anticipated cash needs depends upon a number of factors, including its creditworthiness and ability to generate operating cash flows. in addition, while blackrock, inc. is not subject to regulatory capital or liquidity requirements, certain of its subsidiaries are subject to regulatory capital and liquidity frameworks as well as certain other prudential requirements and standards, which require them to maintain certain levels of capital and liquidity. failure to maintain adequate liquidity could lead to unanticipated costs and force blackrock to revise existing strategic and business initiatives. blackrock's access to equity and debt markets and its ability to issue public or private debt, or secure lines of credit or commercial paper back-up lines, on reasonable terms may be limited by adverse market conditions, a reduction in its long- or short-term credit ratings, or changes in government regulations, including tax and interest rates. failure to obtain funds and/or financing, or any adverse change to the cost of obtaining such funds and/or financing, may cause blackrock's aum, liquidity and earnings to decline, curtail its operations and limit or impede its prospects for growth.
operating risks associated with blackrock's securities lending program may result in client losses.
blackrock lends securities to banks and broker-dealers on behalf of certain of its clients. in these securities lending transactions, the borrower is required to provide and maintain collateral at or above regulatory minimums. securities on loan are marked to market daily to determine if the borrower is required to pledge additional collateral. blackrock must manage this process and is charged with mitigating the associated operational risks. the failure of blackrock's controls to mitigate such operational risks could result in financial losses for the company's clients that participate in its securities lending programs (separate from the risks of collateral investments), and blackrock may be held liable for any failure to manage such risks.
inorganic transactions may harm the company's competitive or financial position if they are not successful.
blackrock employs a variety of organic and inorganic strategies intended to enhance earnings, increase product offerings, deliver whole-portfolio solutions, access new clients, leverage advances in technology and expand into new geographies. inorganic strategies have included hiring smaller-sized investment teams, making minority investments in early- to mid-stage technological and other ventures, entering into
23
strategic joint ventures and acquiring investment management and technology businesses. inorganic transactions involve a number of financial, accounting, tax, regulatory, geographical and operational challenges and uncertainties, including in some cases the assumption of pre-existing liabilities, which must be managed in order for blackrock to realize the benefit of such transactions. the success of blackrock's inorganic strategy also depends in large part on its ability to integrate the workforce, operations, strategies, technologies and other components of a target business following the completion of an acquisition. blackrock may be required to commit significant management time, as well as create new, or grow existing, operational and support functions, to facilitate the integration of acquired businesses, manage combined future growth and maintain a cohesive corporate culture. there can be no assurance that blackrock will be able to successfully integrate acquired businesses, retain associated talent, scale support functions or realize other intended benefits of its inorganic strategy. moreover, the challenges associated with blackrock's inorganic strategy may be heightened when inorganic transactions are in new geographic locations, involve new markets, products or business lines or are delivered via technology that differs from that employed by blackrock. in addition, in the case of minority investments and joint ventures, blackrock may be subject to risks due to reputational harm, liability or loss resulting from, or relating to operating systems, risk management controls, and employees that are outside of blackrock's control. any failure to identify and mitigate the risks associated with acquisitions, joint ventures or minority investments through due diligence, indemnification provisions and/or operational expertise, or to manage the integration of acquisitions effectively, could have an adverse effect on blackrock's reputation or cause its aum, revenue and earnings to decline, which may harm the company's competitive position in the investment management industry.
client investments in real assets, such as real estate, infrastructure and energy assets, may expose blackrock and its funds and accounts to new or increased risks and liabilities, as well as reputational harm.
blackrock makes investments on behalf of its clients in real assets, including real estate, infrastructure and energy assets, that may expose blackrock and its funds and accounts to increased risks and liabilities that are inherent in the ownership and management of such assets. these may include:
•   construction risks, including as a result of force majeure, labor disputes or work stoppages, shortages of material or interruptions to the availability of necessary equipment;

•   accidents, pandemics (such as the covid-19 pandemic), health crises or catastrophic events, such as explosions, fires or terrorist activity beyond blackrock's control;

•   risks associated with global climate change, including the greater frequency or intensity of adverse weather and natural disasters;

•   personal injury or property damage;

•   failures on the part of third-party managers or sub-contractors appointed in connection with investments or projects to adequately perform their contractual duties or operate in accordance with applicable laws;

•   exposure to stringent and complex foreign, federal, state and local laws, ordinances and regulations, including those related to financial crime, permits, government contracting, conservation, exploration and production, tenancy, occupational health and safety, foreign investment and environmental protection;

•   environmental hazards, such as natural gas leaks, product and waste spills, pipeline and tank ruptures, and unauthorized discharges of products, wastes and other pollutants;

•   changes to the supply and demand for properties and/or tenancies or fluctuations in the price of commodities;

•   the financial resources of tenants; and

•   contingent liabilities on disposition of assets.

the above risks may expose blackrock's funds and accounts to additional expenses and liabilities, including costs associated with delays or remediation costs, and increased legal or regulatory costs, all of which could impact the returns earned by blackrock's clients. these risks could also result in direct liability for blackrock by exposing blackrock to losses, regulatory sanction or litigation, including claims for compensatory or punitive damages. similarly, market conditions may change during the course of developments or projects in which blackrock invests that make such development or project less attractive than at the time it was commenced and potentially harm the investment returns of blackrock's clients. the occurrence of any such events may expose blackrock to reputational harm, divert management's attention away from blackrock's other business activities or cause its aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
operating in international markets increases blackrock's operational, political, regulatory and other risks.
as a result of blackrock's extensive international operations, the company faces associated operational, regulatory, reputational, political and foreign exchange rate risks, many of which are outside of the company's control. operating outside the united states ("us") may also expose blackrock to increased compliance risks, as well as higher compliance costs to comply with us and non-us anti-corruption, anti-money laundering and sanctions laws and regulations. similarly, certain jurisdictions in which blackrock operates may not have comparable levels of protection for corporate assets, such as intellectual property, and client information and records, as the us. as a result, there may also be heightened information security or privacy risks in those jurisdictions. any theft of data, technology or intellectual property may negatively impact blackrock's business operations and reputation. the failure of the company's systems of internal control to mitigate such risks, or of its operating infrastructure to support its global activities, could result in operational failures and regulatory fines and/or sanctions, which may cause the company's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
24
risks related to human capital the potential for human error in connection with blackrock's operational systems could disrupt operations, cause losses, lead to regulatory fines or damage the company's reputation and may cause blackrock's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
many of blackrock's operations are highly complex and are dependent on the company's ability to process and monitor a large number of transactions, many of which occur across numerous markets and currencies at high volumes and frequencies. although blackrock expends considerable resources on systemic controls, supervision, technology and training in an effort to ensure that such transactions do not violate client guidelines and applicable rules and regulations or adversely affect clients, counterparties or the company, blackrock's operations are dependent on its employees. from time-to-time, employees make mistakes that are not always immediately detected by systems, controls, policies and procedures intended to prevent and detect such errors. these can include calculation errors, errors in software implementation or development, failure to ensure data security, follow processes, patch systems or report issues, or errors in judgment. human errors, even if promptly discovered and remediated, may disrupt operations or result in regulatory fines and/or sanctions, breach of client contracts, reputational harm or legal liability, which, in turn, may cause blackrock's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
fraud, the circumvention of controls or the violation of risk management and workplace policies could have an adverse effect on blackrock's reputation, which may cause the company's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
blackrock seeks to foster a positive workplace culture, has adopted a comprehensive risk management process and continues to enhance various controls, procedures, policies and systems to monitor and manage risks. notwithstanding these measures, blackrock cannot ensure that its workplace culture or such controls, procedures, policies and systems will successfully identify and manage internal and external risks and blackrock employees have in the past engaged in improper conduct. in addition, blackrock is subject to the risk that its employees, contractors or other third parties may in the future deliberately or recklessly seek to circumvent established controls to commit fraud, pay or solicit bribes or otherwise act in ways that are inconsistent with the company's controls, policies, procedures, workplace culture or principles. this risk may be heightened as blackrock expands into new markets and increases the breadth of its business offerings, both of which introduce additional complexity to its risk management program. persistent attempts to circumvent policies and controls or repeated incidents involving fraud, conflicts of interests or transgressions of policies and controls could have an adverse effect on blackrock's reputation, cause adverse publicity, and result in litigation, regulatory inquiries, fines and/or sanctions, which may cause the company's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
the failure to recruit and retain employees and develop and implement effective executive succession could lead to the loss of clients and may cause aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
blackrock's success is largely dependent on the talents and efforts of its highly skilled workforce and the company's ability to plan for the future long-term growth of the business by identifying and developing those employees who can ultimately transition into key roles within blackrock. the global market for qualified fund managers, investment analysts, technology and risk specialists and other professionals is competitive, and factors that affect blackrock's ability to attract and retain such employees include the company's reputation and workplace culture, the immigration policies in the jurisdictions in which blackrock has offices, the compensation and benefits it provides, and its commitment to effectively managing executive succession, including the development and training of qualified individuals.
in addition, a percentage of the deferred compensation that blackrock pays to its employees is tied to the company's share price. as such, if blackrock's share price were to decrease, the retention value of such deferred compensation would decrease. there can be no assurance that the company will continue to be successful in its efforts to recruit and retain employees and effectively manage executive succession. if blackrock is unable to offer competitive compensation or otherwise attract and retain talented individuals, or if it fails to effectively manage executive succession, the company's ability to compete effectively and retain its existing clients may be materially impacted.
risks related to key third-party relationships the impairment or failure of third parties may negatively impact the performance of products and accounts that blackrock manages, which may cause blackrock's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
blackrock's investment management activities expose the products and accounts it manages for its clients to many different industries and counterparties, including distributors, brokers and dealers, commercial and investment banks, clearing organizations, mutual and hedge funds, and other institutional clients. transactions with counterparties expose blackrock's clients to credit risk in the event the applicable counterparty defaults. although blackrock maintains a robust vendor management program and regularly assesses risks posed by its counterparties, such counterparties may be subject to sudden swings in the financial and credit markets that may impair their ability to perform or they may fail to meet their obligations. counterparties may also experience lapses in their internal controls or risk management systems or expose blackrock and/or its clients to losses on account of employee malfeasance, negligence or human error. in addition, the concentration of certain financial institutions that blackrock uses to facilitate securities and derivatives transactions for its clients, including clearing organizations, exchanges and central agents, increases the risk that a technical or operational issue at, or default by, one such institution could introduce operational issues or delays impacting multiple blackrock clients. any such operational issue, impairment or failure could negatively impact the performance of products or accounts that blackrock manages for its clients, which may lead to client attrition and, in turn, cause blackrock's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
the failure of a key vendor to blackrock to fulfill its obligations or a failure by blackrock to maintain its relationships with key vendors could have a material adverse effect on blackrock's growth, reputation or business, which may cause the company's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
blackrock depends on a number of key vendors for various fund administration, accounting, custody, market data, market indices, technology and transfer agent roles and other distribution and operational needs. blackrock relies upon a relatively concentrated group of third-party index providers to deliver services that are integral to its clients' investment decisions. the index provider industry is characterized by large vendors and the use of long-term contracts remains the market standard. this industry structure may limit blackrock's ability to renegotiate its index provider contracts on favorable terms or at all. while blackrock performs focused diligence on its vendors in an effort to ensure they operate in accordance with expectations, to the extent any significant deficiencies are uncovered, there may be few, or no, alternative vendors available. moreover, in situations where blackrock has limited access to alternative vendors, or where the nature of blackrock's arrangement with a
25
vendor requires a long term-commitment, blackrock may be dependent on such vendor for continuous operational reliability and may be unable to avoid incurring costs if such vendor introduces required upgrades to its services.
blackrock may from time to time transfer key contracts from one vendor to another. key contract transfers may be costly and complex, and expose blackrock to heightened operational risks. any failure to mitigate such risks could result in reputational harm, as well as financial losses to blackrock and its clients. the failure or inability of blackrock to diversify its sources for key services or the failure of any key vendor to fulfill its obligations could result in activities inconsistent with clients' investment management or other agreements, have an adverse financial impact on blackrock products or lead to operational and regulatory issues for the company, which could result in reputational harm or legal liability, fines and/or sanctions and may cause blackrock's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
any disruption to the company's distribution channels may cause blackrock's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
blackrock relies on a number of third parties to provide distribution, portfolio administration and servicing for certain blackrock investment management products and services through their various distribution channels. blackrock's ability to maintain strong relationships with its distributors may impact the company's future performance, and its relationships with distributors are subject to periodic renegotiation that may result in increased distribution costs and/or reductions in the amount of blackrock products and services being marketed or distributed. moreover, new fiduciary regulations could lead to significant shifts in distributors' business models and more limited product offerings, potentially resulting in reduced distribution and/or marketing of certain of the company's products and services and fee compression. if blackrock is unable to distribute its products and services successfully or if it is unable to replace or renew existing distribution arrangements, blackrock's aum, revenue and earnings may decline. in addition, improper activities, as well as inadequate anti-money laundering diligence conducted by third-party distributors, could create reputational and regulatory harm to blackrock.
key technology partnerships may expose blackrock to increased regulatory oversight, as well as migration, execution, technology and operational risks.
in april 2020, blackrock announced a strategic partnership to host aladdin infrastructure on the microsoft azure cloud and commenced a multi-year plan to migrate the aladdin environments for blackrock and its external aladdin clients to the cloud. the benefits of a cloud-based platform are significant and blackrock has adopted a robust risk-based approach to its migration strategy; however the partnership also introduces new risks, including: (i) risks associated with relying on a third-party for aspects of the reliability and stability of aladdin's infrastructure; (ii) software and information security risks arising from the use of cloud technology; (iii) operational and execution risks, including those related to migration; and (iv) risks related to increased regulatory oversight and new compliance obligations. any failure by blackrock to manage these risks, and/or risks associated with future potential technology partnerships, may result in escalating costs, financial loss, client dissatisfaction or attrition, regulatory fines and/or sanctions, reputational harm or legal liability, which, in turn, may cause blackrock's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
disruption to the operations of third parties whose functions are integral to blackrock's exchange-traded fund ("etf") platform may adversely affect the prices at which etfs trade, particularly during periods of market volatility.
blackrock is the largest provider of etfs globally. shares of etfs trade on stock exchanges at prices at, above or below the etf's most recent net asset value ("nav"). the nav of an etf is calculated at the end of each business day and fluctuates with changes in the market value of the etf's holdings. the trading price of the etf's shares fluctuates continuously throughout trading hours. the creation/redemption feature and arbitrage mechanism of an etf are designed to make it more likely that the etf's shares normally will trade at prices close to the nav. notwithstanding these features, exchange prices have in the past deviated measurably from the nav of certain etfs and may under certain circumstances do so in the future. etf market prices are subject to numerous potential risks, including trading halts invoked by a stock exchange, and the inability or unwillingness of market makers, authorized participants, settlement systems or other market participants to perform functions necessary for an etf's arbitrage mechanism to function effectively. these risks may be heightened as a result of significant market volatility, the accelerating growth of the etf industry combined with increased market activity, as well as the complexity associated with the growing demand for product customization. although certain structural improvements have contributed to the increasing resilience, stability and transparency of etf markets, including during periods of volatility, and despite blackrock's continuing work with regulators and other third parties to implement additional etf reforms, there can be no assurance that any such reforms will be implemented in a timely or effective fashion, or at all. moreover, if market events lead to incidences where etfs trade at prices that deviate meaningfully from an etf's nav, or trading halts are invoked by the relevant stock exchange or market, investors may lose confidence in etf products and redeem their holdings, which may cause blackrock's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
legal, regulatory and reputational risks blackrock is subject to extensive regulation around the world.
blackrock's business is subject to extensive regulation around the world. these regulations subject blackrock's business activities to an array of increasingly detailed operational requirements, compliance with which is costly and complex. in addition, many of blackrock's legal entities may be subject to laws and regulations aimed at preventing corruption, money laundering, inappropriate employment practices, illegal payments and engaging in business activities with certain individuals, countries or groups, including but not limited to the us foreign corrupt practices act, the usa patriot act, the bank secrecy act, the uk bribery act, sanctions imposed by the us treasury's office of foreign assets control, the united nations and the european union ("eu") and its member states, as well as those imposed by other countries in which blackrock operates, such as her majesty's treasury's office of financial sanctions implementation. blackrock is also subject to certain risk retention rules and regulation, as well as regulatory capital requirements, which require the company to maintain capital to support certain of its businesses. furthermore, many jurisdictions in which blackrock operates have laws and regulations relating to data privacy, cybersecurity and protection of personal information, including the general data protection regulation, which expands data protection rules for individuals within the eu and for personal data exported outside the eu. blackrock is additionally subject to scrutiny from various government agencies that focus on antitrust and competition laws and regulations within the us and internationally, including in connection with merger control proceedings and proposed investments. any determination of a failure to comply with any such laws or regulations could result in fines and/or
26
sanctions against the company, as well as reputational harm. moreover, to the extent that these laws and regulations become more stringent, or if blackrock is required to hold increased levels of capital to support its businesses, the company's financial performance or plans for growth may be adversely impacted.
blackrock may also be adversely affected by a failure to comply with existing laws and regulations or by changes in the interpretation or enforcement of such laws and regulations, including those discussed above. challenges associated with interpreting regulations issued in numerous countries in a globally consistent manner may add to such risks, if regulators in different jurisdictions have inconsistent views or provide only limited regulatory guidance. in particular, violation of applicable laws or regulations could result in fines and/or sanctions, temporary or permanent prohibition of certain activities, reputational harm and related client terminations, suspensions of employees or revocation of their licenses, suspension or termination of investment adviser, broker-dealer or other registrations, or suspension or termination of blackrock's bank charter or other sanctions, which could have a material adverse effect on blackrock's reputation or business and may cause the company's aum, revenue and earnings to decline. for a more extensive discussion of the laws, regulations and regulators to which blackrock is subject and regulated by, see item 1, business - regulation.
regulatory reforms in the united states expose blackrock to increasing regulatory scrutiny, as well as regulatory uncertainty.
in recent years a number of regulatory reforms have been proposed or fully or partially implemented in the united states, and the level of regulatory scrutiny to which blackrock is subject has increased. blackrock, as well as its clients, vendors and distributors, have expended resources and altered certain of their business or operating activities to prepare for, address and meet the requirements that such regulatory reforms impose. while blackrock is, or may become, subject to numerous reform initiatives in the united states, see item 1, business - regulation, key regulatory reforms that may impact the company include:
•   designation as a systemically important financial institution ("sifi"): the financial stability oversight council ("fsoc") has the authority to designate nonbank financial institutions as sifis in the united states under the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act of 2010. in july 2014, the fsoc pivoted from its previous entity-specific approach to designation and indicated that it would focus on a products and activities-based approach to designation in connection with addressing potential risks in the financial system related to asset management. in december 2019, the fsoc re-affirmed this approach when it voted to change its methodology for assessing financial stability to a products and activities-based approach. this reduces the risk of an entity-level designation, however it remains too early to predict the direction of the forthcoming regulatory environment and the fsoc retains the authority to designate an entity if an activities-based approach does not adequately address potential risks. in the event that blackrock is designated as a sifi, it could become subject to enhanced regulatory requirements and direct supervision by the federal reserve.

•   federal trade commission proposal: in september 2020, the federal trade commission ("ftc") released a notice of proposed rulemaking proposing updates to premerger notification rules enacted under the hart-scott-rodino antitrust improvements act of 1976 ("hsr") that require parties to certain transactions to provide the ftc and the antitrust division of the department of justice prior notice and observe a waiting period before consummation of such transactions. the proposals would: (i) require that investors aggregate holdings in an issuer across all associated funds when assessing hsr filing and exemption thresholds and (ii) create a new exemption for acquisitions resulting in aggregate holdings of up to 10% of an issuer, which would be unavailable to investors holding interests of more than 1% in competing firms. if enacted as drafted, the proposal requiring aggregation across associated funds could, absent exemptions for index-funds or certain types of registered funds, substantially increase blackrock's pre-merger notification obligations, which may be costly, impair funds' ability to trade freely, require the implementation of monitoring tools and introduce additional compliance burdens for both blackrock and the companies in which it invests. in instances where making a pre-merger notification may not be practicable, the proposed changes may serve to limit the size of blackrock's aggregate position in certain issuers.

•   securities and exchange commission ("sec") rulemakings for us registered funds and investment advisers: the sec and its staff recently have engaged in various initiatives and reviews that seek to improve and modernize the regulatory structure governing the asset management industry, and registered investment companies in particular. these efforts relate to, among other things, embedded leverage through the use of derivatives and other trading practices, cybersecurity, liquidity, enhanced regulatory and public reporting requirements and the evaluation of systemic risks. over the past year, the sec has adopted rules that include among other things: (i) the regulation of the use of derivatives; (ii) a new regulatory framework for fund of funds structures; and (iii) updated eligibility requirements for submitting shareholder proposals under the securities exchange act of 1934, as amended. these rules, and any additional rules or regulatory initiatives resulting from the sec's efforts, may increase blackrock's regulatory compliance requirements as well as disclosure requirements, which could be costly and may impede blackrock's growth.

•   standards of conduct rulemaking: in june 2019, the sec adopted a package of rulemakings and interpretations addressing investment adviser and broker-dealer standards of conduct. the package included new rules requiring registered advisers and registered broker-dealers to provide a relationship summary to retail investors, a new rule establishing a standard of conduct for broker-dealers when making recommendations to retail customers, and two new interpretations under the investment advisers act of 1940. these rulemakings and interpretations could increase blackrock's disclosure obligations, impact distribution arrangements between blackrock and its distribution partners, create compliance and operational challenges for blackrock's distribution partners and limit blackrock's ability to provide certain other services to its clients.

•   money market reform: following market liquidity issues that arose in march 2020 in connection with the spread of the covid-19 pandemic, regulatory authorities are focused on the need for further regulation for certain money market funds. in december 2020, the president's working group on financial markets issued a report outlining ten potential policy measures for consideration to improve the resiliency of money market funds and the broader short-term funding markets. although it remains too early to accurately predict the forthcoming regulatory environment, including with respect to regulation of money market funds, certain of these reforms, if ever adopted, could significantly impact money market funds and the money market fund industry.

27
regulatory reforms in the united states could require blackrock to alter its future business or operating activities, which could be costly, impede the company's growth and cause its aum, revenue and earnings to decline. regulatory reform may also impact blackrock's banking, insurance company and pension fund clients, which could cause them to change their investment strategies or allocations in manners that may be adverse to blackrock.
international regulatory reforms expose blackrock and its clients to increasing regulatory scrutiny, as well as regulatory uncertainty.
blackrock's business and operating activities are subject to increasing regulatory oversight outside of the united states and the company may be affected by a number of proposed or fully or partially implemented reform initiatives in emea and the asia-pacific region, as well as volatility associated with international regulatory uncertainty, including:
•   british exit from the eu: on december 31, 2020, the united kingdom ("uk") left the eu, and the uk and eu reverted to being distinct regulatory, legal and customs territories. although an "eu-uk trade and cooperation agreement" was agreed to in connection with the uk's departure from the eu, it does not include any substantive provisions with respect to financial services. as a result, from january 1, 2021, cross-border financial services trade between the uk and the eu will be governed by their respective financial services regulations and market access regimes. blackrock has implemented a number of steps to prepare for this outcome. these steps, which are and have been time consuming and costly and may add complexity to blackrock's future european operations, include effecting organizational, governance and operational changes, applying for and receiving additional licenses and permissions in the eu, and engaging in client communications. in addition, depending on how the future relationship between the uk and the eu develops, blackrock may experience further organizational and operational challenges and incur additional costs in connection with its european operations, particularly with regards to delegation and outsourcing, which may impede the company's growth or impact its financial performance.

•   uk overseas funds regime: as part of its post-eu membership regulatory review, the financial conduct authority ("fca") is reviewing the requirements it will impose on eu-domiciled funds offered into the uk. any new requirements could introduce cost and complexity to blackrock's cross-border business model.

•   enhanced regulatory scrutiny of technology service providers to financial services firms: there has been growing regulatory scrutiny of technology service providers on which financial services firms are reliant, including the digital operational resilience act ("dora"), which was proposed by the ec in september 2020 and focuses on direct regulation of providers and users of technology and data services. if enacted as proposed, dora may, among other things: (i) introduce additional governance, risk management, incident reporting, testing and information sharing requirements to a number of blackrock's european entities and certain aladdin clients; and (ii) subject aladdin to broad additional oversight. separately, in november 2020, the financial stability board released a consultation on regulatory and supervisory issues relating to outsourcing and third-party relationships, which explores direct supervision of technology service providers to financial services firms, in addition to detailing concerns around the potential for systemic risk in the provision of such services.

•   macroprudential policies for asset managers: certain policymakers continue to raise long-standing concerns about liquidity and leverage risks in the asset management industry and wider market-based finance sector. the covid-19 pandemic has heightened concerns and prompted a broad review of existing financial market regulations by international standard setters and regulators across the americas, europe and asia, including an assessment of the adequacy of certain structural components of current markets in mitigating risks. in the event that either the longer-standing concerns or recent broad review result in regulatory or policy action, macroprudential tools may begin to apply to open-ended investment funds broadly. blackrock may also be required to make changes to structural features of certain open-ended investment funds. either eventuality could limit blackrock's ability to offer products to certain clients and/or result in clients altering their investment strategies or allocations in a manner that is adverse to blackrock.

•   revised capital requirements for investment firms: in december 2017, the european commission ("ec") published a proposal for a new directive and regulation on prudential requirements for markets in financial instruments directive investment firms. the proposal passed the eu legislative process and the final texts of the regulation and directive were published in december 2019. the new legislative package, which comes into effect in 2021, will result in changes to the amount of regulatory capital blackrock is required to hold in the eu and how such capital is calculated, as well as introduce revised disclosure obligations for large investment firms. the uk is also proposing the adoption of comparable rules, which will apply to uk-based investment firms from 2022.

•   eu market access: in 2019, the ec commenced a review of the alternative investment fund managers directive to assess, among other things, the conditions for delegating portfolio management mandates to third countries, the effectiveness of regulation on third country fund marketing passports and the continuation of national private placement regimes. to the extent the review results in formal legislation that limits the scope of existing permitted activities and eu market access rights for asset management firms with non-eu operations, or extends more stringent rules to the directive on undertakings for collective investment in transferable securities ("ucits"), blackrock's ability to offer collective investment funds and certain investment services to eu-based clients may be adversely affected.

•   senior managers and certification regime: in the uk, the fca extended the senior managers and certification regime ("smcr") to all financial services firms in december 2019. the regime imposes greater accountability and responsibility across the senior management of uk financial services firms by making individuals in impacted firms more accountable for conduct and competence. smcr impacts nearly all staff of the company in the uk, and requires extensive documentation to support senior managers and evidence the discharge of their responsibilities.

•   uk asset management market study: the fca has adopted requirements for uk fund managers to assess whether the retail collective investments they manage offer "value" to investors. in 2020, the company initiated the provision of an annual assessment based upon various factors including cost, performance and comparable services. if "value" has not been provided to consumers, the company will need to address any identified deficiencies. the fca also requested that the uk's competition and markets authority ("cma") assess the investment consultant and fiduciary markets. the cma's final report identified a number of competition

28
issues in such markets and the uk regulatory regime was revised in 2020 to introduce mandatory tendering of investment consultancy and fiduciary management services, and new standards of disclosure of fees and performance. the cma's remedies could have a significant impact on the company's ability to enter into fiduciary and investment management mandates with uk pension fund clients.

•   sustainability regulation: in 2018, the ec introduced a number of regulatory proposals to underpin sustainable investment products; require disclosure of sustainability-related information by market participants, investments products, and issuers; and require the integration of sustainability considerations into the investment and risk management processes of asset managers and other institutional investors. rules arising from the reform proposals will take effect in march 2021. regulators in asia have been similarly focused on sustainability reform initiatives. in december 2020, the monetary authority of singapore finalized its guidelines on environmental risk management for the asset management industry. the guidelines set forth enhanced environmental risk assessment, monitoring and oversight practices that certain funds registered or licensed in singapore will be required to implement over an 18-month transition period. the hong kong securities and futures commission proposed similar enhancements to sustainability risk management practices and disclosure requirements for funds in a consultation paper it issued in october 2020.

•   securities financing transaction regulation ("sftr"): in november 2015, the eu introduced a regulation on the reporting and transparency of securities financing transactions and total return swaps. the sftr aims to improve the transparency surrounding securities financing transactions and total return swaps by, among other things, requiring reporting of securities financing transactions to a trade repository and requiring disclosure of the use of securities financing transactions and total return swaps to investors. during 2020, additional obligations became effective under the sftr that require blackrock to submit additional transaction reports with substantive details of trading activity to authorities. compliance with the sftr may subject blackrock to additional expenses and could lead to modifications in blackrock's securities financing transaction activities.

•   central securities depository regulation: a settlement discipline regime introduced by the central securities depository regulation will become effective in february 2022. the regime includes measures to address settlement failures including rules for trade allocation and confirmation processing, along with cash penalties for failed transactions and mandatory buy-in requirements. to the extent left unchanged by a review that is scheduled to take place during 2021, the regime will require blackrock to introduce operational mechanisms to facilitate the mandatory buy-in of securities in instances where the seller fails to deliver securities in a timely manner which, if not complied with, may subject blackrock to penalty.

international regulatory reforms could require blackrock to alter its future business or operating activities, which could be time-consuming and costly, impede the company's growth and cause its aum, revenue and earnings to decline. regulatory reform may also impact blackrock's internationally-based clients, which could cause them to change their investment strategies or allocations in manners that may be adverse to blackrock.
legal proceedings may cause the company's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
blackrock is subject to a number of sources of potential legal liability and the company, certain of the investment funds it manages and certain of its subsidiaries and employees have been named as defendants in various legal actions, including arbitrations, class actions and other litigation arising in connection with blackrock's activities. certain of blackrock's subsidiaries and employees are also subject to periodic examination, special inquiries and potential proceedings by regulatory authorities, including the securities and exchange commission, office of the comptroller of the currency ("occ"), department of labor, commodity futures trading commission, financial conduct authority, commission de surveillance du secteur financial and federal reserve. similarly, from time to time, blackrock receives subpoenas or other requests for information from various us and non-us governmental and regulatory authorities in connection with certain industry-wide, company-specific or other investigations, proceedings or litigations. these examinations, inquiries and proceedings have in the past and could in the future, if compliance failures or other violations are found, cause the relevant governmental or regulatory authority to institute proceedings and/or impose sanctions for violations. any such action may also result in litigation by investors in blackrock's funds, other blackrock clients or blackrock's shareholders, which could harm the company's reputation and may cause its aum, revenue and earnings to decline, potentially harm the investment returns of the applicable fund, or result in the company being liable for damages.
in addition, when clients retain blackrock to manage their assets or provide them with products or services, they typically specify contractual requirements or guidelines that blackrock must observe in the provision of its services. a failure to comply with these guidelines or requirements could expose blackrock to lawsuits, harm its reputation or cause clients to withdraw assets or terminate contracts.
damage to blackrock's reputation may harm its business.
blackrock's reputation is critical to its relationships with its clients, employees, shareholders and business partners. blackrock's reputation may be harmed by, among other factors, regulatory or enforcement actions, technology or operational failures, poor investment performance, ineffective management or monitoring of key third-party relationships, cyber-security or other privacy incidents, employee errors or misconduct, a failure to manage environmental, social, and governance risks, or a failure to manage conflicts of interest. in addition, blackrock's business, scale and investments subject it to significant media coverage and increasing attention from a broad range of stakeholders. this heightened scrutiny has resulted in negative publicity for blackrock in the past and may do so in the future. in addition, the increasing popularity of social media and non-mainstream internet news sources may lead to faster and wider dissemination of any adverse publicity or inaccurate information about blackrock, making effective remediation more difficult. damage to blackrock's reputation may impact blackrock's ability to attract and retain clients, employees, shareholders and business partners, which may cause its aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
a failure to effectively manage potential conflicts of interest could result in litigation or enforcement actions and/or adversely affect blackrock's business and reputation, which may cause blackrock's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
as a global investment management firm that provides investment and technology services to a diverse range of clients, the company must routinely address and manage conflicts of interest, as well as the perception of conflicts of interest, between itself and its clients, employees or vendors. while blackrock has policies, controls and disclosure protocols in place to manage and address potential conflicts of interest, identifying and mitigating conflicts of interest can be complex and is the subject of increasing regulatory and media scrutiny. it is possible that
29
actual, potential or perceived conflicts could give rise to investor or client dissatisfaction, adverse publicity, litigation or enforcement actions. in particular, blackrock's broad range of investment, advisory and technology offerings, and its focus on providing clients with whole portfolio solutions, may result in clients working with multiple blackrock businesses and/or blackrock being engaged by institutions that have a nexus to industries or jurisdictions in which blackrock operates, which may increase the potential for actual or perceived conflicts of interest and improper information sharing. to the extent that blackrock fails, or appears to fail, to deal appropriately with any conflict of interest, it may face adverse publicity, reputational damage, litigation, regulatory proceedings, client attrition, penalties, fines and/or sanctions, any of which may cause blackrock's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
blackrock is subject to us banking regulations that may limit its business activities.
blackrock's trust bank subsidiary, which is a national banking association chartered by the occ, is subject to occ regulation and capital requirements. the occ has broad supervisory and enforcement authority over blackrock's trust bank. being subject to banking regulation may put blackrock at a competitive disadvantage because certain of its competitors are not subject to these limitations.
the implications of complying with threshold limits and/or any failure to comply with ownership reporting requirements could result in harm to blackrock's reputation, impact the performance of certain blackrock funds and may cause its aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
of note among the various international regulations to which blackrock is subject are the extensive and increasingly stringent regulatory reporting requirements that necessitate the monitoring and reporting of issuer exposure levels (thresholds) across the holdings of managed funds and accounts and those of the company. the specific triggers and the reporting methods that these threshold filings entail vary significantly by regulator and across jurisdictions. blackrock continues to invest in technology, training and its employees to further enhance its monitoring and reporting functions. despite these investments, the complexity of the various threshold reporting requirements combined with the breadth of the assets managed by the company and high volume of securities trading have caused errors and omissions to occur in the past, and pose a risk that errors or omissions may occur in the future. any such errors may expose blackrock to monetary penalties or other sanctions, which could have an adverse effect on blackrock's reputation and may cause its aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
moreover, as blackrock's business grows it is becoming subject to a greater number of regulatory, industry-level or issuer-specific threshold limits that may prevent blackrock from holding positions in certain equity securities, securities convertible into equity securities or futures contracts in excess of certain thresholds. although blackrock is actively engaged in regulatory, issuer-specific and structural initiatives to create additional investment capacity, threshold limits may nonetheless prevent the purchase of certain securities which may, in turn, impact the performance of certain blackrock index funds by increasing tracking error relative to the funds' benchmarks and impact the performance of certain blackrock actively managed funds by preventing them from taking advantage of alpha generating opportunities.
blackrock has been the subject of commentary citing concerns about index investing and common ownership.
as a leader in the index investing and asset management industry, blackrock has been the subject of commentary citing concerns about the growth of index investing, as well as perceived competition issues associated with asset managers managing stakes in multiple companies within certain industries, known as "common ownership". the commentators argue that index funds have the potential to distort investment flows, create stock price bubbles, or conversely, exacerbate a decline in market prices. additional commentary focuses on competition issues associated with common ownership and purports to link aggregated equity positions in certain concentrated industries with higher consumer prices and executive compensation, among other things. in the us, the ftc during 2018 held hearings on competition and consumer protection in the 21st century, which included a discussion of common ownership, and in 2020, common ownership was cited as a disqualifying factor in a newly proposed exemption from the ftc's pre-merger notification rules. common ownership was also cited as a consideration underlying the ftc's consultation on the rules that apply to acquisitions of voting securities by investment entities. although the ftc acknowledged that the common ownership debate remains unsettled, it is expected that common ownership may be given greater consideration in connection with ftc rule proposals, policy decisions and/or the scrutiny of mergers. in the eu, both the ec and the european parliament released reports in 2020 on common ownership. neither report took a position that common ownership had an adverse impact on competition. it is expected that common ownership will continue to be a focus for the ec, among others, including in the assessment of mergers and investigations. there is substantial literature highlighting the benefits of index investing, as well as casting doubt on the assumptions, data, methodology and conclusions associated with common ownership arguments. nevertheless, some commentators have proposed remedies, including limits on stakes managed by asset managers that, if enacted into policy, could have a negative impact on the capital markets, increase transaction costs and limit the availability of products for investors. this may, in turn, adversely affect blackrock.
new tax legislation or changes to existing us and non-us tax laws, treaties and regulations or challenges to blackrock's historical taxation practices may adversely affect blackrock's effective tax rate, business and overall financial condition.
blackrock's businesses may be directly or indirectly affected by tax legislation and regulation, or the modification of existing tax laws, by us or non-us tax authorities. in the us, legislation at both the federal and state level has been previously proposed to enact a financial transaction tax ("ftt") on stocks, bonds and a broad range of financial instruments and derivative transactions. in the eu, certain member states have also enacted similar ftts and the ec has proposed legislation to harmonize these taxes and provide for the adoption of eu-level legislation applicable to some (but not all) eu member states. if enacted as proposed, ftts could have an adverse effect on blackrock's financial results and clients' performance results.
the application of tax regulations involves numerous uncertainties, and in the normal course of business us and non-us tax authorities may review and challenge tax positions adopted by blackrock. these challenges may result in adjustments to, or impact the timing or amount of, taxable income, deductions or other tax allocations, which may adversely affect blackrock's effective tax rate and overall financial condition. similarly, the company manages assets in products and accounts that have investment objectives which may conform to tax positions adopted by blackrock or to specific tax rules. to the extent there are changes in tax law or policy, or regulatory challenges to tax positions adopted by blackrock, the value or attractiveness of such investments may be diminished and blackrock may suffer financial or reputational harm.
30
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations forward-looking statements this report, and other statements that blackrock may make, may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act, with respect to blackrock's future financial or business performance, strategies or expectations. forward-looking statements are typically identified by words or phrases such as "trend," "potential," "opportunity," "pipeline," "believe," "comfortable," "expect," "anticipate," "current," "intention," "estimate," "position," "assume," "outlook," "continue," "remain," "maintain," "sustain," "seek," "achieve," and similar expressions, or future or conditional verbs such as "will," "would," "should," "could," "may" and similar expressions.
blackrock cautions that forward-looking statements are subject to numerous assumptions, risks and uncertainties, which change over time. forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and blackrock assumes no duty to and does not undertake to update forward-looking statements. actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in forward-looking statements and future results could differ materially from historical performance.
blackrock has previously disclosed risk factors in its securities and exchange commission ("sec") reports. these risk factors and those identified elsewhere in this report, among others, could cause actual results to differ materially from forward-looking statements or historical performance and include: (1) a pandemic or health crisis, including the covid-19 pandemic, and its continued impact on financial institutions, the global economy or capital markets, as well as blackrock's products, clients, vendors and employees, and blackrock's results of operations, the full extent of which may be unknown; (2) the introduction, withdrawal, success and timing of business initiatives and strategies; (3) changes and volatility in political, economic or industry conditions, the interest rate environment, foreign exchange rates or financial and capital markets, which could result in changes in demand for products or services or in the value of assets under management ("aum"); (4) the relative and absolute investment performance of blackrock's investment products; (5) blackrock's ability to develop new products and services that address client preferences; (6) the impact of increased competition; (7) the impact of future acquisitions or divestitures; (8) blackrock's ability to integrate acquired businesses successfully; (9) the unfavorable resolution of legal proceedings; (10) the extent and timing of any share repurchases; (11) the impact, extent and timing of technological changes and the adequacy of intellectual property, information and cyber security protection; (12) attempts to circumvent blackrock's operational control environment or the potential for human error in connection with blackrock's operational systems; (13) the impact of legislative and regulatory actions and reforms and regulatory, supervisory or enforcement actions of government agencies relating to blackrock; (14) changes in law and policy and uncertainty pending any such changes; (15) any failure to effectively manage conflicts of interest; (16) damage to blackrock's reputation; (17) terrorist activities, civil unrest, international hostilities and natural disasters, which may adversely affect the general economy, domestic and local financial and capital markets, specific industries or blackrock; (18) the ability to attract and retain highly talented professionals; (19) fluctuations in the carrying value of blackrock's economic investments; (20) the impact of changes to tax legislation, including income, payroll and transaction taxes, and taxation on products or transactions, which could affect the value proposition to clients and, generally, the tax position of the company; (21) blackrock's success in negotiating distribution arrangements and maintaining distribution channels for its products; (22) the failure by a key vendor of blackrock to fulfill its obligations to the company; (23) operational, technological and regulatory risks associated with blackrock's major technology partnerships; (24) any disruption to the operations of third parties whose functions are integral to blackrock's exchange-traded funds ("etf") platform; (25) the impact of blackrock electing to provide support to its products from time to time and any potential liabilities related to securities lending or other indemnification obligations; and (26) the impact of problems at other financial institutions or the failure or negative performance of products at other financial institutions.
overview blackrock, inc. (together, with its subsidiaries, unless the context otherwise indicates, "blackrock" or the "company") is a leading publicly traded investment management firm with $8.68 trillion of aum at december 31, 2020. with approximately 16,500 employees in more than 30 countries, blackrock provides a broad range of investment and technology services to institutional and retail clients in more than 100 countries across the globe. for further information see note 1, business overview, and note 27, segment information, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements contained in part ii, item 8.
the following discussion includes a comparison of blackrock's results for 2020 and 2019. for a discussion of blackrock's results for 2018 and a comparison of results for 2019 and 2018, see item 7, management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, of the company's annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2019, which was filed with the sec on february 28, 2020.
on may 15, 2020, a subsidiary of the pnc financial services group, inc. ("pnc") completed the secondary offering of 31,628,573 shares of the company's common stock at a price of $420 per share, which included 823,188 shares of common stock issued upon the conversion of the company's series b convertible participating preferred stock and 2,875,325 shares of common stock under the fully exercised underwriters' option to purchase additional shares. also on may 15, 2020, pnc completed the sale of 2,650,857 shares to the company at a price of $414.96 per share. the shares repurchased by the company were in addition to the share repurchase authorization under the company's existing share repurchase program. the secondary offering and the company's share repurchase resulted in pnc's exit of its entire ownership position in the company.
certain prior period presentations and disclosures, while not required to be recast, were reclassified to ensure comparability with current period classifications.
33
united kingdom exit from european union on december 31, 2020, the united kingdom ("uk") left the european union ("eu"), and the uk and eu reverted to being distinct regulatory, legal and customs territories. although an "eu-uk trade and cooperation agreement" was agreed to in connection with the uk's departure from the eu, it does not include any substantive provisions with respect to financial services. as a result, from january 1, 2021, cross-border financial services trade between the uk and the eu will be governed by their respective financial services regulations and market access regimes. blackrock has implemented a number of steps to prepare for this outcome. these steps, which are and have been time consuming and costly and may add complexity to blackrock's future european operations, include effecting organizational, governance and operational changes, applying for and receiving additional licenses and permissions in the eu, and engaging in client communications. in addition, depending on how the future relationship between the uk and the eu develops, blackrock may experience further organizational and operational challenges and incur additional costs in connection with its european operations, particularly with regards to delegation and outsourcing, which may impede the company's growth or impact its financial performance.
other development on february 13, 2020, blackrock announced the establishment of the blackrock foundation (the "foundation") and the contribution of its remaining 20% stake in pennymac financial services, inc. ("pennymac") to the foundation and the blackrock charitable fund, which blackrock established in 2013 (together, the "charitable contribution"). the charitable contribution resulted in an operating expense of $589 million, which was offset by a $122 million noncash, nonoperating pre-tax gain on the contributed shares and a tax benefit of $241 million in the consolidated statement of income for the year ended december 31, 2020. the charitable contribution provides long-term funding for blackrock's philanthropic investments and partnerships. the general and administration expense, nonoperating gain and associated tax benefit related to the charitable contribution have been excluded from as adjusted results.
business outlook blackrock's framework for long-term value creation is predicated on generating differentiated organic growth, leveraging scale to increase operating margins over time, and returning capital to shareholders on a consistent basis. blackrock's diversified platform, in terms of style, product, client and geography, enables it to generate more stable cash flows through market cycles, positioning blackrock to invest for the long-term by striking an appropriate balance between investing for future growth and prudent discretionary expense management.
the covid-19 pandemic continues to result in governmental authorities taking numerous measures to contain the spread and impact of covid-19, such as travel bans and restrictions, quarantines, shelter in place orders, and limitations on business activity, including closures. these measures may continue to, among other things, severely restrict global economic activity, which can disrupt supply chains, lower asset valuations, significantly increase unemployment and underemployment levels, decrease liquidity in markets for certain securities and cause significant volatility and disruption in the financial markets.
towards the end of the first quarter of 2020 the pandemic began to impact blackrock's business. while global markets have significantly recovered since then, the effects of the pandemic are ongoing, and such impact may continue in future quarters if conditions persist or worsen.
the aggregate extent to which covid-19, and the related global economic crisis, affect blackrock's business, results of operations and financial condition, will depend on future developments that are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including the scope and duration of the pandemic and any recovery period, future actions taken by governmental authorities, central banks and other third parties (including new financial regulation and other regulatory reform) in response to the pandemic, and the effects on blackrock's products, clients, vendors and employees. see part i, item 1a - risk factors herein for information on the possible future effects of the covid-19 pandemic on our results.
in addition, although the forthcoming environment remains uncertain, blackrock's business may be impacted by governmental changes, as well as potential regulations, foreign and trade policies and fiscal spending that may arise as a result of such changes.
blackrock's investment management revenue is primarily comprised of fees earned as a percentage of aum and, in some cases, performance fees, which are normally expressed as a percentage of fund returns to the client. numerous factors, including price movements in the equity, debt or currency markets, or in the price of real assets, commodities or alternative investments in which blackrock invests on behalf of clients, could impact blackrock's aum, revenue and earnings.
blackrock is currently voluntarily waiving a portion of its management fees on certain money market funds to ensure that they maintain a minimum level of daily net investment income. these waivers result in a reduction of management fees, a portion of which is partially offset by a reduction of blackrock's distribution and servicing costs paid to financial intermediaries. blackrock has provided voluntary yield support waivers in prior periods and may increase or decrease the level of fee waivers in future periods.
blackrock manages $4.4 trillion of equity assets across markets globally. beta divergence between equity markets, where certain markets perform differently than others, may lead to an increase in the proportion of blackrock aum weighted toward lower fee equity products, resulting in a decline in blackrock's effective fee rate. divergent market factors may also erode the correlation between the growth rates of aum and investment advisory, administration fees and securities lending revenue (collectively "base fees").
blackrock's highly diversified multi-product platform was created to meet client needs in all market environments. blackrock is positioned to provide alpha-seeking active, index and cash management investment strategies across asset classes and geographies. in addition, blackrock leverages its world-class risk management, analytics and technology capabilities, including the aladdin platform, on behalf of clients. blackrock serves a diverse mix of institutional and retail clients across the globe, including investors in ishares etfs, maintaining differentiated client relationships and a fiduciary focus. the diversity of blackrock's platform facilitates the generation of organic growth in various market environments, and as client preferences evolve. client demand continues for etfs and illiquid alternatives, which are two areas of focus for blackrock.
the index investing industry has been growing rapidly - with etfs as a major beneficiary - driven by structural tailwinds including the migration from commission-based to fee-based wealth management, clients' focus on value for money, the use of etfs as alpha tools and the growth of all-to-all networked trading. ishares etfs' growth strategy is centered on increasing scale and pursuing global growth themes in client and
34
product segments, including core, strategic, which includes fixed income, factors, sustainable and megatrends etfs, and precision exposures.
as the wealth management landscape shifts globally from individual product selection to a whole-portfolio approach, blackrock's retail strategy is focused on creating outcome-oriented client solutions. this includes having a diverse platform of alpha-seeking active, index and alternative products, as well as enhanced distribution and portfolio construction technology offerings. digital wealth tools are an important component of blackrock's retail strategy, as blackrock scales and customizes model portfolios, extends aladdin wealth and digital wealth partnerships globally, and helps advisors build better portfolios through portfolio construction and risk management, powered by aladdin. in february 2021, blackrock acquired aperio, a pioneer in customizing tax-optimized index equity smas, to enhance our wealth platform and provide whole-portfolio solutions to ultra-high net worth advisors. by combining aperio with blackrock's existing sma franchise, the company plans to expand the breadth of personalization capabilities available to wealth managers from blackrock via tax-managed strategies across factors, broad market indexing, and investor environmental, social, and governance preferences across all asset classes.
blackrock continues to invest in technology services offerings, which enhance the ability to manage portfolios and risk, effectively serve clients and operate efficiently. anticipated industry consolidation and regulatory requirements should continue to drive demand for holistic and flexible technology solutions. blackrock's aladdin platform provides clients with an ability to manage portfolios and risk across public and private asset classes on a single platform.
across blackrock, more clients are focusing on the impact of sustainability on their portfolios. this shift has been driven by an increased understanding of how sustainability-related factors can affect economic growth, asset values, and financial markets as a whole. as a fiduciary, blackrock is committed to helping clients build more resilient portfolios. since sustainable investment options have the potential to offer clients better outcomes, the company is making sustainability integral to the way blackrock manages risk, constructs portfolios, designs products, and engages with companies. over the past several years, blackrock has been deepening the integration of sustainability into technology, risk management, and product choice across blackrock, and plans to accelerate those efforts.
35
executive summary
(in millions, except shares and per share data)                                2020                          2019

gaap basis:
total revenue                                                                                          $16,205                       $14,539
total expense                                                                                           10,510                         8,988
operating income                                                                                        $5,695                        $5,551
operating margin                                                                                          35.1   %                      38.2   %
nonoperating income (expense), less net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling                       475                           186
interests income tax expense                                                                                      (1,238   )                    (1,261   )
net income attributable to blackrock                                                                    $4,932                        $4,476
diluted earnings per common share                                                                       $31.85                        $28.43
effective tax rate                                                                                        20.1   %                      22.0   %
as adjusted(1):
operating income                                                                                        $6,284                        $5,551
operating margin                                                                                          44.9   %                      43.7   %
nonoperating income (expense), less net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling                      $353                          $186
interests net income attributable to blackrock                                                                    $5,237                        $4,484
diluted earnings per common share                                                                       $33.82                        $28.48
effective tax rate                                                                                        21.1   %                      21.9   %
other:
assets under management (end of period)                                                             $8,676,680                    $7,429,633
diluted weighted-average common shares outstanding(2)                                              154,840,582                   157,459,546
shares outstanding (end of period)                                                                 152,532,885                   155,198,968
book value per share(3)                                                                                $231.31                       $216.15
cash dividends declared and paid per share                                                              $14.52                        $13.20
(1)   as adjusted items are described in more detail in non-gaap financial measures.

(2)   nonvoting participating preferred shares are considered to be common stock equivalents for purposes of determining basic and diluted earnings per share calculations. as of december 31, 2020, there were no shares of preferred stock outstanding.

(3)   total blackrock stockholders' equity, divided by total shares outstanding at december 31 of the respective year-end.

2020 compared with 2019
gaap.  operating income of $5,695 million increased $144 million and operating margin of 35.1% decreased 310 bps from 2019. operating income and operating margin reflected higher base fees, performance fees and technology services revenue, which were more than offset by higher expense, including the impact of $589 million related to the charitable contribution, higher compensation and benefits expense, and higher product launch costs in 2020. product launch costs in 2020 included $87 million and $83 million associated with the close of the $2.3 billion blackrock health sciences trust ii and the $2 billion blackrock capital allocation trust, respectively. product launch costs for 2019 included $61 million associated with the close of the $1.4 billion blackrock science and technology trust ii.
nonoperating income (expense), less net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests ("nci"), increased $289 million from 2019 driven by the impact of a pre-tax gain of approximately $240 million in connection with a recapitalization of icapital network, inc. ("icapital") and $122 million pre-tax gain related to the charitable contribution, partially offset by lower mark-to-market gains on un-hedged seed capital investments and lower interest income.
income tax expense for 2020 included a discrete tax benefit of $241 million recognized in connection with the charitable contribution, partially offset by a noncash net expense of approximately $79 million associated with the revaluation of certain deferred income tax assets and liabilities related to the legislation enacted in the united kingdom increasing its corporate tax rate and state and local income tax changes. income tax expense for 2020 also included $139 million of net discrete tax benefits, including benefits related to changes in the company's organizational entity structure and stock-based compensation awards. income tax expense for 2019 included $28 million of discrete tax benefits, primarily related to stock-based compensation awards.
diluted earnings per common share increased $3.42, or 12%, from 2019, reflecting higher revenue and nonoperating income and a lower diluted share count, partially offset by the impact of the charitable contribution and higher product launch costs for 2020.
as adjusted.  operating income of $6,284 million increased $733 million and operating margin of 44.9% increased 120 bps from 2019. diluted earnings per common share increased $5.34, or 19%, from 2019, primarily due to higher operating and nonoperating income and a lower diluted share count in 2020. the financial impact related to the charitable contribution and the noncash net tax expense associated with the revaluation of certain deferred income tax assets and liabilities described above has been excluded from as adjusted results.
see non-gaap financial measures for further information on as adjusted items.
for further discussion of blackrock's revenue, expense, nonoperating results and income tax expense, see discussion of financial results herein.
36
non-gaap financial measures blackrock reports its financial results in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states ("gaap"); however, management believes evaluating the company's ongoing operating results may be enhanced if investors have additional non-gaap financial measures. management reviews non-gaap financial measures to assess ongoing operations and considers them to be helpful, for both management and investors, in evaluating blackrock's financial performance over time. management also uses non-gaap financial measures as a benchmark to compare its performance with other companies and to enhance the comparability of this information for the reporting periods presented. non-gaap measures may pose limitations because they do not include all of blackrock's revenue and expense. blackrock's management does not advocate that investors consider such non-gaap financial measures in isolation from, or as a substitute for, financial information prepared in accordance with gaap. non-gaap measures may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures of other companies.
management uses both gaap and non-gaap financial measures in evaluating blackrock's financial performance. adjustments to gaap financial measures ("non-gaap adjustments") include certain items management deems nonrecurring or that occur infrequently, transactions that ultimately will not impact blackrock's book value or certain tax items that do not impact cash flow.
computations for all periods are derived from the consolidated statements of income as follows:
(1) operating income, as adjusted, and operating margin, as adjusted:
(in millions)                              2020                   2019

operating income, gaap basis                                       $5,695                 $5,551
non-gaap expense adjustments:
charitable contribution                                               589                      -
operating income, as adjusted                                       6,284                  5,551
product launch costs and commissions                                  172                     61
operating income used for operating margin measurement             $6,456                 $5,612
revenue, gaap basis                                               $16,205                $14,539
non-gaap adjustments:
distribution fees                                                  (1,131   )             (1,069   )
investment advisory fees                                             (704   )               (616   )
revenue used for operating margin measurement                     $14,370                $12,854
operating margin, gaap basis                                         35.1   %               38.2   %
operating margin, as adjusted                                        44.9   %               43.7   %
management believes operating income, as adjusted, and operating margin, as adjusted, are effective indicators of blackrock's financial performance over time and, therefore, provide useful disclosure to investors. management believes that operating margin, as adjusted, reflects the company's long-term ability to manage ongoing costs in relation to its revenues. the company uses operating margin, as adjusted, to assess the company's financial performance and to determine the long-term and annual compensation of the company's senior-level employees. furthermore, this metric is used to evaluate the company's relative performance against industry peers, as it eliminates margin variability arising from the accounting of revenues and expenses related to distributing different product structures in multiple distribution channels utilized by asset managers.
•   operating income, as adjusted, includes non-gaap expense adjustments. in 2020, the charitable contribution expense of $589 million has been excluded from operating income, as adjusted, due to its nonrecurring nature.

•   operating income used for measuring operating margin, as adjusted, is equal to operating income, as adjusted, excluding the impact of product launch costs (e.g. closed-end fund launch costs) and related commissions. management believes the exclusion of such costs and related commissions is useful because these costs can fluctuate considerably and revenue associated with the expenditure of these costs will not fully impact blackrock's results until future periods.

•   revenue used for calculating operating margin, as adjusted, is reduced to exclude all of the company's distribution fees, which are recorded as a separate line item on the consolidated statements of income, as well as a portion of investment advisory fees received that is used to pay distribution and servicing costs. for certain products, based on distinct arrangements, distribution fees are collected by the company and then passed-through to third-party client intermediaries. for other products, investment advisory fees are collected by the company and a portion is passed-through to third-party client intermediaries. however, in both structures, the third-party client intermediary similarly owns the relationship with the retail client and is responsible for distributing the product and servicing the client. the amount of distribution and investment advisory fees fluctuates each period primarily based on a predetermined percentage of the value of aum during the period. these fees also vary based on the type of investment product sold and the geographic location where it is sold. in addition, the company may waive fees on certain products that could result in the reduction of payments to the third-party intermediaries.

(2) nonoperating income (expense), less net income (loss) attributable to nci, as adjusted:
(in millions)                                            2020          2019

nonoperating income (expense), gaap basis                                                       $829          $236
less: net income (loss) attributable to nci                                                      354            50
nonoperating income (expense), net of nci                                                        475           186
less: gain related to the charitable contribution                                                122             -
nonoperating income (expense), less net income (loss) attributable to nci, as adjusted          $353          $186
management believes nonoperating income (expense), less net income (loss) attributable to nci, as adjusted, is an effective measure for reviewing blackrock's nonoperating contribution to its results and provides comparability of this information among reporting periods. management believes nonoperating income (expense), less net income (loss) attributable to nci, as adjusted, provides a useful measure, for both management and investors, of blackrock's nonoperating results, which ultimately impact blackrock's book value. in 2020, the noncash,
37
nonoperating pre-tax gain of $122 million related to the charitable contribution has been excluded from nonoperating income (expense), less net income (loss) attributable to nci, as adjusted, due to its nonrecurring nature.
(3) net income attributable to blackrock, inc., as adjusted:
(in millions, except per share data)                 2020            2019

net income attributable to blackrock, inc., gaap basis           $4,932          $4,476
non-gaap adjustments:
charitable contribution, net of tax                                 226               -
income tax matters                                                   79               8
net income attributable to blackrock, inc., as adjusted          $5,237          $4,484
diluted weighted-average common shares outstanding (4)            154.8           157.5
diluted earnings per common share, gaap basis (4)                $31.85          $28.43
diluted earnings per common share, as adjusted (4)               $33.82          $28.48
management believes net income attributable to blackrock, inc., as adjusted, and diluted earnings per common share, as adjusted, are useful measures of blackrock's profitability and financial performance. net income attributable to blackrock, inc., as adjusted, equals net income attributable to blackrock, inc., gaap basis, adjusted for significant nonrecurring items, charges that ultimately will not impact blackrock's book value or certain tax items that do not impact cash flow.
see aforementioned discussion regarding operating income, as adjusted, operating margin, as adjusted, and nonoperating income (expense), less net income (loss) attributable to nci, as adjusted for information on the charitable contribution.
in 2020, a discrete tax benefit of $241 million was recognized in connection with the charitable contribution. the discrete tax benefit has been excluded from as adjusted results due to the non-recurring nature of the charitable contribution. amounts for income tax matters represent net noncash (benefits) expense primarily associated with the revaluation of certain deferred tax liabilities related to intangible assets and goodwill as a result of tax rate changes. the amount for 2020 included a $79 million net noncash expense related to the impact of legislation enacted in the united kingdom increasing its corporate tax rate and state and local income tax changes. these amounts have been excluded from the as adjusted results as these items will not have a cash flow impact and to ensure comparability among periods presented.
per share amounts reflect net income attributable to blackrock, inc., as adjusted divided by diluted weighted-average common shares outstanding.
(4) nonvoting participating preferred stock is considered to be a common stock equivalent for purposes of determining basic and diluted earnings per share calculations. as of december 31, 2020, there were no shares of preferred stock outstanding.
38
assets under management aum for reporting purposes generally is based upon how investment advisory and administration fees are calculated for each portfolio. net asset values, total assets, committed assets or other measures may be used to determine portfolio aum.
aum and net inflows (outflows) by client type and product type

aum                                        net inflows (outflows)
(in millions)                              2020          2019                              2020                           2019
retail                                 $845,917                          $703,297                        $69,556                        $15,810
ishares etfs                          2,669,007                         2,240,065                        184,885                        183,492
institutional:
active                                1,524,462                         1,338,670                         31,624                         99,456
index                                 2,948,683                         2,599,882                        (28,717   )                     36,902
institutional subtotal                4,473,145                         3,938,552                          2,907                        136,358
long-term                             7,988,069                         6,881,914                        257,348                        335,660
cash management                         666,252                           545,949                        113,349                         93,074
advisory(1)                              22,359                             1,770                         20,141                              2
total                                $8,676,680                        $7,429,633                       $390,838                       $428,736
aum and net inflows (outflows) by investment style and product type aum                                        net inflows (outflows)
(in millions)                              2020          2019                              2020                           2019
active                               $2,250,887                        $1,947,222                        $87,737                       $109,892
index and ishares etfs                5,737,182                         4,934,692                        169,611                        225,768
long-term                             7,988,069                         6,881,914                        257,348                        335,660
cash management                         666,252                           545,949                        113,349                         93,074
advisory(1)                              22,359                             1,770                         20,141                              2
total                                $8,676,680                        $7,429,633                       $390,838                       $428,736
aum and net inflows (outflows) by product type aum                                        net inflows (outflows)
(in millions)                              2020          2019                              2020                           2019
equity                               $4,419,806                        $3,820,329                        $48,995                        $28,353
fixed income                          2,674,488                         2,315,392                        157,961                        263,579
multi-asset                             658,733                           568,121                         13,213                         18,889
alternatives:
illiquid alternatives                    85,770                            75,349                         10,883                         14,103
liquid alternatives                      73,218                            59,048                          6,545                          3,957
currency and commodities(2)              76,054                            43,675                         19,751                          6,779
alternatives subtotal                   235,042                           178,072                         37,179                         24,839
long-term                             7,988,069                         6,881,914                        257,348                        335,660
cash management                         666,252                           545,949                        113,349                         93,074
advisory(1)                              22,359                             1,770                         20,141                              2
total                                $8,676,680                        $7,429,633                       $390,838                       $428,736
(1)   advisory aum represents mandates linked to purchases and disposition of assets and portfolios on behalf of official institutions and long-term portfolio liquidation assignments. approximately $4.3 billion of ishares etfs aum held in advisory accounts associated with the federal reserve bank of new york ("frbny") assignment as of december 31, 2020 (disclosed via frbny reporting as of january 11, 2021) are included within fixed income ishares etfs aum or fixed income aum above. these holdings are excluded from advisory aum.

(2)   amounts include commodity ishares etfs.

39
the following table presents the component changes in blackrock's aum for 2020 and 2019.
(in millions)                  2020                  2019

beginning aum                         $7,429,633              $5,975,818
net inflows (outflows):
long-term                                257,348                 335,660
cash management                          113,349                  93,074
advisory(1)                               20,141                       2
total net inflows (outflows)             390,838                 428,736
market change                            746,269                 994,076
fx impact(2)                             109,940                  31,003
total change                           1,247,047               1,453,815
ending aum                            $8,676,680              $7,429,633
(1)   advisory aum represents mandates linked to purchases and disposition of assets and portfolios on behalf of official institutions and long-term portfolio liquidation assignments. approximately $4.3 billion of ishares etfs aum held in advisory accounts associated with the frbny assignment as of december 31, 2020 (disclosed via frbny reporting as of january 11, 2021) are included within fixed income ishares etfs aum or fixed income aum above. these holdings are excluded from advisory aum.

(2)   foreign exchange reflects the impact of translating non-us dollar denominated aum into us dollars for reporting purposes.

blackrock has historically grown aum through organic growth and acquisitions. management believes that the company will be able to continue to grow aum organically by focusing on strong investment performance, efficient delivery of beta for index products, client service, developing new products and optimizing distribution capabilities.
component changes in aum for 2020
the following table presents the component changes in aum by client type and product type for 2020.
december 31,            net                 market                 fx                december 31,          full year inflows                                                                               average

(in millions)            2019                          (outflows)               change            impact(1)   2020                     aum(2)
retail:
equity                                 $252,413           $39,341              $42,545               $4,135                 $338,434   $265,433
fixed income                            305,265            22,784                9,725                2,694                  340,468             309,723
multi-asset                             120,439              (481   )           12,262                  404                  132,624             117,195
alternatives                             25,180             7,912                  929                  370                   34,391              28,839
retail subtotal                         703,297            69,556               65,461                7,603                  845,917             721,190
ishares etfs:
equity                                1,632,972            76,307              186,918                8,904                1,905,101           1,561,970
fixed income                            565,790            88,894               28,009                7,340                  690,033             627,039
multi-asset                               5,210               646                  388                   24                    6,268               5,287
alternatives                             36,093            19,038               12,331                  143                   67,605              53,845
ishares etfs subtotal                 2,240,065           184,885              227,646               16,411                2,669,007           2,248,141
institutional:
active:
equity                                  141,118             1,890               24,045                2,469                  169,522             141,059
fixed income                            651,368             6,598               49,712                8,591                  716,269             673,043
multi-asset                             434,233            13,639               52,365               11,005                  511,242             443,913
alternatives                            111,951             9,497                3,861                2,120                  127,429             116,557
active subtotal                       1,338,670            31,624              129,983               24,185                1,524,462           1,374,572
index:
equity                                1,793,826           (68,543   )          254,475               26,991                2,006,749           1,723,674
fixed income                            792,969            39,685               67,623               27,441                  927,718             837,469
multi-asset                               8,239              (591   )              749                  202                    8,599               8,157
alternatives                              4,848               732                  (50   )               87                    5,617               4,675
index subtotal                        2,599,882           (28,717   )          322,797               54,721                2,948,683           2,573,975
institutional subtotal                3,938,552             2,907              452,780               78,906                4,473,145           3,948,547
long-term                             6,881,914           257,348              745,887              102,920                7,988,069           6,917,878
cash management                         545,949           113,349                  (63   )            7,017                  666,252             617,989
advisory(3)                               1,770            20,141                  445                    3                   22,359              13,236
total                                $7,429,633          $390,838             $746,269             $109,940               $8,676,680   $7,549,103
(1)   foreign exchange reflects the impact of translating non-us dollar denominated aum into us dollars for reporting purposes.

(2)   average aum is calculated as the average of the month-end spot aum amounts for the trailing thirteen months.

(3)   advisory aum represents mandates linked to purchases and disposition of assets and portfolios on behalf of official institutions and long-term portfolio liquidation assignments. approximately $4.3 billion of ishares etfs aum held in advisory accounts associated with the frbny assignment as of december 31, 2020 (disclosed via frbny reporting as of january 11, 2021) are included within fixed income ishares etfs aum or fixed income aum above. these holdings are excluded from advisory aum.

40
the following table presents component changes in aum by investment style and product type for 2020.
december 31,            net                 market                 fx                december 31,          full year inflows                                                                               average

(in millions)                                     2019        (outflows)               change            impact(1)   2020                     aum(2)
active:
equity                                        $316,145           $30,241              $58,922               $4,881                 $410,189   $327,403
fixed income                                   939,275            26,934               58,153               10,653                1,035,015             964,153
multi-asset                                    554,672            13,154               64,629               11,409                  643,864             561,107
alternatives                                   137,130            17,408                4,791                2,490                  161,819             145,395
active subtotal                              1,947,222            87,737              186,495               29,433                2,250,887           1,998,058
index and ishares etfs:
ishares etfs:
equity                                       1,632,972            76,307              186,918                8,904                1,905,101           1,561,970
fixed income                                   565,790            88,894               28,009                7,340                  690,033             627,039
multi-asset                                      5,210               646                  388                   24                    6,268               5,287
alternatives                                    36,093            19,038               12,331                  143                   67,605              53,845
ishares etfs subtotal                        2,240,065           184,885              227,646               16,411                2,669,007           2,248,141
non-etf index:
equity                                       1,871,212           (57,553   )          262,143               28,714                2,104,516           1,802,763
fixed income                                   810,327            42,133               68,907               28,073                  949,440             856,082
multi-asset                                      8,239              (587   )              747                  202                    8,601               8,158
alternatives                                     4,849               733                  (51   )               87                    5,618               4,676
non-etf index subtotal                       2,694,627           (15,274   )          331,746               57,076                3,068,175           2,671,679
index &amp; ishares etfs subtotal            4,934,692           169,611              559,392               73,487                5,737,182           4,919,820
long-term                                    6,881,914           257,348              745,887              102,920                7,988,069           6,917,878
cash management                                545,949           113,349                  (63   )            7,017                  666,252             617,989
advisory(3)                                      1,770            20,141                  445                    3                   22,359              13,236
total                                       $7,429,633          $390,838             $746,269             $109,940               $8,676,680   $7,549,103
the following table presents component changes in aum by product type for 2020.
december 31,            net             market                 fx                december 31,          full year inflows                                                                           average

(in millions)                               2019   (outflows)                change            impact(1)   2020                     aum(2)
equity                                $3,820,329   $48,995                 $507,983              $42,499               $4,419,806   $3,692,136
fixed income                           2,315,392           157,961          155,069               46,066                2,674,488           2,447,274
multi-asset                              568,121            13,213           65,764               11,635                  658,733             574,552
alternatives:
illiquid alternatives                     75,349            10,883           (1,512   )            1,050                   85,770              78,166
liquid alternatives                       59,048             6,545            6,295                1,330                   73,218              64,522
currency and commodities(4)               43,675            19,751           12,288                  340                   76,054              61,228
alternatives subtotal                    178,072            37,179           17,071                2,720                  235,042             203,916
long-term                              6,881,914           257,348          745,887              102,920                7,988,069           6,917,878
cash management                          545,949           113,349              (63   )            7,017                  666,252             617,989
advisory(3)                                1,770            20,141              445                    3                   22,359              13,236
total                                 $7,429,633   $390,838                $746,269             $109,940               $8,676,680   $7,549,103
(1)   foreign exchange reflects the impact of translating non-us dollar denominated aum into us dollars for reporting purposes.

(2)   average aum is calculated as the average of the month-end spot aum amounts for the trailing thirteen months.

(3)   advisory aum represents mandates linked to purchases and disposition of assets and portfolios on behalf of official institutions and long-term portfolio liquidation assignments. approximately $4.3 billion of ishares etfs aum held in advisory accounts associated with the frbny assignment as of december 31, 2020 (disclosed via frbny reporting as of january 11, 2021) are included within fixed income ishares etfs aum or fixed income aum above. these holdings are excluded from advisory aum.

(4)   amounts include commodity ishares etfs.

aum increased $1.25 trillion to $8.68 trillion at december 31, 2020 from $7.43 trillion at december 31, 2019 driven primarily by net market appreciation and positive net flows across all investment styles and product types.
net market appreciation of $746.3 billion was driven primarily by higher global equity and fixed income markets.
aum increased $109.9 billion due to the impact of foreign exchange movements, primarily due to the weakening of the us dollar, largely against the euro, the british pound and the japanese yen.
for further discussion on aum, see part i, item 1 - business - assets under management.
41
component changes in aum for 2019
the following table presents component changes in aum by client type and product type for 2019.
december 31,            net                 market                 fx                   december 31,          full year inflows                                                                                  average

(in millions)                          2018        (outflows)               change           impact(1)       2019                     aum(2)
retail:
equity                             $205,714             $(652   )          $45,820              $1,531                     $252,413   $229,688
fixed income                        271,588            21,222               11,882                 573                      305,265             289,632
multi-asset                         113,417            (9,291   )           16,138                 175                      120,439             117,366
alternatives                         20,131             4,531                  506                  12                       25,180              22,384
retail subtotal                     610,850            15,810               74,346               2,291                      703,297             659,070
ishares etfs:
equity                            1,274,262            64,705              292,840               1,165                    1,632,972           1,453,395
fixed income                        427,596           112,345               25,878                 (29   )                  565,790             503,266
multi-asset                           4,485               113                  601                  11                        5,210               4,489
alternatives                         25,082             6,329                4,664                  18                       36,093              29,767
ishares etfs subtotal             1,731,425           183,492              323,983               1,165                    2,240,065           1,990,917
institutional:
active:
equity                              110,976             1,852               27,547                 743                      141,118             124,722
fixed income                        538,961            55,006               55,358               2,043                      651,368             611,383
multi-asset                         336,237            28,785               68,410                 801                      434,233             385,495
alternatives                         93,805            13,813                3,852                 481                      111,951             103,369
active subtotal                   1,079,979            99,456              155,167               4,068                    1,338,670           1,224,969
index:
equity                            1,444,873           (37,552   )          380,101               6,404                    1,793,826           1,640,715
fixed income                        646,272            75,006               55,969              15,722                      792,969             733,371
multi-asset                           7,745              (718   )            1,203                   9                        8,239               8,095
alternatives                          4,340               166                  272                  70                        4,848               4,580
index subtotal                    2,103,230            36,902              437,545              22,205                    2,599,882           2,386,761
institutional subtotal            3,183,209           136,358              592,712              26,273                    3,938,552           3,611,730
long-term                         5,525,484           335,660              991,041              29,729                    6,881,914           6,261,717
cash management                     448,565            93,074                3,054               1,256                      545,949             486,636
advisory(3)                           1,769                 2                  (19   )              18                        1,770               1,766
total                            $5,975,818          $428,736             $994,076             $31,003                   $7,429,633   $6,750,119
(1)   foreign exchange reflects the impact of translating non-us dollar denominated aum into us dollars for reporting purposes.

(2)   average aum is calculated as the average of the month-end spot aum amounts for the trailing thirteen months.

(3)   advisory aum represents long-term portfolio liquidation assignments.

42
the following table presents component changes in aum by investment style and product type for 2019.
december 31,            net                 market                 fx                   december 31,          full year inflows                                                                                  average

(in millions)                                     2018        (outflows)               change           impact(1)       2019                     aum(2)
active:
equity                                        $258,205           $(2,918   )          $59,701              $1,157                     $316,145   $286,461
fixed income                                   795,985            74,972               66,150               2,168                      939,275             885,170
multi-asset                                    449,654            19,494               84,549                 975                      554,672             502,860
alternatives                                   113,936            18,344                4,357                 493                      137,130             125,753
active subtotal                              1,617,780           109,892              214,757               4,793                    1,947,222           1,800,244
index and ishares etfs:
ishares etfs:
equity                                       1,274,262            64,705              292,840               1,165                    1,632,972           1,453,395
fixed income                                   427,596           112,345               25,878                 (29   )                  565,790             503,266
multi-asset                                      4,485               113                  601                  11                        5,210               4,489
alternatives                                    25,082             6,329                4,664                  18                       36,093              29,767
ishares etfs subtotal                        1,731,425           183,492              323,983               1,165                    2,240,065           1,990,917
non-etf index:
equity                                       1,503,358           (33,434   )          393,767               7,521                    1,871,212           1,708,664
fixed income                                   660,836            76,262               57,059              16,170                      810,327             749,216
multi-asset                                      7,745              (718   )            1,202                  10                        8,239               8,096
alternatives                                     4,340               166                  273                  70                        4,849               4,580
non-etf index subtotal                       2,176,279            42,276              452,301              23,771                    2,694,627           2,470,556
index &amp; ishares etfs subtotal            3,907,704           225,768              776,284              24,936                    4,934,692           4,461,473
long-term                                    5,525,484           335,660              991,041              29,729                    6,881,914           6,261,717
cash management                                448,565            93,074                3,054               1,256                      545,949             486,636
advisory(3)                                      1,769                 2                  (19   )              18                        1,770               1,766
total                                       $5,975,818          $428,736             $994,076             $31,003                   $7,429,633   $6,750,119
the following table presents component changes in aum by product type for 2019.
december 31,            net             market                 fx               december 31,          full year inflows                                                                          average

(in millions)                               2018        (outflows)   change                   impact(1)   2019                     aum(2)
equity                                $3,035,825           $28,353   $746,308                    $9,843               $3,820,329   $3,448,520
fixed income                           1,884,417           263,579          149,087              18,309                2,315,392           2,137,652
multi-asset                              461,884            18,889           86,352                 996                  568,121             515,445
alternatives:
illiquid alternatives                     59,827            14,103            1,101                 318                   75,349              68,030
liquid alternatives                       51,718             3,957            3,224                 149                   59,048              55,088
currency and commodities(4)               31,813             6,779            4,969                 114                   43,675              36,982
alternatives subtotal                    143,358            24,839            9,294                 581                  178,072             160,100
long-term                              5,525,484           335,660          991,041              29,729                6,881,914           6,261,717
cash management                          448,565            93,074            3,054               1,256                  545,949             486,636
advisory(3)                                1,769                 2              (19   )              18                    1,770               1,766
total                                 $5,975,818          $428,736   $994,076                   $31,003               $7,429,633   $6,750,119
(1)   foreign exchange reflects the impact of translating non-us dollar denominated aum into us dollars for reporting purposes.

(2)   average aum is calculated as the average of the month-end spot aum amounts for the trailing thirteen months.

(3)   advisory aum represents long-term portfolio liquidation assignments.

(4)   amounts include commodity ishares etfs.

aum increased $1.5 trillion to $7.43 trillion at december 31, 2019 from $5.98 trillion at december 31, 2018 driven primarily by net market appreciation and positive net flows across all investment styles and product types.
net market appreciation of $994.1 billion was driven primarily by higher global equity and fixed income markets.
aum increased $31 billion due to the impact of foreign exchange movements, primarily due to the weakening of the us dollar, largely against the british pound.
43
discussion of financial results introduction the company derives a substantial portion of its revenue from investment advisory and administration fees, which are recognized as the services are performed over time because the customer is receiving and consuming the benefits as they are provided by the company. fees are primarily based on agreed-upon percentages of aum and recognized for services provided during the period, which are distinct from services provided in other periods. such fees are affected by changes in aum, including market appreciation or depreciation, foreign exchange translation and net inflows or outflows. net inflows or outflows represent the sum of new client assets, additional fundings from existing clients (including dividend reinvestment), withdrawals of assets from, and termination of, client accounts and distributions to investors representing return of capital and return on investments to investors. market appreciation or depreciation includes current income earned on, and changes in the fair value of, securities held in client accounts. foreign exchange translation reflects the impact of translating non-us dollar denominated aum into us dollars for reporting purposes.
the company also earns revenue by lending securities on behalf of clients, primarily to highly rated banks and broker-dealers. the securities loaned are secured by collateral in the form of cash or securities, with minimum collateral generally ranging from approximately 102% to 112% of the value of the loaned securities. generally, the revenue earned is shared between the company and the funds or accounts managed by the company from which the securities are borrowed.
investment advisory agreements for certain separate accounts and investment funds provide for performance fees based upon relative and/or absolute investment performance, in addition to base fees based on aum. investment advisory performance fees generally are earned after a given period of time and when investment performance exceeds a contractual threshold. as such, the timing of recognition of performance fees may increase the volatility of the company's revenue and earnings. the magnitude of performance fees can fluctuate quarterly due to the timing of carried interest recognition on alternative products; however, the third and fourth quarters have a greater number of nonalternative products with performance measurement periods that end on either september 30 or december 31.
the company offers investment management technology systems, risk management services, wealth management and digital distribution tools, all on a fee basis. clients include banks, insurance companies, official institutions, pension funds, asset managers, retail distributors and other investors. fees earned for technology services are primarily recorded as services are performed over time and are generally determined using the value of positions on the aladdin platform, or on a fixed-rate basis.  revenue derived from the sale of software licenses is recognized upon the granting of access rights.
the company earns distribution and service fees for distributing investment products and providing support services to investments portfolios. the fees are based on aum and are recognized when the amount of fees is known.
the company advises global financial institutions, regulators, and government entities across a range of risk, regulatory, capital markets and strategic services. fees earned for advisory services, which are included in advisory and other revenue, are determined using fixed-rate fees and are recognized over time as the related services are completed.
the company earns fees for transition management services primarily comprised of commissions recognized in connection with buying and selling securities on behalf of its customers. commissions related to transition management services, which are included in advisory and other revenue, are recorded on a trade-date basis as transactions occur.
the company also earns revenue related to certain minority investments accounted for as equity method investments.
operating expense reflects employee compensation and benefits, distribution and servicing costs, direct fund expense, general and administration expense and amortization of finite-lived intangible assets.
•   employee compensation and benefits expense includes salaries, commissions, temporary help, deferred and incentive compensation, employer payroll taxes, severance and related benefit costs.

•   distribution and servicing costs, which are primarily aum driven, include payments to third parties, primarily associated with distribution and servicing of client investments in certain company products.

•   direct fund expense primarily consists of third-party nonadvisory expenses incurred by the company related to certain funds for the use of index trademarks, reference data for indices, custodial services, fund administration, fund accounting, transfer agent services, shareholder reporting services, legal expense, and audit and tax services as well as other fund-related expenses directly attributable to the nonadvisory operations of the fund. these expenses may vary over time with fluctuations in aum, number of shareholder accounts, or other attributes directly related to volume of business.

•   general and administration expense includes marketing and promotional, occupancy and office-related costs, portfolio services (including clearing expense related to transition management services), technology, professional services, communications, contingent consideration fair value adjustments, product launch costs, the impact of foreign currency remeasurement, and other general and administration expense. foreign currency remeasurement losses were $6 million and $31 million for 2020 and 2019, respectively.

approximately 75% of the company's revenue is generated in us dollars. the company's revenue and expense generated in foreign currencies (primarily the euro and british pound) are impacted by foreign exchange rates. any effect of foreign exchange rate change on revenue is partially offset by a change in expense driven by the company's considerable non-dollar expense base related to its operations outside the united states.
nonoperating income (expense) includes the effect of changes in the valuations on investments and earnings on equity method investments as well as interest and dividend income and interest expense. the company primarily holds seed and co-investments in sponsored investment products that invest in a variety of asset classes, including private equity, hedge funds and real assets. investments generally are made for co-investment purposes, to establish a performance track record or for regulatory purposes, including federal reserve bank stock. the company does not engage in proprietary trading activities that could conflict with the interests of its clients.
in addition, nonoperating income (expense) includes the impact of changes in the valuations of consolidated sponsored investment funds. the portion of nonoperating income (expense) not attributable to the company is allocated to nci on the consolidated statements of income.
44
revenue the following table presents detail of revenue for 2020 and 2019 and includes the product type mix of base fees and performance fees.
(in millions)                                       2020             2019

investment advisory, administration fees and securities lending revenue:
equity:
active                                                                                $1,737             $1,554
ishares etfs                                                                           3,499              3,495
non-etf index                                                                            664                667
equity subtotal                                                                        5,900              5,716
fixed income:
active                                                                                 1,957              1,918
ishares etfs                                                                           1,119                963
non-etf index                                                                            463                405
fixed income subtotal                                                                  3,539              3,286
multi-asset                                                                            1,163              1,148
alternatives:
illiquid alternatives                                                                    577                488
liquid alternatives                                                                      502                413
currency and commodities(1)                                                              168                108
alternatives subtotal                                                                  1,247              1,009
long-term                                                                             11,849             11,159
cash management                                                                          790                618
total investment advisory, administration fees and securities lending revenue         12,639             11,777
investment advisory performance fees:
equity                                                                                    91                 36
fixed income                                                                              35                 10
multi-asset                                                                               35                 19
alternatives:
illiquid alternatives                                                                     83                136
liquid alternatives                                                                      860                249
alternatives subtotal                                                                    943                385
total performance fees                                                                 1,104                450
technology services revenue                                                            1,139                974
distribution fees:
retrocessions                                                                            736                658
12b-1 fees (us mutual fund distribution fees)                                            337                358
other                                                                                     58                 53
total distribution fees                                                                1,131              1,069
advisory and other revenue:
advisory                                                                                  68                 99
other                                                                                    124                170
total advisory and other revenue                                                         192                269
total revenue                                                                        $16,205            $14,539
(1)   amounts include commodity ishares etfs.

the table below lists base fees and mix of average aum by product type:
mix of base fees                         mix of average aum(1)

2020               2019                     2020               2019
equity:
active                                  14    %             13    %                  4    %              4    %
ishares etfs                            28    %             30    %                 21    %             22    %
non-etf index                            5    %              6    %                 24    %             25    %
equity subtotal                         47    %             49    %                 49    %             51    %
fixed income:
active                                  15    %             16    %                 13    %             13    %
ishares etfs                             9    %              8    %                  8    %              7    %
non-etf index                            4    %              3    %                 11    %             11    %
fixed income subtotal                   28    %             27    %                 32    %             31    %
multi-asset                              9    %             10    %                  8    %              8    %
alternatives:
illiquid alternatives                    5    %              4    %                  1    %              1    %
liquid alternatives                      4    %              4    %                  1    %              1    %
currency and commodities(2)              1    %              1    %                  1    %              1    %
alternatives subtotal                   10    %              9    %                  3    %              3    %
long-term                               94    %             95    %                 92    %             93    %
cash management                          6    %              5    %                  8    %              7    %
total excluding advisory aum           100    %            100    %                100    %            100    %
(1)   average aum is calculated as the average of the month-end spot aum amounts for the trailing thirteen months.

(2)   amounts include commodity ishares etfs.

45
revenue increased $1,666 million, or 11%, from 2019, primarily driven by higher base and performance fees and 17% growth in technology services revenue.
base fees of $12,639 million in 2020 increased $862 million from $11,777 million in 2019, primarily driven by organic growth, the positive impact of market beta and foreign exchange movements on average aum and higher securities lending revenue, partially offset by the impact of fee reductions on certain products. securities lending revenue of $652 million increased $35 million from $617 million in 2019, primarily reflecting higher average balances of securities on loan and higher cash reinvestment spreads, partially offset by lower asset spreads.
investment advisory performance fees of $1,104 million in 2020 increased $654 million from $450 million in 2019, primarily reflecting higher revenue from liquid alternative and long-only equity products. approximately 60% of the full year increase in performance fees was attributable to a single hedge fund strategy that delivered strong performance during the year.
technology services revenue of $1,139 million for 2020 increased $165 million from $974 million in 2019, primarily reflecting higher revenue from aladdin and the impact of the efront acquisition, which closed in may of 2019.
advisory and other revenue of $192 million in 2020 decreased $77 million from $269 million in 2019, primarily reflecting the impact of the charitable contribution of blackrock's remaining 20% stake in pennymac in 2020 and lower advisory assignments.
expense the following table presents expense for 2020 and 2019.
(in millions)                          2020              2019

expense:
employee compensation and benefits                         $5,041            $4,470
distribution and servicing costs:
retrocessions                                                 736               658
12b-1 costs                                                   328               354
other                                                         771               673
total distribution and servicing costs                      1,835             1,685
direct fund expense                                         1,063               978
general and administration:
marketing and promotional                                     229               350
occupancy and office related                                  319               307
portfolio services                                            283               261
technology                                                    397               289
professional services                                         170               161
communications                                                 54                39
foreign exchange remeasurement                                  6                31
contingent consideration fair value adjustments                23                53
product launch costs                                          166                59
charitable contribution                                       589                 -
other general and administration                              229               208
total general and administration expense                    2,465             1,758
amortization of intangible assets                             106                97
total expense                                             $10,510            $8,988
expense increased $1,522 million, or 17%, from 2019, primarily driven by higher general and administration expense, including the impact of the charitable contribution and higher product launch costs, higher employee compensation and benefits expense, and higher volume-related expense in 2020.
employee compensation and benefits expense increased $571 million, or 13%, to $5,041 million in 2020 from $4,470 million in 2019, primarily reflecting higher base and incentive compensation, driven in part by higher performance fees and operating income.
direct fund expense increased $85 million from 2019, reflecting higher average aum.
general and administration expense increased $707 million from 2019, primarily driven by $589 million of expense related to the charitable contribution, higher product launch costs, higher portfolio services and technology expense, including certain costs related to covid-19, costs related to certain legal matters, including aviron capital, llc., and a $12 million impairment of a fixed asset. the increase was partially offset by lower marketing and promotional expense, lower contingent consideration fair value adjustments and lower foreign exchange remeasurement expense for 2020.
46
nonoperating results the summary of nonoperating income (expense), less net income (loss) attributable to nci for 2020 and 2019 was as follows:
(in millions)                               2020          2019

nonoperating income (expense), gaap basis(1)                          $829          $236
less: net income (loss) attributable to nci                            354            50
nonoperating income (expense), as adjusted, net of nci(2)(3)          $475          $186
(in millions)                       2020                2019

net gain (loss) on investments(1)(2)
private equity                                          $44                 $47
real assets                                               8                  21
other alternatives(3)                                    32                  19
other investments(4)                                    120                 144
subtotal                                                204                 231
gain related to the charitable contribution             122                   -
other gains (losses)(5)                                 292                  61
total net gain (loss) on investments(1)(2)              618                 292
interest and dividend income                             62                  97
interest expense                                       (205   )            (203   )
net interest expense                                   (143   )            (106   )
nonoperating income (expense)(1)                       $475                $186
(1)   net of net income (loss) attributable to nci.

(2)   management believes nonoperating income (expense), less net income (loss) attributable to nci, is an effective measure for reviewing blackrock's nonoperating results, which ultimately impacts blackrock's book value. see non-gaap financial measures for further information on non-gaap financial measures.

(3)   amounts primarily include net gains (losses) related to direct hedge fund strategies and hedge fund solutions.

(4)   amounts primarily include net gains (losses) related to unhedged equity and fixed income investments.

(5)   amount for 2020 includes a nonoperating pre-tax gain of approximately $240 million in connection with a recapitalization of icapital. additional amounts include noncash pre-tax gains (losses) related to the revaluation of certain other corporate minority investments.

income tax expense gaap                                    as adjusted

(in millions)                               2020                2019                   2020                2019
operating income(1)                                $5,695              $5,551                 $6,284              $5,551
total nonoperating income (expense)(1)(2)            $475                $186                   $353                $186
income before income taxes(2)                      $6,170              $5,737                 $6,637              $5,737
income tax expense                                 $1,238              $1,261                 $1,400              $1,253
effective tax rate                                   20.1   %            22.0   %               21.1   %            21.9   %
(1)   as adjusted items are described in more detail in non-gaap financial measures.

(2)   net of net income (loss) attributable to nci.

the company's tax rate is affected by tax rates in foreign jurisdictions and the relative amount of income earned in those jurisdictions, which the company expects to be fairly consistent in the near term. the significant foreign jurisdictions that have different statutory tax rates than the us federal statutory rate of 21% include the united kingdom, ireland, canada and germany.
2020 income tax expense (gaap) reflected:
o   a discrete tax benefit of $241 million recognized in connection with the charitable contribution;

o   a discrete tax benefit of $139 million, including benefits related to changes in the company's organizational entity structure and stock-based compensation awards that vested in 2020; and

o   a $79 million net noncash expense associated with the revaluation of certain deferred income tax assets and liabilities related to legislation enacted in the united kingdom increasing its corporate tax rate and state and local income tax changes.

the as adjusted effective tax rate of 21.1% for 2020 excluded the $241 million discrete tax benefit in connection with the charitable contribution due to its non-recurring nature and the $79 million noncash deferred tax revaluation noncash expense mentioned above as it will not have a cash flow impact and to ensure comparability among periods presented.
2019 income tax expense (gaap) reflected:
o   a discrete tax benefit of $28 million primarily related to stock-based compensation awards that vested in 2020.

47
balance sheet overview the following table presents a reconciliation of the consolidated statement of financial condition presented on a gaap basis to the consolidated statement of financial condition, excluding the impact of separate account assets and separate account collateral held under securities lending agreements (directly related to lending separate account securities) and separate account liabilities and separate account collateral liabilities under securities lending agreements and consolidated sponsored investment products.
the company presents the as adjusted balance sheet as additional information to enable investors to exclude certain assets that have equal and offsetting liabilities or noncontrolling interests that ultimately do not have an impact on stockholders' equity or cash flows. management views the as adjusted balance sheet, which contains non-gaap financial measures, as an economic presentation of the company's total assets and liabilities; however, it does not advocate that investors consider such non-gaap financial measures in isolation from, or as a substitute for, financial information prepared in accordance with gaap.
separate account assets and liabilities and separate account collateral held under securities lending agreements separate account assets are maintained by blackrock life limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of the company that is a registered life insurance company in the united kingdom, and represent segregated assets held for purposes of funding individual and group pension contracts. the company records equal and offsetting separate account liabilities. the separate account assets are not available to creditors of the company and the holders of the pension contracts have no recourse to the company's assets. the net investment income attributable to separate account assets accrues directly to the contract owners and is not reported on the consolidated statements of income. while blackrock has no economic interest in these assets or liabilities, blackrock earns an investment advisory fee for the service of managing these assets on behalf of its clients.
in addition, the company records on its consolidated statements of financial condition the separate account collateral received under blackrock life limited securities lending arrangements as its own asset in addition to an equal and offsetting separate account collateral liability for the obligation to return the collateral. the collateral is not available to creditors of the company, and the borrowers under the securities lending arrangements have no recourse to the company's assets.
consolidated sponsored investment products the company consolidates certain sponsored investment products accounted for as variable interest entities ("vies") and voting rights entities ("vres"), (collectively, "consolidated sponsored investment products"). see note 2, significant accounting policies, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements contained in part ii, item 8 of this filing for more information on the company's consolidation policy.
the company cannot readily access cash and cash equivalents or other assets held by consolidated sponsored investment products to use in its operating activities. in addition, the company cannot readily sell investments held by consolidated sponsored investment products in order to obtain cash for use in the company's operations.
december 31, 2020

(in millions)                                                             gaap               separate                         consolidated sponsored investment products(2)                          as basis               account                                                                                           adjusted assets/
collateral(1)
assets cash and cash equivalents                                               $8,664               $-                                                                        $206                      $8,458
accounts receivable                                                      3,535                        -                                                                   -                       3,535
investments                                                              6,919                        -                                                               2,486                       4,433
separate account assets and collateral held under securities           121,170                        121,170                                                             -                           -
lending agreements other assets(3)                                                          3,880                        -                                                                  81                       3,799
subtotal                                                               144,168                        121,170                                                         2,773                      20,225
goodwill and intangible assets, net                                     32,814                        -                                                                   -                      32,814
total assets                                                          $176,982               $121,170                                                                $2,773                     $53,039
liabilities accrued compensation and benefits                                       $2,499               $-                                                                          $-                      $2,499
accounts payable and accrued liabilities                                 1,028                        -                                                                   -                       1,028
borrowings                                                               7,264                        -                                                                   -                       7,264
separate account liabilities and collateral liabilities under          121,170                        121,170                                                             -                           -
securities lending agreements deferred income tax liabilities(4)                                       3,673                        -                                                                   -                       3,673
other liabilities                                                        3,692                        -                                                                 400                       3,292
total liabilities                                                      139,326                        121,170                                                           400                      17,756
equity total blackrock, inc. stockholders' equity                              35,283                        -                                                                   -                      35,283
noncontrolling interests                                                 2,373                        -                                                               2,373                           -
total equity                                                            37,656                        -                                                               2,373                      35,283
total liabilities and equity                                          $176,982               $121,170                                                                $2,773                     $53,039
(1)   amounts represent segregated client assets and related liabilities, in which blackrock has no economic interest. blackrock earns an investment advisory fee for the service of managing these assets on behalf of its clients.

(2)   amounts represent the portion of assets and liabilities of consolidated sponsored investment products attributable to nci.

(3)   amount includes property and equipment and other assets.

(4)   amount includes approximately $4.3 billion of deferred income tax liabilities related to goodwill and intangibles. see note 25, income taxes, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements contained in part ii, item 8 of this filing for more information.

48
the following discussion summarizes the significant changes in assets and liabilities on a gaap basis. please see the consolidated statements of financial condition as of december 31, 2020 and 2019 contained in part ii, item 8 of this filing. the discussion does not include changes related to assets and liabilities that are equal and offsetting and have no impact on blackrock's stockholders' equity.
assets. cash and cash equivalents at december 31, 2020 and 2019 included $206 million and $141 million, respectively, of cash held by consolidated sponsored investment products (see liquidity and capital resources for details on the change in cash and cash equivalents during 2020).
accounts receivable at december 31, 2020 increased $356 million from december 31, 2019, primarily due to higher performance and base fees receivables. investments, including the impact of consolidated sponsored investment products increased $1,430 million from december 31, 2019 (for more information see investments herein). goodwill and intangible assets decreased $117 million from december 31, 2019, primarily due to amortization of intangible assets. other assets (including operating lease right-of-use ("rou") assets and property and equipment) decreased $4 million from december 31, 2019, primarily due to a net decrease in certain corporate minority investments, primarily related to the previously discussed charitable contribution of blackrock's remaining 20% stake in pennymac, partially offset by an increase in unit trust receivables (substantially offset by an increase in unit trust payables recorded within other liabilities).
liabilities. accrued compensation and benefits at december 31, 2020 increased $442 million from december 31, 2019, primarily due to higher 2020 incentive compensation accruals. other liabilities increased $222 million from december 31, 2019, primarily due to higher other liabilities of consolidated sponsored investment products and higher unit trust payables (substantially offset by an increase in unit trust receivables recorded within other assets), partially offset by lower contingent liabilities related to certain acquisitions. net deferred income tax liabilities at december 31, 2020 decreased $61 million from december 31, 2019, primarily due to the effects of temporary differences associated with stock-based compensation, investment income and the income tax benefit related to the charitable contribution, partially offset by the effects of temporary differences associated with the revaluation of certain deferred income tax liabilities due to tax legislation enacted in the united kingdom and state and local income tax changes.
investments the company's investments were $6,919 million and $5,489 million at december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. investments include consolidated investments held by sponsored investment products accounted for as vies and vres. management reviews blackrock's investments on an "economic" basis, which eliminates the portion of investments that does not impact blackrock's book value or net income attributable to blackrock. blackrock's management does not advocate that investors consider such non-gaap financial measures in isolation from, or as a substitute for, financial information prepared in accordance with gaap.
the company presents investments, as adjusted, to enable investors to understand the portion of investments that is owned by the company, net of nci, as a gauge to measure the impact of changes in net nonoperating income (expense) on investments to net income (loss) attributable to blackrock.
the company further presents net "economic" investment exposure, net of deferred compensation investments and hedged investments, to reflect another helpful measure for investors. the economic impact of investments held pursuant to deferred compensation arrangements is offset by a change in compensation expense. the impact of certain investments is substantially mitigated by swap hedges. carried interest capital allocations are excluded as there is no impact to blackrock's stockholders' equity until such amounts are realized as performance fees. finally, the company's regulatory investment in federal reserve bank stock, which is not subject to market or interest rate risk, is excluded from the company's net economic investment exposure.
(in millions)                              december 31,          december 31,
2020                  2019

investments, gaap                                                         $6,919                $5,489
investments held by consolidated sponsored investment products            (4,976   )            (3,784   )
net interest in consolidated sponsored investment products(1)              2,490                 2,290
investments, as adjusted                                                   4,433                 3,995
federal reserve bank stock                                                   (94   )               (93   )
deferred compensation investments                                             (6   )               (23   )
hedged investments                                                          (833   )              (644   )
carried interest                                                            (627   )              (528   )
total "economic" investment exposure(2)                                   $2,873                $2,707
(1)   amount included $604 million and $514 million of carried interest (vies) as of december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively, which has no impact on the company's "economic" investment exposure.

(2)   amounts exclude investments in corporate minority investments included in other assets on the consolidated statements of financial condition

the following table represents the carrying value of the company's economic investment exposure, by asset type, at december 31, 2020 and 2019:
(in millions)                 december 31,      december 31,
2020              2019

equity(1)                                         $835              $609
fixed income(2)                                    958             1,008
multi-asset(3)                                     127               178
alternatives:
private equity                                     418               355
real assets                                        251               322
other alternatives(4)                              284               235
alternatives subtotal                              953               912
total "economic" investment exposure            $2,873            $2,707
(1)   equity includes unhedged seed investments in equity mutual funds/strategies and equity securities.

(2)   fixed income includes unhedged seed investments in fixed income mutual funds/strategies, bank loans and uk government securities, primarily held for regulatory purposes.

(3)   multi-asset includes unhedged seed investments in multi-asset mutual funds/strategies.

(4)   other alternatives primarily include hedge funds/funds of hedge funds.

49
as adjusted investment activity for 2020 and 2019 was as follows:
(in millions)                                       2020                 2019

total investments, as adjusted, beginning balance                                    $3,995               $3,381
purchases/capital contributions                                                       1,117                  975
sales/maturities                                                                       (909   )             (617   )
distributions(1)                                                                       (237   )             (226   )
market appreciation(depreciation)/earnings from equity method investments               309                  333
carried interest capital allocations/(distributions)                                     99                  141
other(2)                                                                                 59                    8
total investments, as adjusted, ending balance                                       $4,433               $3,995
(1)   amount includes distributions representing return of capital and return on investments.

(2)   amount includes the impact of foreign exchange movements.

liquidity and capital resources blackrock cash flows excluding the impact of consolidated sponsored investment products the consolidated statements of cash flows include the cash flows of the consolidated sponsored investment products. the company uses an adjusted cash flow statement, which excludes the impact of consolidated sponsored investment products, as a supplemental non-gaap measure to assess liquidity and capital requirements. the company believes that its cash flows, excluding the impact of the consolidated sponsored investment products, provide investors with useful information on the cash flows of blackrock relating to its ability to fund additional operating, investing and financing activities. blackrock's management does not advocate that investors consider such non-gaap measures in isolation from, or as a substitute for, its cash flows presented in accordance with gaap.
the following table presents a reconciliation of the consolidated statements of cash flows presented on a gaap basis to the consolidated statements of cash flows, excluding the impact of the cash flows of consolidated sponsored investment products:
(in millions)                                       gaap                      impact on                             cash flows basis                      cash flows                            excluding of consolidated                          impact of sponsored investment products                  consolidated sponsored investment products

cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, december 31, 2018                         $6,505                                  $245                                $6,260
net cash provided by/(used in) operating activities                                    2,884                                (1,563   )                             4,447
net cash provided by/(used in) investing activities                                   (2,014   )                              (110   )                            (1,904   )
net cash provided by/(used in) financing activities                                   (2,583   )                             1,569                                (4,152   )
effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash             54                                     -                                    54
net increase/(decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash                 (1,659   )                              (104   )                            (1,555   )
cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, december 31, 2019                         $4,846                                  $141                                $4,705
net cash provided by/(used in) operating activities                                    3,743                                (1,966   )                             5,709
net cash provided by/(used in) investing activities                                     (254   )                               (71   )                              (183   )
net cash provided by/(used in) financing activities                                      244                                 2,102                                (1,858   )
effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash            102                                     -                                   102
net increase/(decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash                  3,835                                    65                                 3,770
cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, december 31, 2020                         $8,681                                  $206                                $8,475
sources of blackrock's operating cash primarily include investment advisory, administration fees and securities lending revenue, performance fees, technology services revenue, advisory revenue and distribution fees. blackrock uses its cash to pay for all operating expense, interest and principal on borrowings, income taxes, dividends on blackrock's capital stock, repurchases of the company's stock, acquisitions, capital expenditures and purchases of co-investments and seed investments.
for details of the company's gaap cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities, see the consolidated statements of cash flows contained in part ii, item 8 of this filing.
cash flows provided by/(used in) operating activities, excluding the impact of consolidated sponsored investment products, primarily include the receipt of investment advisory and administration fees, securities lending revenue and performance fees offset by the payment of operating expenses incurred in the normal course of business, including year-end incentive compensation accrued for in the prior year.
cash flows used in investing activities, excluding the impact of consolidated sponsored investment products, for 2020 were $183 million and reflected $194 million of purchases of property and equipment and $172 million of net investment purchases, partially offset by $183 million of distributions of capital from equity method investees.
cash flows used in financing activities, excluding the impact of consolidated sponsored investment products, for 2020 were $1.9 billion, primarily resulting from $1.8 billion of share repurchases, including $1.1 billion from pnc, $412 million in open market transactions and $297 million of employee tax withholdings related to employee stock transactions, and $2.3 billion of cash dividend payments, partially offset by $2.2 billion of proceeds from long-term borrowings.
50
the company manages its financial condition and funding to maintain appropriate liquidity for the business. liquidity resources at december 31, 2020 and 2019 were as follows:
(in millions)                                      december 31,          december 31,
2020                  2019

cash and cash equivalents(1)                                                               $8,664                $4,829
cash and cash equivalents held by consolidated sponsored investment products(2)              (206   )              (141   )
subtotal                                                                                    8,458                 4,688
credit facility - undrawn                                                                   4,000                 4,000
total liquidity resources(3)                                                              $12,458                $8,688
(1)   the percentage of cash and cash equivalents held by the company's us subsidiaries was approximately 55% and 45% at december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. see net capital requirements herein for more information on net capital requirements in certain regulated subsidiaries.

(2)   the company cannot readily access such cash and cash equivalents to use in its operating activities.

(3)   amounts do not reflect year-end incentive compensation accruals, which are paid in the first quarter.

total liquidity resources increased $3,770 million during 2020, primarily reflecting $2.2 billion of proceeds from long-term borrowings and cash flows from other operating activities, partially offset by cash dividend payments of $2.3 billion and share repurchases of $1.8 billion.
a significant portion of the company's $4,433 million of investments, as adjusted, is illiquid in nature and, as such, cannot be readily convertible to cash.
the company's liquidity and capital resources were not materially impacted by covid-19 and related economic conditions during 2020. the company will continue to monitor its liquidity and capital resources due to the current pandemic.
share repurchases. during 2020, the company repurchased an aggregate of approximately $1.5 billion of common shares, including the repurchase from pnc and 0.8 million common shares under the company's existing share repurchase program for approximately $412 million. at december 31, 2020, there were 5.1 million shares still authorized to be repurchased under the program.
net capital requirements. the company is required to maintain net capital in certain regulated subsidiaries within a number of jurisdictions, which is partially maintained by retaining cash and cash equivalent investments in those subsidiaries or jurisdictions. as a result, such subsidiaries of the company may be restricted in their ability to transfer cash between different jurisdictions and to their parents. additionally, transfers of cash between international jurisdictions may have adverse tax consequences that could discourage such transfers.
blackrock institutional trust company, n.a. ("btc") is chartered as a national bank that does not accept deposits or make commercial loans and whose powers are limited to trust and other fiduciary activities. btc provides investment management and other fiduciary services, including investment advisory and securities lending agency services, to institutional clients. btc is subject to regulatory capital and liquid asset requirements administered by the us office of the comptroller of the currency.
at december 31, 2020 and 2019, the company was required to maintain approximately $2.2 billion and $1.9 billion, respectively, in net capital in certain regulated subsidiaries, including btc, entities regulated by the financial conduct authority and prudential regulation authority in the united kingdom, and the company's broker-dealers. the company was in compliance with all applicable regulatory net capital requirements.
undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries. as a result of the 2017 tax cuts and jobs act and the one-time mandatory deemed repatriation tax on untaxed accumulated foreign earnings, us income taxes were provided on the company's undistributed foreign earnings. the financial statement basis in excess of tax basis of its foreign subsidiaries remains indefinitely reinvested in foreign operations. the company will continue to evaluate its capital management plans.
short-term borrowings
2020 revolving credit facility. the company's credit facility has an aggregate commitment amount of $4 billion and was amended in march 2020 to extend the maturity date to march 2025 (the "2020 credit facility"). the 2020 credit facility permits the company to request up to an additional $1 billion of borrowing capacity, subject to lender credit approval, increasing the overall size of the 2020 credit facility to an aggregate principal amount not to exceed $5 billion. interest on borrowings outstanding accrues at a rate based on the applicable london interbank offered rate plus a spread. the 2020 credit facility requires the company not to exceed a maximum leverage ratio (ratio of net debt to earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, where net debt equals total debt less unrestricted cash) of 3 to 1, which was satisfied with a ratio of less than 1 to 1 at december 31, 2020. the 2020 credit facility provides back-up liquidity to fund ongoing working capital for general corporate purposes and various investment opportunities. at december 31, 2020, the company had no amount outstanding under the 2020 credit facility.
commercial paper program.  the company can issue unsecured commercial paper notes (the "cp notes") on a private-placement basis up to a maximum aggregate amount outstanding at any time of $4 billion. the commercial paper program is currently supported by the 2020 credit facility. at december 31, 2020, blackrock had no cp notes outstanding.
51
long-term borrowings the carrying value of long-term borrowings at december 31, 2020 included the following:
(in millions)           maturity amount      carrying value      maturity

4.25% notes                $750                $750   may 2021
3.375% notes                 750                 748   june 2022
3.50% notes               1,000                 997   march 2024
1.25% notes(1)                 856                 853   may 2025
3.20% notes                 700                 695   march 2027
3.25% notes               1,000                 989   april 2029
2.40% notes               1,000                 993   april 2030
1.90% notes               1,250               1,239   january 2031
total long-term borrowings              $7,306              $7,264
(1)   the carrying value of the 1.25% notes is calculated using the eur/usd foreign exchange rate as of december 31, 2020.

in january 2020, the company issued $1 billion in aggregate principal amount of 2.40% senior unsecured and unsubordinated notes maturing on april 30, 2030 (the "2030 notes"). the net proceeds of the 2030 notes were used for general corporate purposes. interest of approximately $24 million per year is payable semi-annually on april 30 and october 30 of each year, which commenced on april 30, 2020. the 2030 notes may be redeemed prior to january 30, 2030 in whole or in part at any time, at the option of the company, at a "make-whole" redemption price or at 100% of the principal amount of the 2030 notes thereafter. the unamortized discount and debt issuance costs are being amortized over the remaining term of the 2030 notes.
in april 2020, the company issued $1.25 billion in aggregate principal amount of 1.90% senior unsecured and unsubordinated notes maturing on january 28, 2031 (the "2031 notes"). the net proceeds of the 2031 notes are being used for general corporate purposes, which may include the future repayment of all or a portion of the $750 million 4.25% notes due may 2021. interest of approximately $24 million per year is payable semi-annually on january 28 and july 28 of each year, which commenced on july 28, 2020. the 2031 notes may be redeemed prior to october 28, 2030 in whole or in part at any time, at the option of the company, at a "make-whole" redemption price or at 100% of the principal amount of the 2031 notes thereafter. the unamortized discount and debt issuance costs are being amortized over the remaining term of the 2031 notes.
for more information on company's borrowings, see note 15, borrowings, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements contained in part ii, item 8 of this filing.
contractual obligations, commitments and contingencies the following table sets forth contractual obligations, commitments and contingencies by year of payment at december 31, 2020:
(in millions)                            2021            2022            2023            2024              2025          thereafter       total

contractual obligations and commitments:
long-term borrowings(1):
principal                                                        $750              $750            $-            $1,000              $856          $3,950         $7,306
interest                                                          190               161           148               131               113             386          1,129
operating leases                                                  169               163           149               135               119           1,605          2,340
purchase obligations                                              198               140            64                38                 5               -            445
investment commitments                                            789                 -             -                 -                 -               -            789
total contractual obligations and commitments                   2,096             1,214           361             1,304             1,093           5,941         12,009
contingent obligations:
contingent payments related to business acquisitions(2)            26                 -             -                 -                 -               -             26
total contractual obligations, commitments and                 $2,122            $1,214          $361            $1,304            $1,093          $5,941        $12,035
contingent obligations(3)
(1)   the amount of principal and interest payments for the 1.25% notes (issued in euros) represents the expected payment amounts using the eur/usd foreign exchange rate as of december 31, 2020.

(2)   the amount of contingent payments reflected for any year represents the expected payments using foreign currency exchange rates as of december 31, 2020. the fair value of the remaining aggregate contingent payments at december 31, 2020 totaled $26 million and is included in other liabilities on the consolidated statements of financial condition.

(3)   at december 31, 2020, the company had approximately $691 million of net unrecognized tax benefits. due to the uncertainty of timing and amounts that will ultimately be paid, this amount has been excluded from the table above.

operating leases. the company leases its primary office locations under agreements that expire on varying dates through 2043. in connection with certain lease agreements, the company is responsible for escalation payments. the contractual obligations table above includes only guaranteed minimum lease payments for such leases and does not project potential escalation or other lease-related payments.
in may 2017, the company entered into an agreement with 50 hymc owner llc, for the lease of approximately 847,000 square feet of office space located at 50 hudson yards, new york, new york. the term of the lease includes 20 years of cash rental payments expected to begin in may 2023, with the option to renew for a specified term. the lease requires annual base rental payments of approximately $51 million per year during the first five years of the lease term, increasing every five years to $58 million, $66 million and $74 million per year (or approximately $1.2 billion in base rent over a 20-year period). in november 2019, the company exercised its initial expansion option with respect to two additional floors aggregating approximately 122,000 square feet of office space. the additional space requires approximately $185 million in base rent over the 20-year period.
for more information on the company's operating leases, see note 13, leases, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements contained in part ii, item 8 of this filing.
purchase obligations. in the ordinary course of business, blackrock enters into contracts or purchase obligations with third parties whereby the third parties provide services to or on behalf of blackrock. purchase obligations included in the contractual obligations table above
52
represent executory contracts, which are either noncancelable or cancelable with a penalty. at december 31, 2020, the company's obligations primarily reflected standard service contracts for portfolio services, market data, office-related services and third-party marketing and promotional services, and obligations for equipment. purchase obligations are recorded on the consolidated financial statements when services are provided and, as such, obligations for services and equipment not received are not included in the consolidated statement of financial condition at december 31, 2020.
investment commitments. at december 31, 2020, the company had $789 million of various capital commitments to fund sponsored investment products, including consolidated sponsored investment products. these products include private equity funds, real assets funds and opportunistic funds. this amount excludes additional commitments made by consolidated funds of funds to underlying third-party funds as third-party noncontrolling interest holders have the legal obligation to fund the respective commitments of such funds of funds. generally, the timing of the funding of these commitments is unknown and the commitments are callable on demand at any time prior to the expiration of the commitment. these unfunded commitments are not recorded on the consolidated statements of financial condition. these commitments do not include potential future commitments approved by the company that are not yet legally binding. the company intends to make additional capital commitments from time to time to fund additional investment products for, and with, its clients.
contingent payments related to business acquisitions. in connection with certain acquisitions, blackrock is required to make contingent payments, subject to achieving specified performance targets, which may include revenue related to acquired contracts or new capital commitments for certain products. the fair value of the remaining aggregate contingent payments at december 31, 2020 totaled $26 million and is included in other liabilities on the consolidated statements of financial condition.
the following items have not been included in the contractual obligations, commitments and contingencies table:
carried interest clawback. as a general partner in certain investment products, including private equity partnerships and certain hedge funds, the company may receive carried interest cash distributions from the partnerships in accordance with distribution provisions of the partnership agreements. the company may, from time to time, be required to return all or a portion of such distributions to the limited partners in the event the limited partners do not achieve a return as specified in the various partnership agreements. therefore, blackrock records carried interest subject to such clawback provisions in investments, or cash and cash equivalents to the extent that it is distributed, and as a deferred carried interest liability on its consolidated statements of financial condition. carried interest is recorded as performance fees on blackrock's consolidated statements of income when fees are no longer probable of significant reversal.
indemnifications. in the ordinary course of business or in connection with certain acquisition agreements, blackrock enters into contracts pursuant to which it may agree to indemnify third parties in certain circumstances. the terms of these indemnities vary from contract to contract and the amount of indemnification liability, if any, cannot be determined or the likelihood of any liability is considered remote and, therefore, has not been included in the table above or recorded in the consolidated statement of financial condition at december 31, 2020. see further discussion in note 16, commitments and contingencies, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements contained in part ii, item 8 of this filing.
on behalf of certain clients, the company lends securities to highly rated banks and broker-dealers. in these securities lending transactions, the borrower is required to provide and maintain collateral at or above regulatory minimums. securities on loan are marked to market daily to determine if the borrower is required to pledge additional collateral. in connection with securities lending transactions, blackrock has agreed to indemnify certain securities lending clients against potential loss resulting from a borrower's failure to fulfill its obligations under the securities lending agreement should the value of the collateral pledged by the borrower at the time of default be insufficient to cover the borrower's obligation under the securities lending agreement. the amount of securities on loan as of december 31, 2020 and subject to this type of indemnification was $270 billion. in the company's capacity as lending agent, cash and securities totaling $289 billion was held as collateral for indemnified securities on loan at december 31, 2020. the fair value of these indemnifications was not material at december 31, 2020.
while the collateral pledged by a borrower is intended to be sufficient to offset the borrower's obligations to return securities borrowed and any other amounts owing to the lender under the relevant securities lending agreement, in the event of a borrower default, the company can give no assurance that the collateral pledged by the borrower will be sufficient to fulfill such obligations. if the amount of such pledged collateral is not sufficient to fulfill such obligations to a client for whom the company has provided indemnification, blackrock would be responsible for the amount of the shortfall. these indemnifications cover only the collateral shortfall described above, and do not in any way guarantee, assume or otherwise insure the investment performance or return of any cash collateral vehicle into which securities lending cash collateral is invested.
compensation and benefit obligations. the company has various compensation and benefit obligations, including bonuses, commissions and incentive payments payable, defined contribution plan matching contribution obligations, and deferred compensation arrangements, that are excluded from the contractual obligations and commitments table above. accrued compensation and benefits at december 31, 2020 totaled $2,500 million and included annual incentive compensation of $1,685 million, deferred compensation of $428 million and other compensation and benefits related obligations of $387 million. substantially all of the incentive compensation liability was paid in the first quarter of 2021, while the deferred compensation obligations are payable over various periods, with the majority payable over periods of up to three years.
acquisition. on february 1, 2021, the company completed the acquisition of 100% of the equity interests of aperio, a pioneer in customizing tax-optimized index equity separately managed accounts ("smas") for approximately $1.1 billion in cash, using existing cash resources. the acquisition of aperio increased blackrock's sma assets and is expected to expand the breadth of the company's capabilities via tax-managed strategies across factors, broad market indexing, and investor environmental, social, and governance preferences across all asset classes. in connection with the acquisition, the company recorded an initial estimate of purchase price allocation at the date of the transaction primarily related to goodwill of approximately $0.8 billion and $0.3 billion of finite-lived intangible assets (mainly customer relationships), which will be amortized over their estimated lives, which range from 10 to 12 years, with a weighted-average estimated life of approximately 10 years. the goodwill recognized in connection with the acquisition is primarily attributable to anticipated synergies from the transaction. the amount of goodwill expected to be deductible for tax purposes is approximately $0.5 billion.
53
critical accounting policies the preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with gaap requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expense during the reporting periods. actual results could differ significantly from those estimates. management considers the following critical accounting policies important to understanding the consolidated financial statements. for a summary of these and additional accounting policies see note 2, significant accounting policies, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this filing.
consolidation in the normal course of business, the company is the manager of various types of sponsored investment vehicles. the company performs an analysis for investment products to determine if the product is a vie or a vre. assessing whether an entity is a vie or a vre involves judgment and analysis. factors considered in this assessment include the entity's legal organization, the entity's capital structure and equity ownership, and any related party or de facto agent implications of the company's involvement with the entity. investments that are determined to be vres are consolidated if the company can exert control over the financial and operating policies of the investee, which generally exists if there is greater than 50% voting interest. investments that are determined to be vies are consolidated if the company is the primary beneficiary ("pb") of the entity. blackrock is deemed to be the pb of a vie if it has the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the entities' economic performance and has the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits that potentially could be significant to the vie. the company generally consolidates vies in which it holds an economic interest of 10% or greater and deconsolidates such vies once equity ownership falls below 10%. see note 6, consolidated sponsored investment products, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements contained in part ii, item 8 of this filing for more information.
investments equity method investments. for equity investments where blackrock does not control the investee, and where it is not the pb of a vie, but can exert significant influence over the financial and operating policies of the investee, the company follows the equity method of accounting. the evaluation of whether the company exerts control or significant influence over the financial and operational policies of its investees requires significant judgment based on the facts and circumstances surrounding each individual investment. factors considered in these evaluations may include the type of investment, the legal structure of the investee, the terms and structure of the investment agreement, including investor voting or other rights, the terms of blackrock's advisory agreement or other agreements with the investee, any influence blackrock may have on the governing board of the investee, the legal rights of other investors in the entity pursuant to the fund's operating documents and the relationship between blackrock and other investors in the entity.
blackrock's equity method investees that are investment companies record their underlying investments at fair value. therefore, under the equity method of accounting, blackrock's share of the investee's underlying net income predominantly represents fair value adjustments in the investments held by the equity method investees. blackrock's share of the investee's underlying net income or loss is based upon the most currently available information and is recorded as nonoperating income (expense) for investments in investment companies, or as advisory and other revenue for certain corporate minority investments, which are recorded in other assets, since such investees are considered to be an extension of blackrock's core business.
at december 31, 2020, the company had $1,081 million and $399 million of equity method investments, included in investments and other assets, respectively, and at december 31, 2019, the company had $943 million and $531 million of equity method investments included in investments and other assets, respectively.
other nonequity method corporate minority investments.  other nonequity method corporate minority investments are recorded within other assets on the consolidated statements of financial condition. at december 31, 2020 and 2019, these investments totaled $272 million and $282 million, respectively, and included investments in equity securities, which are generally measured at fair value or under the measurement alternative to fair value for nonmarketable securities. changes in value of these securities are recorded in nonoperating income (expense) on the consolidated statements of income. see note 2, significant accounting policies, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements contained in part ii, item 8 of this filing for more information.
impairments of investments. evaluation of impairments involves significant assumptions and management judgments, which could differ from actual results, and these differences could have a material impact on the consolidated statements of income. see note 2, significant accounting policies, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements contained in part ii, item 8 of this filing for more information.
fair value measurements the company's assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement according to the fair value hierarchy (i.e., level 1, 2 and 3 inputs, as defined) in its entirety requires judgment and considers factors specific to the financial instrument. see note 2, significant accounting policies, in the consolidated financial statements contained in part ii, item 8 of this filing for more information on fair value measurements.
changes in valuation. changes in value on $6,919 million of investments will impact the company's nonoperating income (expense), $404 million are held at cost or amortized cost and the remaining $627 million relates to carried interest, which will not impact nonoperating income (expense). at december 31, 2020, changes in fair value of $4,372 million of consolidated sponsored investment products will impact blackrock's net income (loss) attributable to nci on the consolidated statements of income. blackrock's net exposure to changes in fair value of consolidated sponsored investment products was $1,886 million.
leases the company determines if a contract is a lease or contains a lease at inception. the identification of whether a contract contains a lease requires judgment, including determining whether there are identified assets in the contract that the company has control over for a specified period of time in exchange for consideration.
54
fixed lease payments are included in the measurement of rou assets and lease liabilities on the consolidated statement of financial condition. the company recognizes rou assets and lease liabilities based on the present value of these future lease payments over the lease term at the commencement date discounted using the company's incremental borrowing rate ("ibr"). management judgment is required in determining the company's ibr, including assessing the company's credit rating using various financial metrics, such as revenue, operating margin and revenue growth, and, as appropriate, performing market analysis of yields on publicly traded bonds (secured or unsecured) of comparable companies. see note 2, significant accounting policies, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements contained in part ii, item 8 of this filing for more information on leases.
goodwill and intangible assets the value of advisory contracts acquired in business acquisitions to manage aum in proprietary open-end investment funds as well as collective trust funds without a specified termination date are classified as indefinite-lived intangible assets. the assignment of indefinite lives to such investment fund contracts is based upon the assumption that there is no foreseeable limit on the contract period to manage these funds due to the likelihood of continued renewal at little or no cost. in addition, trade names/trademarks are considered indefinite-lived intangibles if they are expected to generate cash flows indefinitely. goodwill represents the cost of a business acquisition in excess of the fair value of the net assets acquired. indefinite-lived intangible assets and goodwill are not amortized.
finite-lived management contracts, which relate to acquired separate accounts and funds, investor/customer relationships, and technology related assets that are expected to contribute to the future cash flows of the company for a specified period of time are amortized over their remaining expected useful lives, which, at december 31, 2020 ranged from 1 to 10 years with a weighted-average remaining estimated useful life of seven years.
goodwill. the company assesses its goodwill for impairment at least annually, considering such factors as the book value and the market capitalization of the company. the impairment assessment performed as of july 31, 2020 indicated no impairment charge was required. the company continues to monitor its book value per share compared with closing prices of its common stock for potential indicators of impairment. at december 31, 2020, the company's common stock closed at $721.54, which exceeded its book value of approximately $231.31 per share.
indefinite-lived and finite-lived intangibles. the company performs assessments to determine if any intangible assets are impaired and whether the indefinite-life and finite-life classifications are still appropriate.
in evaluating whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of indefinite-lived intangibles is less than carrying value, blackrock performed certain quantitative assessments and assessed various significant qualitative factors including aum, revenue basis points, projected aum growth rates, operating margins, tax rates and discount rates. in addition, the company considered other factors including: (i) macroeconomic conditions such as a deterioration in general economic conditions, limitations on accessing capital, fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, or other developments in equity and credit markets; (ii) industry and market considerations such as a deterioration in the environment in which the company operates, an increased competitive environment, a decline in market-dependent multiples or metrics, a change in the market for an entity's services, or regulatory, legal or political developments; and (iii) the company-specific events, such as a change in management or key personnel, overall financial performance and litigation that could affect significant inputs used to determine the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset. if an indefinite-lived intangible is determined to be more likely than not impaired, then the fair value of the asset is compared with its carrying value and any excess of the carrying value over the fair value would be recognized as an expense in the period in which the impairment occurs.
for finite-lived intangible assets, if potential impairment circumstances are considered to exist, the company will perform a recoverability test, using an undiscounted cash flow analysis. actual results could differ from these cash flow estimates, which could materially impact the impairment conclusion. if the carrying value of the asset is determined not to be recoverable based on the undiscounted cash flow test, the difference between the book value of the asset and its current fair value would be recognized as an expense in the period in which the impairment occurs.
in addition, management judgment is required to estimate the period over which finite-lived intangible assets will contribute to the company's cash flows and the pattern in which these assets will be consumed. a change in the remaining useful life of any of these assets, or the reclassification of an indefinite-lived intangible asset to a finite-lived intangible asset, could have a significant impact on the company's amortization expense, which was $106 million, $97 million and $50 million for 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
in 2020, 2019 and 2018, the company performed impairment tests, including evaluating various qualitative factors and performing certain quantitative assessments. the company determined that no impairment charges were required and that the classification of indefinite-lived versus finite-lived intangibles was still appropriate and no changes were required to the expected lives of the finite-lived intangibles. the company continuously monitors various factors, including aum, for potential indicators of impairment.
contingent consideration liabilities in connection with certain acquisitions, blackrock is required to make contingent payments, subject to achieving specified performance targets. the fair value of this contingent consideration is estimated at the time of acquisition closing and is included in other liabilities on the consolidated statements of financial condition. as the fair value of the expected payments amount subsequently changes, the contingent consideration liability is adjusted, resulting in contingent consideration fair value adjustments recorded within general and administration expense of the consolidated statements of income. cash payments up to the acquisition date fair value amount of the contingent consideration liability are reflected as financing activities with excess (if any) cash payments classified in operating activities. any cash payments made soon after the acquisition date will be classified in investing activities.
55
revenue recognition revenue is recognized upon transfer of control of promised services to customers in an amount to which the company expects to be entitled in exchange for those services. the company enters into contracts that can include multiple services, which are accounted for separately if they are determined to be distinct. management judgment is required to identify distinct services and involves assessing such factors as whether the promised services significantly modify or customize one another or are highly interdependent or interrelated. management judgment may be also required when determining the following: when variable consideration is no longer probable of significant reversal (and hence can be included in revenue); whether certain revenue should be presented gross or net of certain related costs; when a promised service transfers to the customer; and the applicable method of measuring progress for services transferred to the customer over time. many of blackrock's promised services represent a series of distinct services (e.g., investment advisory services) in which the associated variable consideration (e.g., management fees) is allocated to specific days of service as opposed to over the entire contract term.
investment advisory and administration fees are recognized as the services are performed over time because the customer is receiving and consuming the benefits as they are provided by the company. fees are primarily based on agreed-upon percentages of aum and recognized for services provided during the period, which are distinct from services provided in other periods. such fees are affected by changes in aum, including market appreciation or depreciation, foreign exchange translation and net inflows or outflows. aum represents the broad range of financial assets the company manages for clients on a discretionary basis pursuant to investment management and trust agreements that are expected to continue for at least 12 months. in general, reported aum reflects the valuation methodology that corresponds to the basis used for determining revenue (for example, net asset values).
the company earns revenue by lending securities on behalf of clients, primarily to highly rated banks and broker-dealers. the securities loaned are secured by collateral, generally ranging from 102% to 112% of the value of the loaned securities. for 2020, 2019 and 2018, securities lending revenue earned by the company totaled $652 million, $617 million and $627 million, respectively, and is recorded in investment advisory, administration and securities lending revenue on the consolidated statements of income. investment advisory, administration fees and securities lending revenue are reported together as the fees for these services often are agreed upon with clients as a bundled fee.
the company receives investment advisory performance fees, including incentive allocations (carried interest) from certain actively managed investment funds and certain separately managed accounts. these performance fees are dependent upon exceeding specified relative or absolute investment return thresholds, which may vary by product or account, and include monthly, quarterly, annual or longer measurement periods.
performance fees, including carried interest, are recognized when it is determined that they are no longer probable of significant reversal (such as upon the sale of a fund's investment or when the amount of aum becomes known as of the end of a specified measurement period). given the unique nature of each fee arrangement, contracts with customers are evaluated on an individual basis to determine the timing of revenue recognition. significant judgement is involved in making such determination. performance fees typically arise from investment management services that began in prior reporting periods. consequently, a portion of the fees the company recognizes may be partially related to the services performed in prior periods that meet the recognition criteria in the current period. at each reporting date, the company considers various factors in estimating performance fees to be recognized, including carried interest. these factors include but are not limited to whether: (1) the fees are dependent on the market and thus are highly susceptible to factors outside the company's influence; (2) the fees have a large number and a broad range of possible amounts; and (3) the funds or separately managed accounts have the ability to invest or reinvest their sales proceeds.
the company is allocated carried interest from certain alternative investment products upon exceeding performance thresholds. the company may be required to reverse/return all, or part, of such carried interest allocations/distributions depending upon future performance of these products. carried interest subject to such clawback provisions is recorded in investments or cash and cash equivalents to the extent that it is distributed, on its consolidated statements of financial condition.
the company records a liability for deferred carried interest to the extent it receives cash or capital allocations related to carried interest prior to meeting the revenue recognition criteria. at december 31, 2020 and 2019, the company had $584 million and $483 million, respectively, of deferred carried interest recorded in other liabilities on the consolidated statements of financial condition. a portion of the deferred carried interest may also be paid to certain employees. the ultimate timing of the recognition of performance fee revenue and related compensation expense, if any, for these products is unknown. see note 17, revenue, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements for detailed changes in the deferred carried interest liability balance for 2020 and 2019.
fees earned for technology services are primarily recorded as services are performed and are generally determined using the value of positions on the aladdin platform or on a fixed-rate basis. revenue derived from the sale of software licenses is recognized upon the granting of access rights.
distribution and service fees earned for distributing investment products and providing support services to investment portfolios, are based on aum, and are recognized when the amount of fees is known.
adjustments to revenue arising from initial estimates recorded historically have been immaterial since the majority of blackrock's investment advisory and administration revenue is calculated based on aum and since the company does not record performance fee revenue until: (1) performance thresholds have been exceeded and (2) management determines the fees are no longer probable of significant reversal.
56
income taxes deferred income tax assets and liabilities are recognized for future tax consequences attributable to temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases using currently enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. the effect of a change in tax rates on deferred tax assets and liabilities is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date.
significant management judgment is required in estimating the ranges of possible outcomes and determining the probability of favorable or unfavorable tax outcomes and potential interest and penalties related to such unfavorable outcomes. actual future tax consequences relating to uncertain tax positions may be materially different than the company's current estimates. at december 31, 2020, blackrock had $940 million of gross unrecognized tax benefits, of which $565 million, if recognized, would affect the effective tax rate.
management is required to estimate the timing of the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities, make assumptions about the future deductibility of deferred income tax assets and assess deferred income tax liabilities based on enacted tax rates for the appropriate tax jurisdictions to determine the amount of such deferred income tax assets and liabilities. at december 31, 2020, the company had deferred income tax assets of $304 million and deferred income tax liabilities of $3,673 million on the consolidated statement of financial condition. changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities may occur in certain circumstances, including statutory income tax rate changes, statutory tax law changes, changes in the anticipated timing of recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities or changes in the structure or tax status of the company.
the company assesses whether a valuation allowance should be established against its deferred income tax assets based on consideration of all available evidence, both positive and negative, using a more likely than not standard. the assessment considers, among other matters, the nature, frequency and severity of recent losses, forecast of future profitability, the duration of statutory carry back and carry forward periods, the company's experience with tax attributes expiring unused, and tax planning alternatives.
the company records income taxes based upon its estimated income tax liability or benefit. the company's actual tax liability or benefit may differ from the estimated income tax liability or benefit. the company had current income taxes receivables of approximately $175 million and current income taxes payables of $131 million at december 31, 2020.
accounting developments for accounting pronouncements that the company adopted during the year ended december 31, 2020, see note 2, significant accounting policies, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements contained in part ii, item 8 of this filing.
57
