item 1a.    risk factors the following risk factors and other information included in this annual report on form 10-k should be considered. the risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial also may impact our business operations. if any of the following risks occur, our business including its financial performance, financial condition, operating results and cash flows could be adversely affected.
risks related to covid-19
we face risks related to the covid-19 pandemic that could adversely affect our business and financial performance.
the covid-19 pandemic has disrupted, and is likely to continue to disrupt, the global automotive industry and customer sales, production volumes, and purchases of light vehicles by end consumers. in
2020, global vehicle production decreased, and some vehicle manufacturers, at times, completely shut down manufacturing operations in some countries and regions, including the united states and europe. as a result, we have experienced, and are likely to continue to experience, delays in the production and distribution of our products and the loss of sales. if the global economic effects caused by covid-19 continue or increase, overall customer demand may continue to decrease, which could have a further adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
global government directives and initiatives to reduce the transmission of covid-19, such as the imposition of travel restrictions, closing of borders, stay-at-home directives and closing of entire plants, cities and countries, have materially impacted our operations. furthermore, covid-19 has impacted and may further impact the broader economies of affected countries, including negatively impacting economic growth, the proper functioning of financial and capital markets, foreign currency exchange rates, and interest rates. for example, the continued spread of covid-19 has led to disruption and volatility in the global capital markets, which adversely impact access to capital and increase the cost of capital.
due to the uncertainty of its duration and the timing of recovery, we are not able at this time to predict the extent to which covid-19 may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. the extent of the impact of covid-19 on our operational and financial performance, including our ability to execute our business strategies and initiatives in the expected time frames, will depend on future developments, including, but not limited to, the duration and spread of covid-19, its severity, the actions to contain covid-19 or treat its impact, including the availability and efficacy of the vaccines and any related restrictions on travel. furthermore, the duration, timing and severity of the impact on customer production, including any recession resulting from covid-19, are uncertain and cannot be predicted. an extended period of global supply chain and economic disruption as a result of covid-19 would have a further material negative impact on our business, results of operations, access to sources of liquidity and financial condition, though the full extent and duration are uncertain.
risks related to our acquisition of delphi technologies the failure to realize the expected benefits of the acquisition of delphi technologies and other risks associated with the acquisition could adversely affect our business.
the success of our acquisition of delphi technologies will depend in part on our ability to realize the expected benefits from combining the businesses of the company and delphi technologies. to realize these anticipated benefits, both companies must be successfully combined, which is subject to our ability to consolidate operations, corporate cultures and systems and our ability to eliminate redundancies and costs. if we are unsuccessful in combining our two companies, the anticipated benefits of the acquisition may not be realized fully or at all or may take longer to realize than expected. further, there is potential for unknown or inestimable liabilities relating to the acquired delphi technologies' businesses. in addition, the actual integration may result in additional and unforeseen expenses, which could reduce the anticipated benefits of the acquisition.
the combination of two independent businesses is a complex, costly and time-consuming process that will require significant management attention and resources. it is possible that the integration process could result in the loss of key employees, the disruption of our operations, the inability to maintain or increase our competitive presence, inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies, difficulties in achieving anticipated cost savings, synergies, business opportunities and growth prospects from the acquisition, the diversion of management's attention to integration matters and/or difficulties in the assimilation of employees and corporate cultures. any or all of these factors could adversely affect our ability to maintain relationships with customers and employees or to achieve the anticipated benefits of the acquisition and could have an adverse effect on the combined company. in addition, many of these factors are outside of our control, and any one of these factors could result in increased costs, decreases in the amount of expected revenues and additional diversion of management's time and energy, which could materially adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.
there could be significant liability if the previous delphi technologies separation from its former parent fails to qualify as a tax-free transaction for u.s. federal income tax purposes.
on december 4, 2017, delphi technologies became an independent publicly-traded company, following its separation from aptiv plc, formerly known as delphi automotive plc. the separation was completed in the form of a pro-rata distribution of 100% of delphi technologies ordinary shares to aptiv's shareholders. aptiv received an opinion from its tax counsel substantially to the effect that, for u.s. federal income tax purposes, the distribution qualified as a distribution under section 355(a) of the internal revenue code, subject to certain qualifications and limitations. based on this tax treatment, for u.s. federal income tax purposes, except with respect to cash received in lieu of a fractional delphi technologies ordinary share, aptiv shareholders did not recognize a gain or loss or include any amount in their income upon the receipt of delphi technologies ordinary shares in the distribution. the opinion was based on and relied on, among other things, certain facts, assumptions, representations and undertakings from aptiv and delphi technologies, including those regarding the past and future conduct of the companies' respective businesses and other matters. if any of these facts, assumptions, representations or undertakings are incorrect or not satisfied, aptiv may not be able to rely on the opinion, and aptiv's shareholders could be subject to significant u.s. federal income tax liabilities. notwithstanding the opinion of tax counsel, the internal revenue service could determine on audit that the distribution is taxable to aptiv's shareholders if it determines that any of these facts, assumptions, representations or undertakings are not correct or have been violated or if it disagrees with the conclusions in the opinion.
in addition, aptiv expects that restructuring transactions that it undertook in connection with the distribution will be taxed in a certain manner. if, contrary to aptiv's expectations, such transactions are taxed in a different manner, aptiv and/or delphi technologies may incur additional tax liabilities that may be substantial. if the company is required to pay any such liabilities, the payments could materially adversely affect the company's financial position.
under the tax matters agreement between aptiv and delphi technologies, we are required to indemnify aptiv against taxes that aptiv incurs that arise as a result of our taking or failing to take, as the case may be, certain actions that result in the distribution failing to meet the requirements of a distribution under section 355(a) of the code or that result in certain restructuring transactions in connection with the distribution failing to meet the requirements for tax-free treatment for u.s. federal income tax purposes.
risks related to our industry conditions in the automotive industry may adversely affect our business.
our financial performance depends on conditions in the global automotive industry. automotive and truck production and sales are cyclical and sensitive to general economic conditions and other factors including interest rates, consumer credit, and consumer spending and preferences. economic declines that result in significant reduction in automotive or truck production would have an adverse effect on our sales to oems.
we face strong competition.
we compete worldwide with a number of other manufacturers and distributors that produce and sell products similar to ours. price, quality, delivery, technological innovation, engineering development and program launch support are the primary elements of competition. our competitors include vertically integrated units of our major oem customers, as well as a large number of independent domestic and international suppliers. additionally, our competitors include start-ups that may be well funded, with the result that they could have more operational and financial flexibility than we have. a number of our competitors are larger than we are, and some competitors have greater financial and other resources than we do. although oems have indicated that they will continue to rely on outside suppliers, a number of our major oem customers manufacture products for their own uses that directly compete with our products. these oems could elect to manufacture such products for their own uses in place of the products we currently supply. our traditional oem customers, faced with intense international competition, have continued to expand their worldwide sourcing of components. as a result, we have experienced competition from suppliers in other parts of the world that enjoy economic advantages, such as lower labor costs, lower health care costs, lower tax rates and, in some cases, export or raw materials subsidies. increased competition could adversely affect our business. in addition, any of our competitors may foresee the course of market development more accurately than we do, develop products that are superior to our products, produce similar products at a cost that is lower than our cost, or adapt more quickly than we do to new technologies or evolving customer requirements. as a result, our products may not be able to compete successfully with our competitors' products, and we may not be able to meet the growing demands of customers. these trends may adversely affect our sales as well as the profit margins on our products.
if we do not respond appropriately, the evolution of the automotive industry could adversely affect our business.
the automotive industry is increasingly focused on the development of hybrid and electric vehicles and of advanced driver assistance technologies, with the goal of developing and introducing a commercially-viable, fully-automated driving experience. there has also been an increase in consumer preferences for mobility on demand services, such as car and ride sharing, as opposed to automobile ownership, which may result in a long-term reduction in the number of vehicles per capita. in addition, some industry participants are exploring transportation through alternatives to automobiles. these evolving areas have also attracted increased competition from entrants outside the traditional automotive industry. if we do not continue to innovate and develop, or acquire, new and compelling products that capitalize upon new technologies in response to oem and consumer preferences, this could have an adverse impact on our results of operations.
the increased adoption of gasoline and hybrid propulsion systems in western europe may materially reduce the demand for our current products.
the industry mix shift away from diesel propulsion systems in western europe has resulted and is expected to result in lower demand for current diesel components. this shift is expected to drive further increased demand for gasoline and hybrid propulsion systems. although we have developed and are currently in production with products for gasoline and hybrid propulsion systems and industry penetration rates for these products are expected to increase over the next several years, due to the high current penetration rates of our key technologies on diesel propulsion systems, this industry mix shift could adversely impact our near-term results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows.
risks related to our business we are under substantial pressure from oems to reduce the prices of our products.
there is substantial and continuing pressure on oems to reduce costs, including costs of products we supply. oem customers expect annual price reductions in our business. to maintain our profit margins, we seek price reductions from our suppliers, improved production processes to increase manufacturing efficiency, and streamlined product designs to reduce costs, and we attempt to develop new products, the benefits of which support stable or increased prices. our ability to pass through increased raw material costs to our oem customers is limited, with cost recovery often less than 100% and often on a delayed basis. inability to reduce costs in an amount equal to annual price reductions, increases in raw material costs, and increases in employee wages and benefits could have an adverse effect on our business.
we continue to face volatile costs of commodities used in the production of our products.
the company uses a variety of commodities (including aluminum, copper, nickel, plastic resins, steel, other raw materials and energy) and materials purchased in various forms such as castings, powder metal, forgings, stampings and bar stock. increasing commodity costs will have an impact on our results. we have sought to alleviate the impact of increasing costs by including a material pass-through provision in our customer contracts wherever possible and by selectively hedging certain commodity exposures. customers frequently challenge these contractual provisions and rarely pay the full cost of any increases in the cost of materials. the discontinuation or lessening of our ability to pass through or hedge increasing commodity costs could adversely affect our business.
from time to time, commodity prices may also fall rapidly. if this happens, suppliers may withdraw capacity from the market until prices improve which may cause periodic supply interruptions. the same may be true of our transportation carriers and energy providers. if these supply interruptions occur, it could adversely affect our business.
changes in u.s. administrative policy, including changes to existing trade agreements and any resulting changes in international trade relations, may have an adverse effect on us.
the united states has maintained tariffs on certain imported steel, aluminum and items originating from china. these tariffs have increased the cost of raw materials and components we purchase. the imposition of tariffs by the united states has resulted in retaliatory tariffs from a number of countries, including china, which increase the cost of products we sell. if the u.s. or other countries impose additional tariffs, that will have a further adverse impact on our business.
we use important intellectual property in our business. if we are unable to protect our intellectual property or if a third party makes assertions against us or our customers relating to intellectual property rights, our business could be adversely affected.
we own important intellectual property, including patents, trademarks, copyrights, and trade secrets, and are involved in numerous licensing arrangements. our intellectual property plays an important role in maintaining our competitive position in a number of the markets that we serve. our competitors may develop technologies that are similar or superior to our proprietary technologies or design around the patents we own or license. further, as we expand our operations in jurisdictions where the enforcement of intellectual property rights is less robust, the risk of others duplicating our proprietary technologies increases, despite efforts we undertake to protect them. our inability to protect or enforce our intellectual property rights or claims that we are infringing intellectual property rights of others could adversely affect our business and our competitive position.
we are subject to business continuity risks associated with increasing centralization of our information technology (it) systems.
to improve efficiency and reduce costs, we have regionally centralized the information systems that support our business processes such as invoicing, payroll, and general management operations. if the centralized systems are disrupted or disabled, key business processes could be interrupted, which could adversely affect our business.
a failure of or disruption in our information technology infrastructure, including a disruption related to cybersecurity, could adversely impact our business and operations.
we rely on the capacity, reliability and security of our it systems and infrastructure. it systems are vulnerable to disruptions, including those resulting from natural disasters, cyber attacks or failures in third-party-provided services. disruptions and attacks on our it systems pose a risk to the security of our systems and our ability to protect our networks and the confidentiality, availability and integrity of information and data and that of third parties, including our employees. some cyber attacks depend on human error or manipulation, including phishing attacks or schemes that use social engineering to gain access to systems or carry out disbursement of funds or other frauds, which raise the risks from such events and the costs associated with protecting against such attacks. although we have implemented security policies, processes, and layers of defense designed to help identify and protect against intentional and unintentional misappropriation or corruption of our systems and information, and disruptions of our operations, we have been, and likely will continue to be, subjected to such attacks or disruptions. future attacks or disruptions could potentially lead to the inappropriate disclosure of confidential information, including our intellectual property, improper use of our systems and networks, access to and manipulation and destruction of company or third party data, production downtimes, lost revenues, inappropriate disbursement of funds and both internal and external supply shortages. in addition, we may be required to incur significant costs to protect against damage caused by such attacks or disruptions in the future. these consequences could cause significant damage to our reputation, affect our relationships with our customers and suppliers, lead to claims against the company and ultimately adversely affect our business.
our business success depends on attracting and retaining qualified personnel.
our ability to sustain and grow our business requires us to hire, retain and develop a highly skilled and diverse management team and workforce worldwide. in particular, any unplanned turnover or inability to attract and retain key employees and employees with technical and software capabilities in numbers sufficient for our needs could adversely affect our business.
our profitability and results of operations may be adversely affected by program launch difficulties.
the launch of new business is a complex process, the success of which depends on a wide range of factors, including the production readiness of our manufacturing facilities and manufacturing processes and those of our suppliers, as well as factors related to tooling, equipment, employees, initial product quality and other factors. our failure to successfully launch new business, or our inability to accurately estimate the cost to design, develop and launch new business, could have an adverse effect on our profitability and results of operations.
to the extent we are not able to successfully launch new business, vehicle production at our customers could be significantly delayed or shut down. such situations could result in significant financial penalties to us or a diversion of personnel and financial resources to improving launches rather than investment in continuous process improvement or other growth initiatives, and could result in our customers shifting work away from us to a competitor, all of which could result in loss of revenue, or loss of market share and could have an adverse effect on our profitability and cash flows.
part of our workforce is unionized which could subject us to work stoppages.
as of december 31, 2020, approximately 12% of our u.s. workforce was unionized. we have a domestic collective bargaining agreement for one facility in new york, which expires in september 2024. the workforce at certain of our international facilities is also unionized. a prolonged dispute with our employees could have an adverse effect on our business.
work stoppages, production shutdowns and similar events could significantly disrupt our business.
because the automotive industry relies heavily on just-in-time delivery of components during the assembly and manufacture of vehicles, a work stoppage or production shutdown at one or more of our manufacturing and assembly facilities could have adverse effects on our business. similarly, if one or more of our customers were to experience a work stoppage or production shutdown, that customer would likely halt or limit purchases of our products, which could result in the shutdown of the related manufacturing facilities. a significant disruption in the supply of a key component due to a work stoppage or production shutdown at one of our suppliers or any other supplier could have the same consequences and, accordingly, have an adverse effect on our financial results.
changes in interest rates and asset returns could increase our pension funding obligations and reduce our profitability.
we have unfunded obligations under certain of our defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans. the valuation of our future payment obligations under the plans and the related plan assets is subject to significant adverse changes if the credit and capital markets cause interest rates and projected rates of return to decline. such declines could also require us to make significant additional contributions to our pension plans in the future. additionally, a material deterioration in the funded status of the plans could significantly increase our pension expenses and reduce profitability in the future.
we also sponsor post-employment medical benefit plans in the u.s. that are unfunded. if medical costs continue to increase or actuarial assumptions are modified, this could have an adverse effect on our business.
we are subject to extensive environmental regulations.
our operations are subject to laws governing, among other things, emissions to air, discharges to waters, and the generation, management, transportation and disposal of waste and other materials. the operation of automotive parts manufacturing plants entails risks in these areas, and we cannot assure that we will not incur material costs or liabilities as a result. through various acquisitions over the years, we have acquired a number of manufacturing facilities, and we cannot assure that we will not incur material costs and liabilities relating to activities that predate our ownership. in addition, potentially significant expenditures could be required to comply with evolving interpretations of existing environmental, health and safety laws and regulations or any new such laws and regulations (including concerns about global climate change and its impact) that may be adopted in the future. costs associated with failure to comply with such laws and regulations could have an adverse effect on our business.
we have liabilities related to environmental, product warranties, litigation and other claims.
we and certain of our current and former direct and indirect corporate predecessors, subsidiaries and divisions have been identified by the united states environmental protection agency and certain state environmental agencies and private parties as potentially responsible parties at various hazardous waste disposal sites under the comprehensive environmental response, compensation and liability act and equivalent state laws, and, as such, may be liable for the cost of clean-up and other remedial activities at such sites. while responsibility for clean-up and other remedial activities at such sites is typically shared among potentially responsible parties based on an allocation formula, we could have greater liability under applicable statutes. refer to note 21, "contingencies," to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report for further discussion.
we provide product warranties to our customers for some of our products. under these product warranties, we may be required to bear costs and expenses for the repair or replacement of these products. as suppliers become more integrally involved in the vehicle design process and assume more of the vehicle assembly functions, auto manufacturers are increasingly looking to their suppliers for contribution when faced with recalls and product warranty claims. a recall claim brought against us, or a product warranty claim brought against us, could adversely impact our results of operations. in addition, a recall claim could require us to review our entire product portfolio to assess whether similar issues are present in other product lines, which could result in significant disruption to our business and could have an adverse impact on our results of operations. we cannot assure that costs and expenses associated with these product warranties will not be material or that those costs will not exceed any amounts accrued for such product warranties in our financial statements.
we are currently, and may in the future become, subject to legal proceedings and commercial or contractual disputes. these claims typically arise in the normal course of business and may include, but not be limited to, commercial or contractual disputes with our customers and suppliers, intellectual property matters, personal injury, product liability, environmental and employment claims. there is a possibility that such claims may have an adverse impact on our business that is greater than we anticipate. while the company maintains insurance for certain risks, the amount of insurance may not be adequate to cover all insured claims and liabilities. the incurring of significant liabilities for which there is no, or insufficient, insurance coverage could adversely affect our business.
compliance with and changes in laws could be costly and could affect operating results.
we have operations in multiple countries that can be impacted by expected and unexpected changes in the legal and business environments in which we operate. compliance-related issues in certain countries associated with laws such as the foreign corrupt practices act and other anti-corruption laws could adversely affect our business. we have internal policies and procedures relating to compliance with such laws; however, there is a risk that such policies and procedures will not always protect us from the improper acts of employees, agents, business partners, joint venture partners, or representatives, particularly in the case of recently-acquired operations that may not have significant training in applicable compliance policies and procedures. violations of these laws, which are complex, may result in criminal penalties, sanctions and/or fines that could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations and reputation.
changes that could impact the legal environment include new legislation, new regulations, new policies, investigations and legal proceedings, and new interpretations of existing legal rules and regulations, in particular, changes in import and export control laws or exchange control laws, additional restrictions on doing business in countries subject to sanctions, and changes in laws in countries where we operate or intend to operate.
changes in tax laws or tax rates taken by taxing authorities and tax audits could adversely affect our business.
changes in tax laws or tax rates, the resolution of tax assessments or audits by various tax authorities, and the inability to fully utilize our tax loss carryforwards and tax credits could adversely affect our operating results. in addition, we may periodically restructure our legal entity organization.
if taxing authorities were to disagree with our tax positions in connection with any such restructurings, our effective tax rate could be materially affected. our tax filings for various periods are subject to audit by the tax authorities in most jurisdictions where we conduct business. we have received tax assessments from various taxing authorities and are currently at varying stages of appeals and/or litigation regarding these matters. these audits may result in assessment of additional taxes that are resolved with the authorities or through the courts. we believe these assessments may occasionally be based on erroneous and even arbitrary interpretations of local tax law. resolution of any tax matters involves uncertainties, and there are no assurances that the outcomes will be favorable.
our growth strategy may prove unsuccessful.
we have a stated goal of increasing sales and operating income at a rate greater than global vehicle production growth, if any, by increasing content per vehicle with innovative new components and through select acquisitions.
we may not meet our goal due to many factors, including any of the risks identified in the paragraph that follows, failure to develop new products that our customers will purchase, technology changes that could render our products obsolete, and a reversal of the trend of supplying systems (which allows us to increase content per vehicle) instead of components, among other things.
we expect to continue to pursue business ventures, acquisitions, and strategic alliances that leverage our technology capabilities, enhance our customer base, geographic representation, and scale to complement our current businesses, and we regularly evaluate potential growth opportunities, some of which could be material. while we believe that such transactions are an integral part of our long-term strategy, there are risks and uncertainties related to these activities. assessing a potential growth opportunity involves extensive due diligence. however, the amount of information we can obtain about a potential growth opportunity can be limited, and we can give no assurance that past or future business ventures, acquisitions, and strategic alliances will positively affect our financial performance or will perform as planned. we may not be able to successfully assimilate or integrate companies that we have acquired or acquire in the future, including their personnel, financial systems, distribution, operations and general operating procedures. the integration of companies that we have acquired or will acquire in the future may be more difficult, time consuming or costly than expected. revenues following the acquisition of a company may be lower than expected, customer loss and business disruption (including, without limitation, difficulties in maintaining relationships with employees, customers, or suppliers) may be greater than expected, and we may not be able to retain key employees at the acquired company. we may also encounter challenges in achieving appropriate internal control over financial reporting in connection with the integration of an acquired company. if we fail to assimilate or integrate acquired companies successfully, our business, reputation and operating results could be adversely affected. likewise, our failure to integrate and manage acquired companies or realize certain synergies successfully may lead to future impairment of any associated goodwill and intangible asset balances. failure to execute our growth strategy could adversely affect our business.
we are subject to risks related to our international operations.
we have manufacturing and technical facilities in many regions including europe, asia, and the americas. for 2020, approximately 80% of our consolidated net sales were outside the u.s. consequently, our results could be affected by changes in trade, monetary and fiscal policies, trade restrictions or prohibitions, import or other charges or taxes, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, limitations on the repatriation of funds, changing economic conditions, unreliable intellectual property protection and legal systems, insufficient infrastructures, social unrest, political instability and disputes, international terrorism and other factors that may be discrete to a particular country or geography. compliance with multiple and potentially conflicting laws and regulations of various countries is challenging, burdensome and expensive.
the financial statements of foreign subsidiaries are translated to u.s. dollars using the period-end exchange rate for assets and liabilities and an average exchange rate for each period for revenues, expenses and capital expenditures. the local currency is typically the functional currency for the company's foreign subsidiaries. significant foreign currency fluctuations and the associated translation of those foreign currencies could adversely affect our business. additionally, significant changes in currency exchange rates, particularly the euro, korean won and chinese renminbi, could cause fluctuations in the reported results of our businesses' operations that could negatively affect our results of operations.
because we are a u.s. holding company, one significant source of our funds is distributions from our non-u.s. subsidiaries. certain countries in which we operate have adopted or could institute currency exchange controls that limit or prohibit our local subsidiaries' ability to convert local currency into u.s. dollars or to make payments outside the country. this could subject us to the risks of local currency devaluation and business disruption.
our business in china is subject to aggressive competition and is sensitive to economic, political, and market conditions.
maintaining a strong position in the chinese market is a key component of our global growth strategy. the automotive supply market in china is highly competitive, with competition from many of the largest global manufacturers and numerous smaller domestic manufacturers. as the chinese market evolves, we anticipate that market participants will act aggressively to increase or maintain their market share. increased competition may result in price reductions, reduced margins and our inability to gain or hold market share. in addition, our business in china is sensitive to economic, political, social and market conditions that drive sales volumes in china. economic growth has slowed in china. if we are unable to maintain our position in the chinese market or if vehicle sales in china decrease, our business and financial results could be adversely affected.
a downgrade in the ratings of our debt could restrict our ability to access the debt capital markets.
changes in the ratings that rating agencies assign to our debt may ultimately impact our access to the debt capital markets and the costs we incur to borrow funds. if ratings for our debt fall below investment grade, our access to the debt capital markets could become restricted and our cost of borrowing or the interest rate for any subsequently issued debt would likely increase.
our revolving credit agreement includes an increase in interest rates if the ratings for our debt are downgraded. the interest costs on our revolving credit agreement are based on a rating grid agreed to in our credit agreement. further, an increase in the level of our indebtedness and related interest costs may increase our vulnerability to adverse general economic and industry conditions and may affect our ability to obtain additional financing.
we could incur additional restructuring charges as we continue to execute actions in an effort to improve future profitability and competitiveness and to optimize our product portfolio and may not achieve the anticipated savings and benefits from these actions.
we have initiated and may continue to initiate restructuring actions designed to improve the competitiveness of our business and sustain our margin profile, optimize our product portfolio or create an optimal legal entity structure. we may not realize anticipated savings or benefits from past or future actions in full or in part or within the time periods we expect. we are also subject to the risks of labor unrest, negative publicity and business disruption in connection with our actions. failure to realize anticipated savings or benefits from our actions could have an adverse effect on our business.
risks related to our customers we rely on sales to major customers.
we rely on sales to oems around the world of varying credit quality and manufacturing demands. supply to several of these customers requires significant investment by the company. we base our growth projections, in part, on commitments made by our customers. these commitments generally renew yearly during a program life cycle. among other things, the level of production orders we receive is dependent on the ability of our oem customers to design and sell products that consumers desire to purchase. if actual production orders from our customers do not approximate such commitments due to a variety of factors including non-renewal of purchase orders, a customer's financial hardship or other unforeseen reasons, it could adversely affect our business.
some of our sales are concentrated. our worldwide sales in 2020 to ford and volkswagen constituted approximately 13% and 11% of our 2020 consolidated net sales, respectively.
we are sensitive to the effects of our major customers' labor relations.
all three of our primary north american customers, ford, stellantis, and general motors, have major union contracts with the united automobile, aerospace and agricultural implement workers of america. because of domestic oems' dependence on a single union, we are affected by labor difficulties and work stoppages at oems' facilities. similarly, a majority of our global customers' operations outside of north america are also represented by various unions. any extended work stoppage at one or more of our customers could have an adverse effect on our business.
risks related to our suppliers we could be adversely affected by supply shortages of components from our suppliers.
in an effort to manage and reduce the cost of purchased goods and services, we have been rationalizing our supply base. as a result, we are dependent on fewer sources of supply for certain components used in the manufacture of our products. we select suppliers based on total value (including total landed price, quality, delivery, and technology), taking into consideration their production capacities and financial condition. we expect that they will deliver to our stated written expectations.
however, there can be no assurance that capacity limitations, industry shortages, labor or social unrest, weather emergencies, commercial disputes, government actions, riots, wars, sabotage, cyber attacks, non-conforming parts, acts of terrorism, "acts of god," or other problems that our suppliers experience will not result in occasional shortages or delays in their supply of components to us. if we were to experience a significant or prolonged shortage of critical components from any of our suppliers and could not procure the components from other sources, we would be unable to meet the production schedules for some of our key products and could miss customer delivery expectations. in addition, with fewer sources of supply for certain components, each supplier may perceive that it has greater leverage and, therefore, some ability to seek higher prices from us at a time that we face substantial pressure from oems to reduce the prices of our products. this could adversely affect our customer relations and business.
suppliers' economic distress could result in the disruption of our operations and could adversely affect our business.
rapidly changing industry conditions such as volatile production volumes; our need to seek price reductions from our suppliers as a result of the substantial pressure we face from oems to reduce the prices of our products; credit tightness; changes in foreign currencies; raw material, commodity, tariffs, transportation, and energy price escalation; drastic changes in consumer preferences; and other factors could adversely affect our supply chain, and sometimes with little advance notice. these conditions could also result in increased commercial disputes and supply interruption risks. in certain instances, it would be difficult and expensive for us to change suppliers that are critical to our business. on occasion, we must provide financial support to distressed suppliers or take other measures to protect our supply lines. we cannot predict with certainty the potential adverse effects these costs might have on our business.
we are subject to possible insolvency of financial counterparties.
we engage in numerous financial transactions and contracts including insurance policies, letters of credit, credit line agreements, financial derivatives, and investment management agreements involving various counterparties. we are subject to the risk that one or more of these counterparties may become insolvent and therefore be unable to meet its obligations under such contracts.
other risks a variety of other factors could adversely affect our business.
any of the following could materially and adversely affect our business: the loss of or changes in supply contracts or sourcing strategies of our major customers or suppliers; start-up expenses associated with new vehicle programs or delays or cancellation of such programs; low levels of utilization of our manufacturing facilities, which can be dependent on a single product line or customer; inability to recover engineering and tooling costs; market and financial consequences of recalls that may be required on products we supplied; delays or difficulties in new product development; the possible introduction of similar or superior technologies by others; global excess capacity and vehicle platform proliferation; and the impact of fire, flood, or other natural disasters including pandemics and quarantines.
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations introduction borgwarner inc. and consolidated subsidiaries (the "company") is a global product leader in clean and efficient technology solutions for combustion, hybrid and electric vehicles. our products help improve vehicle performance, propulsion efficiency, stability and air quality. these products are manufactured and sold worldwide, primarily to original equipment manufacturers ("oems") of light vehicles (passenger cars, sport-utility vehicles ("suvs"), vans and light trucks). the company's products are also sold to other oems of commercial vehicles (medium-duty trucks, heavy-duty trucks and buses) and off-highway vehicles (agricultural and construction machinery and marine applications). we also manufacture and sell our products to certain tier one vehicle systems suppliers and into the aftermarket for light, commercial and off-highway vehicles. the company operates manufacturing facilities serving customers in europe, the americas and asia and is an original equipment supplier to nearly every major automotive oem in the world.
acquisition of delphi technologies plc on october 1, 2020, the company completed its acquisition of 100% of the outstanding ordinary shares of delphi technologies plc ("delphi technologies") from the shareholders of delphi technologies pursuant to the terms of the transaction agreement, dated january 28, 2020, as amended on may 6, 2020, by and between the company and delphi technologies (the "transaction agreement"). pursuant to the terms of the transaction agreement, the company issued, in exchange for each delphi technologies share, 0.4307 of a share of common stock of the company and cash in lieu of any fractional share. in the aggregate, the company delivered consideration of approximately $2.4 billion, including approximately 37 million shares of common stock of the company, valued at $1.5 billion, repayment of approximately $900 million of delphi technologies' debt and stock-based compensation of approximately $15 million. upon closing, the company also assumed approximately $800 million in senior notes as discussed below. the acquisition is expected to strengthen the company's electronics and power electronics products, capabilities and scale, position the company for greater growth as electrified propulsion systems gain momentum and enhance key combustion, commercial vehicle and aftermarket product offerings.
on october 5, 2020, the company completed its offer to exchange approximately $800 million in aggregate principal amount of delphi technologies' outstanding 5.000% senior notes due 2025 (the "dt notes"). approximately $776 million in aggregate principal amount of outstanding dt notes, representing 97% of the $800 million total outstanding principal amount of the dt notes, were validly exchanged and cancelled for new borgwarner notes. following such cancellation, approximately $24 million in aggregate principal amount of the dt notes remain outstanding. since the majority of the dt notes were exchanged, the company was able to eliminate substantially all of the restrictive covenants and events of default not related to payment on the $800 million in outstanding senior notes of the company.
following the delphi technologies acquisition, to align with the manner in which the business is viewed and managed subsequent to the acquisition, the company reorganized its management reporting structure. previously, the company reported its results under two reporting segments, engine and drivetrain, which are now referred to as air management and e-propulsion & drivetrain, respectively. the former delphi technologies powertrain products segment was integrated into the air management segment and the former delphi technologies electronics & electrification segment was integrated into the e-propulsion & drivetrain segment. the remaining delphi technologies segments comprise two additional reporting segments, which are referred to as fuel injection and aftermarket.
results of operations for delphi technologies are included in the company's financial information following the date of acquisition on october 1, 2020.
covid-19 pandemic update to date, covid-19 has surfaced in nearly all regions around the world and has resulted, at times, in travel restrictions, closing of borders and business slowdowns or shutdowns in affected areas. many oems temporarily suspended certain manufacturing operations, particularly in north america and europe, due to market conditions and matters associated with covid-19. furthermore, covid-19 has impacted and may further impact the broader economies of affected countries, including negatively impacting economic growth, the proper functioning of financial and capital markets, foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates. the continued spread of covid-19 has led to disruption and volatility in the global capital markets, which adversely impact the access to capital and increase the cost of capital.
in response to the outbreak and business disruption, we, first and foremost, prioritized the health and safety of our employees. as a global manufacturer, we have responded to shelter-in-place and similar government orders in various locations around the world, including throughout the united states and europe. additionally, our employees must respond to self-isolation and quarantine orders based on circumstances in their local communities, which continues to impact our facilities. the reopening procedures related to covid-19 led to a number of employee safety measures upon reopening to contain the spread, including domestic and international travel restrictions, work-from-home practices, extensive cleaning protocols, social distancing guidelines, requirement for employees to wear masks and various temporary closures of or reduced operations at our manufacturing and assembly facilities.
in april 2020, we implemented a range of actions aimed at temporarily reducing costs and preserving liquidity. these actions included, but were not limited to:
•a temporary 20% reduction in base salaries of our senior executive leadership team and annual retainers of our non-employee directors;
•up to 10% temporary base pay reductions for other salaried employees; and
•reductions in discretionary spending, such as outside professional services and travel.
effective september 1, 2020, all of the base pay and annual retainer reductions had been eliminated.
we continue to monitor the evolving situation and guidance from international and domestic authorities, including federal, state and local public health authorities and may take additional actions based on their recommendations. in these circumstances, there may be developments outside our control requiring us to adjust our operating plan. to date, covid-19 has had a material adverse impact on our revenue and overall profitability, primarily in the quarter ended june 30, 2020. significant reductions in automotive or truck production have had, and may continue to have, an adverse effect on the company's sales to oems. while production levels increased in the third and fourth quarters and revenue and profitability improved, covid-19 continues to impact our business globally, and it is possible covid-19 could result in adverse impacts in the future. we cannot reasonably estimate the full impacts covid-19 could have on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows in the future.
as of december 31, 2020, we had liquidity of $3,650 million, comprised of cash and cash equivalent balances of $1,650 million and an undrawn revolving credit facility of $2,000 million. we were in full compliance with our covenants under the revolving credit facility and had full access to our undrawn revolving credit facility. debt maturities through the end of 2021 total $45 million. given our strong liquidity position, we believe that the company will have sufficient liquidity and will maintain compliance with all covenants throughout the next 12 months.
results of operations a detailed comparison of the company's 2018 operating results to its 2019 operating results can be found in the management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations section in the company's 2019 annual report on form 10-k filed february 13, 2020.
the following table presents a summary of our operating results:
year ended december 31,
(in millions, except per share data)                                                                                 2020                                                         2019
net sales                                                                                                  % of net sales                                               % of net sales air management                                                                $5,678                          55.9      %                  $6,214                          61.1      %
e-propulsion &amp; drivetrain                                                  3,989                          39.2                          4,015                          39.5
fuel injection                                                                   479                           4.7                              -                             -
aftermarket                                                                      194                           1.9                              -                             -
inter-segment eliminations                                                     (175)                         (1.7)                           (61)                         (0.6)
total net sales                                                               10,165                         100.0                         10,168                         100.0
cost of sales                                                                  8,255                          81.2                          8,067                          79.3
gross profit                                                                   1,910                          18.8                          2,101                          20.7
selling, general and administrative expenses - r&amp;d                           476                           4.7                            413                           4.1
selling, general and administrative expenses - other                             475                           4.7                            460                           4.5
other operating expense - restructuring expense                                  203                           2.0                             72                           0.7
other operating expense (income), net - other                                    138                           1.4                          (147)                         (1.4)
operating income                                                                 618                           6.1                          1,303                          12.8
equity in affiliates' earnings, net of tax                                      (18)                         (0.2)                           (32)                         (0.3)
unrealized gain on equity securities                                           (382)                         (3.8)                              -                             -
interest income                                                                 (12)                         (0.1)                           (12)                         (0.1)
interest expense                                                                  73                           0.7                             55                           0.5
other postretirement (income) expense                                            (7)                         (0.1)                             27                           0.3
earnings before income taxes and noncontrolling interest                         964                           9.5                          1,265                          12.4
provision for income taxes                                                       397                           3.9                            468                           4.6
net earnings                                                                     567                           5.6                            797                           7.8
net earnings attributable to the noncontrolling interest, net of tax              67                           0.7                             51                           0.5
net earnings attributable to borgwarner inc.                                    $500                           4.9      %                    $746                           7.3      %
earnings per share - diluted                                                   $2.34                                                        $3.61
