item 1a.   risk factors

risks related to our business the global outbreak of the novel coronavirus, or covid-19, has caused severe disruptions in the u.s. and global economies and has adversely impacted, and may continue to adversely impact, our performance and results of operations.
the covid-19 pandemic and related shutdowns or limitations in the operations of certain non-essential businesses have created economic and financial disruptions that have adversely impacted, and may continue to adversely impact, our business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and prospects materially. the pandemic has also exacerbated many of the other risks discussed in this "risk factors" section. although an economic recovery is partially underway, it continues to be uneven and characterized by meaningful dispersion across sectors and regions, with uncertainty regarding its ultimate length and trajectory.
the longer the pandemic impacts activity levels in the locations and sectors in which we and our portfolio companies operate, the more likely it is to have a sustained, material impact on the economy and on us. in particular, issues with respect to the distribution or adoption of vaccines or the spread of variants of the virus could lead people to continue to self-isolate and not participate in the economy at pre-pandemic levels for a prolonged period of time. these and other factors may delay a return to pre-pandemic, ordinary course economic activity, or cause the u.s. economy or other major global economies to experience a recession.
if and when the covid-19 pandemic subsides, the market turmoil and other changes associated with the pandemic may have lasting effects on our business and operations. the proliferation of remote working may result in long-term changed market, consumer and workplace practices that could negatively impact us and our business. increased adoption of and familiarity with remote work practices could result in continued decreased demand for business and leisure travel, hotel stays, conference facilities, select u.s. urban residential and office assets, diesel fuel and gasoline. in addition, consumer practices and demands may permanently, or for an extended period, change from what they were prior to the onset of covid-19, including avoiding activities where people are in close proximity to each other, which could adversely affect certain of our investments. failure of our investment strategies to adapt to these and other changes could adversely impact the returns on our investments.
adverse impacts on our business as a result of the covid-19 pandemic include, and may in the future include, but are not limited to:
•   performance revenues. our ability to realize value from our investments was adversely impacted, and could continue to be adversely impacted, by decreased portfolio company revenues and earnings, lack of potential buyers with financial resources to pursue an acquisition, and limited access to the equity capital markets. during the year ended december 31, 2020, certain of our unrealized investment valuations, particularly in the sectors most directly impacted by the covid-19 pandemic, declined significantly from their valuations at december 31, 2019. valuation declines in 2020 resulted in a decline in our net accrued performance revenues as of december 31, 2020 as compared to december 31, 2019. such declines, if sustained, would adversely impact our realized performance revenues in future periods. during parts of 2020, limited opportunities for realizing gains also delayed or eliminated receipt of performance revenues as preferred return thresholds became harder to achieve. although the continuing market recovery through the fourth quarter of 2020 has contributed to capital deployment and realizations, a potential market downturn, or a slower economic recovery, and associated declines in the value of investments as well as limited capital deployment and realization opportunities could reduce our performance revenues.

•   management fees. as discussed above, while continuing market recovery since the onset of the covid-19 pandemic has contributed to capital deployment, realization and fundraising activity, a potential market downturn may cause us to experience a decline in the pace of our investments. the pandemic slowed our anticipated fundraising pace for new or successor funds during the first quarter of 2020. although our fundraising pace substantially recovered during the remainder of 2020, we may experience another such decline in the pace of our investments and of our recovery. if our funds are unable to deploy capital at a pace that is sufficient to offset the pace of our realizations, our fee revenues could decrease.

21
•   investment performance. many of our investments are in industries that have been materially impacted by covid-19 and related public health restrictions and recommendations, including shutdowns or limitations in operations. for example, certain investments in our real estate portfolio, such as those in the hospitality, location-based entertainment and retail sectors and, in certain geographies, in the office and residential sectors as well as in our private equity portfolio, such as those in the travel, leisure and events sectors, have experienced material reductions in value and continue to be adversely impacted. similarly, in the first quarter of 2020, our energy investments were materially adversely impacted by supply and demand shocks that created historic dislocation in the energy markets. we have also seen an increasing focus toward rent regulation as a means to address residential affordability caused by undersupply of housing in certain markets in the u.s. and europe, as well as an increasing focus on the institution of eviction limitations in response to the covid-19 pandemic in the u.s. such conditions (which may be across industries, sectors or geographies) may contribute to adverse operating performance, including by moderating rent growth in certain geographies and markets in our residential portfolio. if the disruptions caused by covid-19 continue, the businesses of impacted portfolio companies could suffer materially, which would decrease the value of our funds' investments. furthermore, such negative market conditions could potentially result in a portfolio company entering bankruptcy proceedings, thereby potentially resulting in a complete loss of the fund's investment in such portfolio company and a significant negative impact to the investment fund's performance and consequently to our operating results and cash flow, as well as to our reputation.

•   liquidity. our portfolio companies faced, and may face in the future, increased credit and liquidity risk due to volatility in financial markets, reduced revenue streams, and limited access or higher cost of financing, which may result in potential impairment of our or our funds' investments. changes in the debt financing markets impacted, and may in the future impact, the ability of our portfolio companies to meet their respective financial obligations. for example, the initial outbreak of the pandemic created additional pressure for certain of our portfolio companies' and investments' liquidity needs, including by adversely impacting rent collection and operational performance in certain sectors and geographies. although we have multiple sources of liquidity to meet our capital needs, changes in the debt financing markets may also in the future impact our ability to refinance our debt obligations. in addition, borrowers of loans, notes and other credit instruments in our credit funds' portfolios may be unable to meet their principal or interest payment obligations or satisfy financial covenants, and tenants leasing real estate properties owned by our funds may not be able to pay rents in a timely manner or at all, resulting in a decrease in value of our funds' credit and real estate investments and lower than expected return. in addition, for variable rate instruments, lower reference rates resulting from government stimulus programs in response to covid-19 could lead to lower interest income for our credit funds. we experienced a period of significant dislocation during the first quarter of 2020, when the liquidity of certain assets traded in the credit markets was limited. another period of such dislocation due to the economic uncertainty could impact the value of certain assets held by our real estate debt, credit and hedge fund solutions funds, such funds' ability to sell assets at attractive prices or in a timely manner in order to avoid losses and the likelihood of margin calls from credit providers. in addition, a sudden contraction of liquidity in the credit markets, including as a result of overwhelming desire for liquidity on the part of market participants, is likely to exacerbate the likelihood of forced sales of assets and margins calls, which would result in further declines in the value of assets. for example, in our hedge funds solutions segment, such a contraction could cause investors to seek liquidity in the form of redemptions from our funds, adversely impacting management fees.

•   operational risks. in accordance with local government guidance and social distancing recommendations, the majority of our employees globally have been working remotely during the covid-19 pandemic. while our technology infrastructure has supported remote work, such working environments may be less secure and more susceptible to hacking attacks, including phishing and social engineering attempts that seek to exploit the covid-19 pandemic. in addition, third party service providers on whom we have become increasingly reliant for certain aspects of our business, including for certain information systems, technology (including cloud-based services) and the administration of certain funds, could be impacted by an inability to perform due to covid-19 restrictions or by failures of, or attacks on, their information systems and technology.

22
•   employee-related risks. covid-19 continues to present a significant threat to our employees' and their families' well-being. our employees or executive officers may become sick or otherwise unable to perform their duties for an extended period of time, and extended public health restrictions and remote working arrangements may impact employee morale. in addition to any potential impact of such extended illness on our operations, we may be exposed to the risk of litigation by our employees against us for, among other things, failure to take adequate steps to protect their well-being, particularly in the event they become sick after a return to the office. a prolonged period of remote work may also make it more difficult to integrate new employees and maintain our culture.

the extent to which the covid-19 pandemic will affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and prospects materially will depend on future developments, including the duration, spread and intensity of the pandemic, the duration of government measures to mitigate the pandemic and how quickly and to what extent normal economic and operating conditions can resume, all of which are uncertain and difficult to predict.
difficult market and geopolitical conditions can adversely affect our business in many ways, each of which could materially reduce our revenue, earnings and cash flow and adversely affect our financial prospects and condition.
our business is materially affected by financial market and economic conditions and events throughout the world that are outside our control. we may not be able to or may choose not to manage our exposure to these conditions and/or events. such conditions and/or events can adversely affect our business in many ways, including by reducing the ability of our funds to raise or deploy capital, reducing the value or performance of the investments made by our funds and making it more difficult to fund opportunities for our funds to exist and realize value from existing investment. this could in turn materially reduce our revenue, earnings and cash flow and adversely affect our financial prospects and condition. in addition, in the face of a difficult market or economic environment, we may need to reduce our fixed costs and other expenses in order to maintain profitability, including by cutting back or eliminating the use of certain services or service providers, or terminating the employment of a significant number of our personnel that, in each case, could be important to our business and without which our operating results could be adversely affected. a failure to manage or reduce our costs and other expenses within a time frame sufficient to match any decrease in profitability would adversely affect our operating performance.
turmoil in the global financial markets can provoke significant volatility of equity and debt securities prices. this can have a material and rapid impact on our mark-to-market valuations, particularly with respect to our public holdings and credit investments. as publicly traded equity securities have in recent years represented a significant proportion of the assets of many of our carry funds, stock market volatility, including a sharp decline in the stock market, such as the one experienced in the first quarter of 2020, may adversely affect our results, including our revenues and net income. in addition, our public equity holdings have at times been and are currently concentrated in a few large positions, thereby making our unrealized mark-to-market valuations particularly sensitive to sharp changes in the price of any of these positions. further, although the equity markets are not the only means by which we exit investments, should we experience another period of challenging equity markets, our funds may experience increased difficulty in realizing value from investments.
geopolitical concerns and other global events, including, without limitation, trade conflict, national and international political circumstances (including wars, terrorist acts or security operations) and pandemics or other severe public health events, have contributed and may continue to contribute to volatility in global equity and debt markets.
23
in addition to the factors described above, other factors described herein that may affect market, economic and geopolitical conditions, and thereby adversely affect our business include, without limitation:
•   economic slowdown in the u.s. and internationally,

•   changes in interest rates and/or a lack of availability of credit in the u.s. and internationally,

•   commodity price volatility, and

•   changes in law and/or regulation, and uncertainty regarding government and regulatory policy, including in connection with the new administration.

a period of economic slowdown, which may be across one or more industries, sectors or geographies, has contributed and could in the future contribute to adverse operating performance for certain of our funds' investments, which would adversely affect our operating results and cash flows.
countries and industries around the globe continue to grapple with the economic impacts of the covid-19 pandemic. although the global economy has begun reopening, the economic recovery may continue to be uneven and characterized by meaningful dispersion across sectors and regions. any deceleration in the rate of global growth in certain industries, sectors or geographies may contribute to poor financial results at our funds' portfolio companies, which may result in lower investment returns for our funds. for example, periods of economic weakness have and may in the future contribute to a decline in commodity prices and/or volatility in the oil and natural gas markets, each of which would have an adverse effect on our energy investments. the performance of our funds' portfolio companies would also likely be negatively impacted if pressure on wages and other inputs increasingly pressure profit margins. to the extent the performance of those portfolio companies (as well as valuation multiples) do not improve, our funds may sell those assets at values that are less than we projected or even a loss, thereby significantly affecting those investment funds' performance. in addition, as the governing agreements of our funds contain only limited requirements regarding diversification of fund investments (by, for example, sector or geographic region), during periods of economic slowdown in certain sectors or regions, the impact on our funds may be exacerbated by concentration of investments in such sector or region. as a result, our ability to raise new funds, as well as our operating results and cash flows could be adversely affected.
in addition, during periods of weakness, our funds' portfolio companies may also have difficulty expanding their businesses and operations or meeting their debt service obligations or other expenses as they become due, including expenses payable to us. furthermore, such negative market conditions could potentially result in a portfolio company entering bankruptcy proceedings, thereby potentially resulting in a complete loss of the fund's investment in such portfolio company and a significant negative impact to the investment fund's performance and consequently to our operating results and cash flow, as well as to our reputation. in addition, negative market conditions would also increase the risk of default with respect to investments held by our funds that have significant debt investments, such as our credit-focused funds.
an increase in interest rates and other changes in the debt financing markets could negatively impact the ability of our funds and their portfolio companies to obtain attractive financing or refinancing and could increase the cost of such financing if it is obtained, which could lead to lower-yielding investments and potentially decrease our net income.
interest rates have remained at relatively low levels on a historical basis and the u.s. federal reserve maintained the federal funds target range at 0.0% to 0.25% for much of 2020, indicating that the current level would likely be held steady for the foreseeable future. there can be no assurance, however, that the federal reserve will not raise rates in 2021. a period of sharply rising interest rates could create downward pressure on the price of real estate, increase the cost and availability of debt financing for the transactions our funds pursue and decrease the value of fixed-rate debt investments made by our funds, each of which may have an adverse impact on our business. in addition, a significant contraction or weakening in the market for debt financing or other adverse change relating to the terms of debt financing (such as, for example, higher equity requirements and/or more restrictive covenants), particularly in the area of acquisition financings for private equity and real
24
estate transactions, could have a material adverse impact on our business. for example, a portion of the indebtedness used to finance certain fund investments often includes high-yield debt securities issued in the capital markets. availability of capital from the high-yield debt markets is subject to significant volatility, and there may be times when we might not be able to access those markets at attractive rates, or at all, when completing an investment. for example, in the first half of 2020 the credit markets experienced a contraction in the availability of credit, which temporarily impacted the ability to obtain attractive debt financing transactions. further, the financing of acquisitions or the operations of our funds' portfolio companies with debt may become less attractive due to limitations on the deductibility of corporate interest expense. see "- proposed changes in u.s. and foreign taxation of businesses could adversely affect us."
if our funds are unable to obtain committed debt financing for potential acquisitions, can only obtain debt financing at an increased interest rate or on unfavorable terms or the ability to deduct corporate interest expense is substantially limited, our funds may face increased competition from strategic buyers of assets who may have an overall lower cost of capital or the ability to benefit from a higher amount of cost savings following an acquisition, or may have difficulty completing otherwise profitable acquisitions or may generate profits that are lower than would otherwise be the case, each of which could lead to a decrease in our revenues. in addition, rising interest rates, coupled with periods of significant equity and credit market volatility may potentially make it more difficult for us to find attractive opportunities for our funds to exit and realize value from their existing investments.
our funds' portfolio companies also regularly utilize the corporate debt markets in order to obtain financing for their operations. to the extent monetary policy, tax or other regulatory changes or difficult credit markets render such financing difficult to obtain, more expensive or otherwise less attractive, this may also negatively impact the financial results of those portfolio companies and, therefore, the investment returns on our funds. in addition, to the extent that market conditions and/or tax or other regulatory changes make it difficult or impossible to refinance debt that is maturing in the near term, some of our funds' portfolio companies may be unable to repay such debt at maturity and may be forced to sell assets, undergo a recapitalization or seek bankruptcy protection.
a decline in the pace or size of investment made by our funds may adversely affect our revenues.
the revenues that we earn are driven in part by the pace at which our funds make investments and the size of those investments, and a decline in the pace or the size of such investments may reduce our revenues. the market environment for private equity transactions, for example, has at times been characterized by relatively high prices, which can make the deployment of capital more difficult. in addition, many other factors could cause a decline in the pace of investment, including the inability of our investment professionals to identify attractive investment opportunities, competition for such opportunities among other potential acquirers, decreased availability of capital on attractive terms and our failure to consummate identified investment opportunities because of business, regulatory or legal complexities or uncertainty and adverse developments in the u.s. or global economy or financial markets. in addition, if our funds are unable to deploy capital at a pace that is sufficient to offset the pace of realizations, our fee revenues could decrease.
our revenue, earnings, net income and cash flow can all vary materially, which may make it difficult for us to achieve steady earnings growth on a quarterly basis and may cause the price of our common stock to decline.
our revenue, net income and cash flow can all vary materially due to our reliance on performance revenues. we may experience fluctuations in our results, including our revenue and net income, from quarter to quarter due to a number of other factors, including timing of realizations, changes in the valuations of our funds' investments, changes in the amount of distributions, dividends or interest paid in respect of investments, changes in our operating expenses, the degree to which we encounter competition and general economic and market conditions. achieving steady growth in net income and cash flow on a quarterly basis may be difficult, which could in turn lead to large adverse movements or general increased volatility in the price of our common stock. we also do not provide any guidance regarding our expected quarterly and annual operating results. the lack of guidance may affect the expectations of public market analysts and could cause increased volatility in our common stock price.
25
our cash flow may fluctuate significantly due to the fact that we receive performance allocations from our carry funds only when investments are realized and achieve a certain preferred return. performance allocations depend on our carry funds' performance and opportunities for realizing gains, which may be limited. it takes a substantial period of time to identify attractive investment opportunities, to raise all the funds needed to make an investment and then to realize the cash value (or other proceeds) of an investment through a sale, public offering, recapitalization or other exit. even if an investment proves to be profitable, it may be a number of years before any profits can be realized in cash (or other proceeds). we cannot predict when, or if, any realization of investments will occur.
the mark-to-market valuations of investments made by our funds are subject to volatility driven by economic and market conditions. economic and market conditions may also negatively impact our realization opportunities.
the valuations of and realization opportunities for investments made by our funds could also be subject to high volatility as a result of uncertainty regarding governmental policy with respect to, among other things, tax, financial services regulation, international trade, immigration, healthcare, labor, infrastructure and energy.
in addition, upon the realization of a profitable investment by any of our carry funds and prior to our receiving any performance allocations in respect of that investment, 100% of the proceeds of that investment must generally be paid to the investors in that carry fund until they have recovered certain fees and expenses and achieved a certain return on all realized investments by that carry fund as well as a recovery of any unrealized losses. a particular realization event may have a significant impact on our results for that particular quarter that may not be replicated in subsequent quarters. we recognize revenue on investments in our investment funds based on our allocable share of realized and unrealized gains (or losses) reported by such investment funds, and a decline in realized or unrealized gains, or an increase in realized or unrealized losses, would adversely affect our revenue and possibly cash flow, which could further increase the volatility of our quarterly results. because our carry funds have preferred return thresholds to investors that need to be met prior to our receiving any performance allocations, substantial declines in the carrying value of the investment portfolios of a carry fund can significantly delay or eliminate any performance allocations paid to us in respect of that fund since the value of the assets in the fund would need to recover to their aggregate cost basis plus the preferred return over time before we would be entitled to receive any performance allocations from that fund.
the timing and receipt of performance allocations also varies with the life cycle of our carry funds. during periods in which a relatively large portion of our assets under management is attributable to carry funds and investments in their "harvesting" period, our carry funds would make larger distributions than in the fundraising or investment periods that precede harvesting. during periods in which a significant portion of our assets under management is attributable to carry funds that are not in their harvesting periods, we may receive substantially lower performance allocations.
with respect to most of our funds of hedge funds, core+ real estate funds, infrastructure funds and credit-focused and real estate debt funds structured like hedge funds, our incentive income is paid between quarterly and every five years, and the varying frequency of these payments will contribute to the volatility of our cash flow. furthermore, we earn this incentive income only if the net asset value of a fund has increased or, in the case of certain funds, increased beyond a particular return threshold. certain of these funds also have "high water marks" whereby we do not earn incentive income during a particular period even though the fund had positive returns in such period as a result of losses in prior periods. if one of these funds experiences losses, we will not be able to earn incentive income from the fund until it surpasses the previous high water mark. the incentive income we earn is therefore dependent on the net asset value of the fund, which could lead to significant volatility in our results.
26
adverse economic and market conditions may adversely affect the amount of cash generated by our businesses, and in turn, our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders.
we use cash to (a) provide capital to facilitate the growth of our existing businesses, which principally includes funding our general partner and co-investment commitments to our funds, (b) provide capital for business expansion, (c) pay operating expenses and other obligations as they arise, including servicing our debt and (d) pay dividends to our stockholders and make distributions to the holders of blackstone holdings partnership units. our principal sources of cash are: (a) cash we received in connection with our prior bond offerings, (b) fee related earnings and (c) net realizations, which is the sum of realized principal investment income and realized performance revenues less realized performance compensation. we have also entered into a $2.25 billion revolving credit facility with a final maturity date of november 24, 2025. our long-term debt totaled $5.7 billion in borrowings from our prior bond issuances and we had no borrowings outstanding against our revolving credit facility as of december 31, 2020. as of december 31, 2020, we had $2.0 billion in cash and cash equivalents and $2.6 billion invested in our corporate treasury investments.
if the global economy and conditions in the financing markets worsen, our fund investment performance could suffer, resulting in, for example, the payment of less or no performance allocations to us. this could materially and adversely affect the amount of cash we have on hand, including for, among other purposes, the payment of dividends to our stockholders. having less cash on hand could in turn require us to rely on other sources of cash (such as the capital markets, which may not be available to us on acceptable terms) for the above purposes. furthermore, during adverse economic and market conditions, we might not be able to renew all or part of our existing revolving credit facility or find alternate financing on commercially reasonable terms. as a result, our uses of cash may exceed our sources of cash, thereby potentially affecting our liquidity position.
we depend on our founder and other key senior managing directors and the loss of their services would have a material adverse effect on our business, results and financial condition.
we depend on the efforts, skill, reputations and business contacts of our founder, stephen a. schwarzman, and other key senior managing directors, the information and deal flow they generate during the normal course of their activities and the synergies among the diverse fields of expertise and knowledge held by our professionals. accordingly, our success will depend on the continued service of these individuals, who are not obligated to remain employed with us. several key senior managing directors have left the firm in the past and others may do so in the future, and we cannot predict the impact that the departure of any key senior managing director will have on our ability to achieve our investment objectives. for example, the governing agreements of many of our funds generally provide investors with the ability to terminate the investment period in the event that certain "key persons" in the fund do not provide the specified time commitment to the fund or our firm ceases to control the general partner. the loss of the services of any key senior managing directors could have a material adverse effect on our revenues, net income and cash flows and could harm our ability to maintain or grow assets under management in existing funds or raise additional funds in the future. we have historically relied in part on the interests of these professionals in the investment funds' carried interest and incentive fees to discourage them from leaving the firm. however, to the extent our investment funds perform poorly, thereby reducing the potential for carried interest and incentive fees, their interests in carried interest and incentive fees become less valuable to them and become less effective as incentives for them to continue to be employed at blackstone.
our senior managing directors and other key personnel possess substantial experience and expertise and have strong business relationships with investors in our funds, clients and other members of the business community. as a result, the loss of these personnel could jeopardize our relationships with investors in our funds, our clients and members of the business community and result in the reduction of assets under management or fewer investment opportunities.
our publicly traded structure may adversely affect our ability to retain and motivate our senior managing directors and other key personnel and to recruit, retain and motivate new senior managing directors and other key personnel, both of which could adversely affect our business, results and financial condition.
our most important asset is our people, and our continued success is highly dependent upon the efforts of our senior managing directors and other professionals. our future success and growth depend to a substantial degree on our ability to retain and motivate our senior managing directors and other key personnel and to strategically recruit, retain and motivate new talented personnel. most of our current senior managing directors and other senior personnel have equity interests in our business that are primarily partnership units in blackstone holdings
27
(as defined under "part iii. item 13. certain relationships and related transactions, and director independence - blackstone holdings partnership agreements") and which entitle such personnel to cash distributions. however, the value of blackstone holdings partnership units and other blackstone equity interests, and the distributions in respect thereof, may not be sufficient to retain and motivate our senior managing directors and other key personnel, nor may they be sufficiently attractive to strategically recruit, retain and motivate new talented personnel.
additionally, the retention of an increasingly larger portion of the blackstone holdings partnership units held by senior managing directors is not dependent upon their continued employment with us as those equity interests continue to vest as time passes. moreover, the minimum retained ownership requirements and transfer restrictions to which these interests are subject in certain instances lapse over time, may not be enforceable in all cases and can be waived. there is no guarantee that the non-competition and non-solicitation agreements to which our senior managing directors are subject, together with our other arrangements with them, will prevent them from leaving us, joining our competitors or otherwise competing with us or that these agreements will be enforceable in all cases. in addition, these agreements will expire after a certain period of time, at which point each of our senior managing directors would be free to compete against us and solicit investors in our funds, clients and employees.
we might not be able to provide future senior managing directors with equity interests in our business to the same extent or with the same tax consequences from which our existing senior managing directors previously benefited. for example, u.s. federal income tax law now generally imposes a three-year holding period requirement for carried interest to be treated as long-term capital gain. the holding period requirement may result in some of our carried interest being treated as ordinary income, which would materially increase the amount of taxes that our employees and other key personnel would be required to pay. moreover, the tax treatment of carried interest may continue to be an area of focus for policymakers and government officials, which could result in further regulatory action by federal or state governments. see "-proposed changes in u.s. and foreign taxation of businesses could adversely affect us." for example, certain states, including new york and california, have proposed legislation to levy additional state tax on carried interest. in addition, certain states, such as new york, have proposed to temporarily increase the income tax rate for the state's highest earners, which could subject certain of our employees and personnel in new york city to the highest combined state-and-local tax rate in the united states. these and other changes to the tax treatment of carried interest and in applicable federal, state, local and other tax laws that may be enacted may adversely affect our ability to recruit, retain and motivate our current and future professionals.
alternatively, the value of the equity awards we may issue senior managing directors at any given time may subsequently fall (as reflected in the market price of common stock), which could counteract the incentives we are seeking to induce in them. therefore, in order to recruit and retain existing and future senior managing directors, we may need to increase the level of compensation that we pay to them. accordingly, as we promote or hire new senior managing directors over time, we may increase the level of compensation we pay to our senior managing directors, which would cause our total employee compensation and benefits expense as a percentage of our total revenue to increase and adversely affect our profitability. in addition, issuance of equity interests in our business in the future to senior managing directors and other personnel would dilute public common stockholders.
we strive to maintain a work environment that reinforces our culture of collaboration, motivation and alignment of interests with investors. if we do not continue to develop and implement the right processes and tools to manage our changing enterprise and maintain this culture, our ability to compete successfully and achieve our business objectives could be impaired, which could negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.
the asset management business is intensely competitive.
the asset management business is intensely competitive, with competition based on a variety of factors, including investment performance, the quality of service provided to clients, investor liquidity and willingness to invest, fund terms (including fees), brand recognition and business reputation. our asset management business
28
competes with a number of private equity funds, specialized investment funds, hedge funds, funds of hedge funds and other sponsors managing pools of capital, as well as corporate buyers, traditional asset managers, commercial banks, investment banks and other financial institutions (including sovereign wealth funds), and we expect that competition will continue to increase. for example, certain traditional asset managers have developed their own private equity platforms and are marketing other asset allocation strategies as alternatives to hedge fund investments. additionally, developments in financial technology, or fintech, such as distributed ledger technology, or blockchain, have the potential to disrupt the financial industry and change the way financial institutions, as well as asset managers, do business. a number of factors serve to increase our competitive risks:
•   a number of our competitors in some of our businesses have greater financial, technical, marketing and other resources and more personnel than we do,

•   some of our funds may not perform as well as competitors' funds or other available investment products,

•   several of our competitors have significant amounts of capital, and many of them have similar investment objectives to ours, which may create additional competition for investment opportunities and may reduce the size and duration of pricing inefficiencies that many alternative investment strategies seek to exploit,

•   some of our competitors, particularly strategic competitors, may have a lower cost of capital, which may be exacerbated to the extent potential changes to the internal revenue code limit the deductibility of interest expense,

•   some of our competitors may have access to funding sources that are not available to us, which may create competitive disadvantages for us with respect to investment opportunities,

•   some of our competitors may be subject to less regulation and accordingly may have more flexibility to undertake and execute certain businesses or investments than we can and/or bear less compliance expense than we do,

•   some of our competitors may have more flexibility than us in raising certain types of investment funds under the investment management contracts they have negotiated with their investors,

•   some of our competitors may have higher risk tolerances, different risk assessments or lower return thresholds, which could allow them to consider a wider variety of investments and to bid more aggressively than us for investments that we want to make,

•   some of our competitors may be more successful than us in the development and implementation of new technology to address investor demand for product and strategy innovation, particularly in the hedge fund industry,

•   there are relatively few barriers to entry impeding new alternative asset fund management firms, and the successful efforts of new entrants into our various businesses, including former "star" portfolio managers at large diversified financial institutions as well as such institutions themselves, is expected to continue to result in increased competition,

•   some of our competitors may have better expertise or be regarded by investors as having better expertise in a specific asset class or geographic region than we do,

•   our competitors that are corporate buyers may be able to achieve synergistic cost savings in respect of an investment, which may provide them with a competitive advantage in bidding for an investment,

•   some investors may prefer to invest with an investment manager that is not publicly traded or is smaller with only one or two investment products that it manages, and

•   other industry participants will from time to time seek to recruit our investment professionals and other employees away from us.

we may lose investment opportunities in the future if we do not match investment prices, structures and terms offered by competitors. alternatively, we may experience decreased rates of return and increased risks of loss if we match investment prices, structures and terms offered by competitors. moreover, if we are forced to compete with other alternative asset managers on the basis of price, we may not be able to maintain our current
29
fund fee and carried interest terms. we have historically competed primarily on the performance of our funds, and not on the level of our fees or carried interest relative to those of our competitors. however, there is a risk that fees and carried interest in the alternative investment management industry will decline, without regard to the historical performance of a manager. fee or carried interest income reductions on existing or future funds, without corresponding decreases in our cost structure, would adversely affect our revenues and profitability.
in addition, the attractiveness of our investment funds relative to investments in other investment products could decrease depending on economic conditions. furthermore, any new or incremental regulatory measures for the u.s. financial services industry may increase costs and create regulatory uncertainty and additional competition for many of our funds. see "- financial regulatory changes in the united states could adversely affect our business."
this competitive pressure could adversely affect our ability to make successful investments and limit our ability to raise future investment funds, either of which would adversely impact our business, revenue, results of operations and cash flow.
our organizational documents do not limit our ability to enter into new lines of businesses, and we may expand into new investment strategies, geographic markets and businesses, each of which may result in additional risks and uncertainties in our businesses.
our plan, to the extent that market conditions permit, is to continue to grow our investment businesses and expand into new investment strategies, geographic markets and businesses. our organizational documents do not limit us to investment management businesses. accordingly, we have pursued and may continue to pursue growth through acquisitions of asset managers and other investment management companies, acquisitions of critical business partners, or other strategic initiatives. to the extent we make strategic investments or acquisitions, undertake other strategic initiatives or enter into a new line of business, we will face numerous risks and uncertainties, including risks associated with (a) the required investment of capital and other resources, (b) the possibility that we have insufficient expertise to engage in such activities profitably or without incurring inappropriate amounts of risk, (c) the diversion of management's attention from our core businesses, (d) assumption of liabilities in any acquired business, (e) the disruption of our ongoing businesses, (f) the increasing demands on or issues related to the combining or integrating operational and management systems and controls, (g) compliance with additional regulatory requirements and (h) the broadening of our geographic footprint, including the risks associated with conducting operations in non-u.s. jurisdictions.
entry into certain lines of business may subject us to new laws and regulations with which we are not familiar, or from which we are currently exempt, and may lead to increased litigation and regulatory risk. for example, we have increasingly undertaken business initiatives to offer registered investment products to retail investors. these activities have and will continue to impose additional compliance burdens on us and could also subject us to enhanced regulatory scrutiny and expose us to greater reputation and litigation risk. see "- we have increasingly undertaken business initiatives to increase the number and type of investment products we offer to retail investors, which could expose us to new and greater levels of risk." in addition, if a new business generates insufficient revenues or if we are unable to efficiently manage our expanded operations, our results of operations will be adversely affected. our strategic initiatives may include, among other things, initiatives seeking to expand our and our portfolio companies' data science capabilities, which require a robust legal and compliance framework, and entry into joint ventures, which may require us to be dependent on, and subject us to liability, losses or reputational damage relating to, systems, controls and personnel that are not under our control.
if we are unable to consummate or successfully integrate additional development opportunities, acquisitions or joint ventures, we may not be able to implement our growth strategy successfully.
our growth strategy is based, in part, on the selective development or acquisition of asset management businesses or other businesses complementary to our business where we think we can add substantial value or generate substantial returns. the success of this strategy will depend on, among other things: (a) the availability of suitable opportunities, (b) the level of competition from other companies that may have greater financial
30
resources, (c) our ability to value potential development or acquisition opportunities accurately and negotiate acceptable terms for those opportunities, (d) our ability to obtain requisite approvals and licenses from the relevant governmental authorities and to comply with applicable laws and regulations without incurring undue costs and delays and (e) our ability to identify and enter into mutually beneficial relationships with venture partners. moreover, even if we are able to identify and successfully complete an acquisition, we may encounter unexpected difficulties or incur unexpected costs associated with integrating and overseeing the operations of the new businesses. if we are not successful in implementing our growth strategy, our business, financial results and the market price for our common stock may be adversely affected.
changes in relevant tax laws, regulations or treaties or an adverse interpretation of these items by tax authorities could adversely impact our effective tax rate and tax liability.
our effective tax rate and tax liability is based on the application of current income tax laws, regulations and treaties. these laws, regulations and treaties are complex, and the manner which they apply to us and our funds is sometimes open to interpretation. significant management judgment is required in determining our provision for income taxes, our deferred tax assets and liabilities and any valuation allowance recorded against our net deferred tax assets. although management believes its application of current laws, regulations and treaties to be correct and sustainable upon examination by the tax authorities, the tax authorities could challenge our interpretation resulting in additional tax liability or adjustment to our income tax provision that could increase our effective tax rate. regarding the impact of the conversion on our income taxes, see "part ii. item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 15. income taxes."
proposed changes in u.s. and foreign taxation of businesses could adversely affect us.
the new administration has provided initial guidance on what u.s. tax law reforms the president would support. among other things, this administration may pursue tax policies seeking to increase the corporate tax rate, limit further the deductibility of interest and subject carried interest to more onerous taxation. the likelihood of such tax changes being implemented is increased given the democrat controlled u.s. congress. any such tax changes could materially increase the amount of taxes we, our portfolio companies and our investors would be required to pay. for example, increases in the corporate tax rate may adversely impact the cash flow of our portfolio companies and result in our funds selling those assets at values that are less than we projected, which would in turn have negative impact to the investment fund's performance and to the pace of realizations. other changes that could be enacted in the future, including changes to tax laws enacted by state or local governments in jurisdictions in which we or our portfolio companies operate, could result in further changes to state and local taxation and materially adversely affect our financial position and results of operations.
in addition, the u.s. congress, the organization for economic co-operation and development ("oecd") and other government agencies in jurisdictions in which we and our affiliates invest or do business have maintained a focus on issues related to the taxation of multinational companies. the oecd, which represents a coalition of member countries, is contemplating changes to numerous long-standing tax principles through its base erosion and profit shifting ("beps") project, which is focused on a number of issues, including the shifting of profits between affiliated entities in different tax jurisdictions, interest deductibility and eligibility for the benefits of double tax treaties. several of the proposed measures are potentially relevant to some of our structures and could have an adverse tax impact on our funds, investors and/or our portfolio companies. some member countries have been moving forward on the beps agenda but, because timing of implementation and the specific measures adopted will vary among participating states, significant uncertainty remains regarding the impact of beps proposals. if implemented, these proposals could result in a loss of tax treaty benefits and increased taxes on income from our investments.
a number of european jurisdictions have enacted taxes on financial transactions, and the european commission has proposed legislation to harmonize these taxes under the so-called "enhanced cooperation procedure," which provides for adoption of eu-level legislation applicable to some but not all eu member states. these contemplated changes, if adopted by individual countries, could increase tax uncertainty and/or costs faced by us, our funds' portfolio companies and our investors, change our business model and cause other adverse
31
consequences. the timing or impact of these proposals is unclear at this point. in addition, tax laws, regulations and interpretations are subject to continual changes, which could adversely affect our structures or returns to our investors. for instance, various countries have adopted or proposed tax legislation that may adversely affect portfolio companies and investment structures in countries in which our funds have invested and may limit the benefits of additional investments in those countries.
changes in u.s. and foreign tax law could adversely affect our ability to raise funds from certain foreign investors or increase our compliance or withholding tax costs.
under the u.s. foreign account tax compliance act ("fatca"), all entities in a broadly defined class of foreign financial institutions ("ffis") are required to comply with a complicated and expansive reporting regime or be subject to a 30% united states withholding tax on certain u.s. payments, and non-u.s. entities which are not ffis are required to either certify they have no substantial u.s. beneficial ownership or to report certain information with respect to their substantial u.s. beneficial ownership or be subject to a 30% u.s. withholding tax on certain u.s. payments. the reporting obligations imposed under fatca require ffis to enter into agreements with the irs to obtain and disclose information about certain investors to the irs. in addition, the administrative and economic costs of compliance with fatca may discourage some foreign investors from investing in u.s. funds, which could adversely affect our ability to raise funds from these investors. other countries such as luxembourg, the u.k. and the cayman islands have implemented regimes similar to that of fatca. for example, under an initiative known as global fatca, more than 100 oecd member countries have committed to automatic exchange of information relating to accounts held by tax residents of signatory countries, using a common reporting standard ("crs"). compliance with such regimes could result in increased administrative and compliance costs and could subject our investment entities to increased withholding taxes.
the u.k.'s withdrawal from the european union may negatively impact the value of certain of our assets.
following brexit, a new trade and cooperation agreement (the "tca") between the u.k. and the eu was announced on december 24, 2020. the tca addresses, among other things, trade in goods and the ability of u.k. nationals to travel to the eu on business, but does not address substantive future cooperation with respect to financial services or reciprocal market access under so-called "equivalence" arrangements. in addition, u.k. service suppliers no longer benefit from automatic access to the entire eu single market and free movement of goods is subject to increased bureaucracy. although the tca contains provisions on short-term business visits without visas or work permits, these are unlikely to cover provision of services and free movement between the eu and the u.k. the loss of these benefits, together with the ongoing uncertainty with respect to financial services under the tca, could impact the attractiveness of the u.k. as a global business and financial center. although the long-term impact of such changes, and of brexit more broadly, is uncertain, brexit may have an adverse effect on the rate of economic growth in the u.k. and europe, which may negatively impact asset values in those regions. in addition, given the size and global significance of the u.k.'s economy, ongoing uncertainty regarding its political and economic relationships with europe may continue to be a source of instability in markets outside of the u.k. and europe.
brexit has impacted blackstone's european operations. the main impact has been on blackstone's ability to market its products and services in the eea. following brexit, blackstone's u.k. subsidiary (bgip) lost its ability to passport its services into europe meaning it cannot market its products and services or conduct other regulated activity in eea countries unless it has obtained a cross-border license or can operate pursuant to a licensing exemption. in jurisdictions where bgip cannot offer products or services, blackstone has transferred activities to its regulated european subsidiaries. these post-brexit arrangements are complex and have resulted in increased operational and compliance burdens for blackstone.
in addition, since the result of the brexit referendum in mid-2016, the british pound has experienced periods of weakness. although brexit's effectiveness has not had an immediate adverse impact on the british pound, a decline in its value may negatively affect the mark-to-market valuations of our british pound-denominated investments. weakness in the british pound may also contribute to volatility in other currencies, including the
32
euro, which may negatively impact the mark-to-market valuations of our euro denominated investments. weakness or significant fluctuation in currency exchange rates may also adversely impact our financial results as a result of the conversion of investment principal and income from one currency into another.
cybersecurity risks could result in the loss of data, interruptions in our business, and damage to our reputation, and subject us to regulatory actions, increased costs and financial losses, each of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
our operations are highly dependent on our information systems and technology and we rely heavily on our financial, accounting, communications and other data processing systems. our systems may fail to operate properly or become disabled as a result of tampering or a breach of our network security systems or otherwise. in addition, our systems face ongoing cybersecurity threats and attacks. attacks on our systems could involve, and in some instances have in the past involved, attempts intended to obtain unauthorized access to our proprietary information, destroy data or disable, degrade or sabotage our systems, or divert or otherwise steal funds, including through the introduction of computer viruses, "phishing" attempts and other forms of social engineering. cyberattacks and other security threats could originate from a wide variety of external sources, including cyber criminals, nation state hackers, hacktivists and other outside parties. cyberattacks and other security threats could also originate from the malicious or accidental acts of insiders, such as employees.
there has been an increase in the frequency and sophistication of the cyber and security threats we face, with attacks ranging from those common to businesses generally to those that are more advanced and persistent, which may target us because, as an alternative asset management firm, we hold a significant amount of confidential and sensitive information about our investors, our portfolio companies and potential investments. as a result, we may face a heightened risk of a security breach or disruption with respect to this information. there can be no assurance that measures we take to ensure the integrity of our systems will provide protection, especially because cyberattack techniques used change frequently or are not recognized until successful. if our systems are compromised, do not operate properly or are disabled, or we fail to provide the appropriate regulatory or other notifications in a timely manner, we could suffer financial loss, a disruption of our businesses, liability to our investment funds and fund investors, regulatory intervention or reputational damage. the costs related to cyber or other security threats or disruptions may not be fully insured or indemnified by other means.
in addition, we could also suffer losses in connection with updates to, or the failure to timely update, our information systems and technology. in addition, we have become increasingly reliant on third party service providers for certain aspects of our business, including for the administration of certain funds, as well as for certain information systems and technology, including cloud-based services. these third party service providers could also face ongoing cyber security threats and compromises of their systems and as a result, unauthorized individuals could gain, and in some past instances have gained, access to certain confidential data.
cybersecurity has become a top priority for regulators around the world. many jurisdictions in which we operate have laws and regulations relating to data privacy, cybersecurity and protection of personal information, including, as examples the general data protection regulation ("gdpr") in the european union that went into effect in may 2018 and the california consumer privacy act ("ccpa"). see "- rapidly developing and changing global privacy laws and regulations could increase compliance costs and subject us to enforcements risks and reputational damage." some jurisdictions have also enacted laws requiring companies to notify individuals and government agencies of data security breaches involving certain types of personal data.
breaches in security, whether malicious in nature or through inadvertent transmittal or other loss of data, could potentially jeopardize our, our employees' or our fund investors' or counterparties' confidential, proprietary and other information processed and stored in, and transmitted through, our computer systems and networks, or otherwise cause interruptions or malfunctions in our, our employees', our fund investors', our counterparties' or third parties' business and operations, which could result in significant financial losses, increased costs, liability to our fund investors and other counterparties, regulatory intervention and reputational damage. furthermore, if we fail to comply with the relevant laws and regulations or fail to provide the appropriate regulatory or other notifications of breach in a timely matter, it could result in regulatory investigations and penalties, which could lead to negative publicity and reputational harm and may cause our fund investors and clients to lose confidence in the effectiveness of our security measures.
33
our portfolio companies also rely on data processing systems and the secure processing, storage and transmission of information, including payment and health information. a disruption or compromise of these systems could have a material adverse effect on the value of these businesses. our funds may invest in strategic assets having a national or regional profile or in infrastructure, the nature of which could expose them to a greater risk of being subject to a terrorist attack or security breach than other assets or businesses. such an event may have material adverse consequences on our investment or assets of the same type or may require portfolio companies to increase preventative security measures or expand insurance coverage.
finally, our technology, data and intellectual property and the technology, data and intellectual property of our portfolio companies are also subject to a heightened risk of theft or compromise to the extent we and our portfolio companies engage in operations outside the united states, in particular in those jurisdictions that do not have comparable levels of protection of proprietary information and assets such as intellectual property, trademarks, trade secrets, know-how and customer information and records. in addition, we and our portfolio companies may be required to compromise protections or forego rights to technology, data and intellectual property in order to operate in or access markets in a foreign jurisdiction. any such direct or indirect compromise of these assets could have a material adverse impact on us and our portfolio companies.
rapidly developing and changing global privacy laws and regulations could increase compliance costs and subject us to enforcement risks and reputational damage.
we and our portfolio companies are subject to various risks and costs associated with the collection, processing, storage and transmission of personally identifiable information ("pii") and other sensitive and confidential information. this data is wide ranging and relates to our investors, employees, contractors and other counterparties and third parties. our compliance obligations include those relating to u.s. laws such as the ccpa, which provides for enhanced consumer protections for california residents, a private right of action for data breaches and statutory fines and damages for data breaches or other ccpa violations, as well as a requirement of "reasonable" cybersecurity. our compliance obligations also include those relating to foreign data collection and privacy laws, including, for example, the gdpr in europe, the japanese personal information protection act, the hong kong personal data (privacy) ordinance, the australian privacy act and the brazilian bank secrecy law. global laws in this area are rapidly increasing in the scale and depth of their requirements, and are also often extra-territorial in nature. in addition, a wide range of regulators are seeking to enforce these laws across regions and borders. furthermore, we frequently have privacy compliance requirements as a result of our contractual obligations with counterparties. these legal and contractual obligations heighten our privacy obligations in the ordinary course of conducting our business in the u.s. and internationally.
while we have taken various measures and made significant efforts and investment to ensure that our policies, processes and systems are both robust and compliant with these obligations, our potential liability remains, particularly given the continued and rapid development of privacy laws and regulations around the world, and increased enforcement action. any inability, or perceived inability, by us or our portfolio companies to adequately address privacy concerns, or comply with applicable laws, regulations, policies, industry standards and guidance, contractual obligations, or other legal obligations, even if unfounded, could result in significant regulatory and third party liability, increased costs, disruption of our and our portfolio companies' business and operations, and a loss of client (including investor) confidence and other reputational damage. furthermore, as new privacy-related laws and regulations are implemented, the time and resources needed for us and our portfolio companies to comply with such laws and regulations continues to increase and become a significant compliance workstream.
34
our operations are highly dependent on the information system and technology infrastructure that supports our business.
we depend on our headquarters in new york city, where many of our personnel are located, for the continued operation of our business. a disaster or a disruption in the infrastructure that supports our businesses, as a result of a cybersecurity incident or otherwise, including a disruption involving electronic communications or other services used by us or third parties with whom we conduct business, or directly affecting our headquarters, could have a material adverse impact on our ability to continue to operate our business without interruption. our disaster recovery and business continuity programs may not be sufficient to mitigate the harm that may result from such a disaster or disruption. in addition, insurance and other safeguards might only partially reimburse us for our losses, if at all.
our operations are highly dependent on our information systems and technology and we rely heavily on our financial, accounting, communications and other data processing systems, each of which may require update and enhancement as we grow our business. our information systems and technology may not continue to be able to accommodate our growth, and the cost of maintaining such systems may increase from its current level. such a failure to adapt to or accommodate growth, or an increase in costs related to such information systems, could have a material adverse effect on us. further, the majority of our employees globally have been working remotely in accordance with local government guidance and social distancing recommendations related to the covid-19 pandemic. an extended period of remote working by our employees could introduce operational risks, including heightened cybersecurity risk.
in addition, we have become increasingly reliant on third party service providers for certain aspects of our business, including for the administration of certain funds, as well as for certain information systems and technology, including cloud-based services. in addition to the fact that these third party service providers could also face ongoing cyber security threats and compromises of their systems, we generally have less control over the delivery of such third party services, and as a result, we may face disruptions to our ability to operate a business as a result of interruptions of such services. any interruption or deterioration in the performance of these third parties or failures or compromises of their information systems and technology could impair the operations of us and our funds and adversely affect our reputation and businesses. see "- cybersecurity risks could result in the loss of data, interruptions in our business, and damage to our reputation, and subject us to regulatory actions, increased costs and financial losses, each of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations" and "- rapidly developing and changing global privacy laws and regulations could increase compliance costs and subject us to enforcement risks and reputational damage."
extensive regulation of our businesses affects our activities and creates the potential for significant liabilities and penalties. the possibility of increased regulatory focus, particularly given a new administration, could result in additional burdens on our business.
our business is subject to extensive regulation, including periodic examinations, by governmental agencies and self-regulatory organizations in the jurisdictions in which we operate around the world. these authorities have regulatory powers dealing with many aspects of financial services, including the authority to grant, and in specific circumstances to cancel, permissions to carry on particular activities. many of these regulators, including u.s. and foreign government agencies and self-regulatory organizations, as well as state securities commissions in the united states, are also empowered to conduct investigations and administrative proceedings that can result in fines, suspensions of personnel, changes in policies, procedures or disclosure or other sanctions, including censure, the issuance of cease-and-desist orders, the suspension or expulsion of a broker-dealer or investment adviser from registration or memberships or the commencement of a civil or criminal lawsuit against us or our personnel. moreover, the financial services industry in recent years has been the subject of heightened scrutiny, and the sec has specifically focused on private equity. in that connection, in recent years the sec's stated examination priorities have included, among other things, private equity firms' collection of fees and allocation of expenses, their marketing and valuation practices, allocation of investment opportunities and policies and procedures with respect to conflicts of interest. we regularly are subject to requests for information and informal or formal
35
investigations by the sec and other regulatory authorities, with which we routinely cooperate, and which have included review of historical practices that were previously examined. such investigations have previously and may in the future result in penalties and other sanctions. sec actions and initiatives can have an adverse effect on our financial results, including as a result of the imposition of a sanction, a limitation on our or our personnel's activities, or changing our historic practices. even if an investigation or proceeding did not result in a sanction or the sanction imposed against us or our personnel by a regulator were small in monetary amount, the adverse publicity relating to the investigation, proceeding or imposition of these sanctions could harm our reputation and cause us to lose existing clients or fail to gain new clients.
we rely on complex exemptions from statutes in conducting our asset management activities.
we regularly rely on exemptions from various requirements of the u.s. securities act of 1933, as amended (the "securities act"), the exchange act, the 1940 act, the commodity exchange act and the u.s. employee retirement income security act of 1974, as amended, in conducting our asset management activities. these exemptions are sometimes highly complex and may in certain circumstances depend on compliance by third parties whom we do not control. if for any reason these exemptions were to become unavailable to us, we could become subject to regulatory action or third party claims and our business could be materially and adversely affected. for example, the "bad actor" disqualification provisions of rule 506 of regulation d under the securities act ban an issuer from offering or selling securities pursuant to the safe harbor rule in rule 506 if the issuer or any other "covered person" is the subject of a criminal, regulatory or court order or other "disqualifying event" under the rule which has not been waived. the definition of "covered person" includes an issuer's directors, general partners, managing members and executive officers; affiliates who are also issuing securities in the offering; beneficial owners of 20% or more of the issuer's outstanding equity securities; and promoters and persons compensated for soliciting investors in the offering. accordingly, our ability to rely on rule 506 to offer or sell securities would be impaired if we or any "covered person" is the subject of a disqualifying event under the rule and we are unable to obtain a waiver. the requirements imposed by our regulators are designed primarily to ensure the integrity of the financial markets and to protect investors in our investment funds and are not designed to protect our common stockholders. consequently, these regulations often serve to limit our activities and impose burdensome compliance requirements.
financial regulatory changes in the united states could adversely affect our business.
the financial services industry continues to be the subject of heightened regulatory scrutiny in the united states. there has been active debate over the appropriate extent of regulation and oversight of private investment funds and their managers. we may be adversely affected as a result of new or revised regulations imposed by the sec or other u.s. governmental regulatory authorities or self-regulatory organizations that supervise the financial markets. we also may be adversely affected by changes in the interpretation or enforcement of existing laws and regulations by these governmental authorities and self-regulatory organizations. further, new regulations or interpretations of existing laws may result in enhanced disclosure obligations, including with respect to climate change or esg, which could negatively affect us or our portfolio companies and materially increase our regulatory burden. increased regulations generally increase our costs, and we could continue to experience higher costs if new laws require us to spend more time, hire additional personnel, or buy new technology to comply effectively.
the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act (the "dodd-frank act"), enacted in july 2010, imposed significant changes on almost every aspect of the u.s. financial services industry, including aspects of our business, which include, without limitation, protection and compensation of whistleblowers, credit risk retention rules for certain sponsors of asset-backed securities, strengthening the oversight and supervision of the otc derivatives and securities markets, as well as creating the financial stability oversight counsel ("fsoc"), an interagency body charged with identifying and monitoring systemic risk to financial markets. under the dodd-frank act, whistleblowers who voluntarily provide original information to the sec can receive compensation and protection. the dodd-frank act established a fund to be used to pay whistleblowers who will be entitled to receive a payment equal to between 10% and 30% of certain monetary sanctions imposed in a successful government action resulting from the information provided by the whistleblower. according to a recent annual report to the
36
u.s. congress on the dodd-frank whistleblower program, whistleblower claims have increased significantly since the enactment of these provisions and in 2020 the sec awarded its highest ever award of $114 million to one whistleblower. addressing such claims could generate significant expenses and take up significant management time for us and our portfolio companies, even if such claims are frivolous or without merit.
the dodd-frank act also authorized federal regulatory agencies to review and, in certain cases, prohibit compensation arrangements at financial institutions that give employees incentives to engage in conduct deemed to encourage inappropriate risk taking by covered financial institutions. on may 16, 2016, the sec re-proposed a rule, as part of a joint rulemaking effort with u.s. federal banking regulators that would apply to "covered financial institutions," including registered investment advisers and broker-dealers that have total consolidated assets of at least $1 billion, and would impose substantive and procedural requirements on incentive-based compensation arrangements. while this proposed rule was never adopted, if efforts are revived to finalize the rule under the current administration the application of this rule to us could limit our ability to recruit and retain senior managing directors and investment professionals.
rule 206(4)-5 under the advisers act prohibits investment advisers from providing advisory services for compensation to a government plan investor for two years, subject to limited exceptions, after the investment adviser, its senior executives or its personnel involved in soliciting investments from government entities make political contributions to certain candidates and officials in position to influence the hiring of an investment adviser by such government client. advisers are required to implement compliance policies designed, among other matters, to comply with this rule. any failure on our part to comply with the rule could expose us to significant penalties and reputational damage. in addition, there have been similar rules on a state level regarding "pay to play" practices by investment advisers.
on june 30, 2020, the sec adopted a package of rulemakings and interpretations that address the standards of conduct and disclosure obligations applicable to investment advisers and broker-dealers. among other things, the sec published an interpretation of the standard of conduct for investment advisers, and adopted "regulation best interest," which is designed to enhance the existing standard of conduct for broker-dealers and natural persons who are associated persons of a broker-dealer when recommending to a retail customer any securities transaction or investment strategy involving securities. regulation best interest imposes a "best interest" standard of care for broker-dealers and requires them to evaluate available alternatives, including, if available, alternatives that may have lower expenses and/or lower investment risk than our investment funds. the impact of regulation best interest on broker-dealers participating in the offering of our investment funds cannot be determined at this time, but it may negatively impact whether broker-dealers and their associated persons are willing to recommend investment products, including our investment funds, to retail customers. as such, regulation best interest may reduce the ability of our investment funds to raise capital, which would adversely affect our business and results of operations. in addition, several states have taken actions to impose new conduct standards for investment advisers and broker-dealers operating in these states. these state conduct standards and any other proposed state laws or regulations may result in additional requirements related to our business. further, on december 15, 2020, the u.s. department of labor ("dol") issued a new final prohibited transaction class exemption (the "exemption") for investment advice fiduciaries that is intended to align with regulation best interest. however, under the new administration, the dol's exemption has been frozen, and the dol, and possibly the sec, may revisit the exemption and regulation best interest and may impose additional regulatory burdens. depending on how regulation best interest and the associated rulemakings are implemented and interpreted and whether the dol or the various states impose any additional rules governing the conduct of investment advisers and broker-dealers, any such rules or regulations could have an adverse effect on the distribution of our products to certain investors.
any changes in the regulatory framework applicable to our business, including the changes described above, may impose additional compliance and other costs, increase regulatory investigations of the investment activities of our funds, require the attention of our senior management, affect the manner in which we conduct our business and adversely affect our profitability. the full extent of the impact on us of the dodd-frank act or any other new laws, regulations or initiatives that may be proposed, including by the new administration, is impossible to determine.
37
the potential for governmental policy and/or legislative changes and regulatory reform as a result of the recent u.s. presidential and congressional elections may create regulatory uncertainty for our investment strategies, may make it more difficult to operate our business, and may adversely affect the profitability of our funds' portfolio companies.
governmental policy and/or legislative changes and regulatory reform could make it more difficult for us to operate our business, including by impeding fundraising, making certain equity or credit investments or investment strategies unattractive or less profitable. in addition, our ability to identify business and other risks associated with new investments depends in part on our ability to anticipate and accurately assess regulatory, legislative and other changes that may have a material impact on the businesses in which we choose to invest. we may face particular difficulty anticipating policy changes and reforms during periods of heightened partisanship at the federal, state and local levels, including due to the divisiveness surrounding populist movements, political disputes and socioeconomic issues. the failure to accurately anticipate the possible outcome of such changes and/or reforms could have a material adverse effect on the returns generated from our funds' investments and our revenues.
in addition, the change in administration has led and will lead to leadership changes at a number of u.s. federal regulatory agencies with oversight over the u.s. financial services industry. this poses uncertainty with respect to such agencies' policy priorities and may lead to increased regulatory enforcement activity in the financial services industry. leadership and policy changes could also affect various industries in which our portfolio companies operate, including healthcare, energy and consumer finance. although there is a substantial lack of clarity regarding the likelihood, timing and details of potential changes or reforms by the new administration and democrat controlled u.s. congress, such changes or reforms may impose additional costs on the companies in which we have invested or choose to invest in the future, require the attention of senior management or result in limitations on the manner in which the companies in which we have invested or choose to invest in the future conduct business. such changes or reforms may include, without limitation:
•   in july 2019, proposed legislation was introduced into the u.s. congress that contains a number of provisions that, if they were to become law, would adversely impact alternative asset management firms. among other things, the bill would: potentially expose private funds and certain holders of economic interests therein to the liabilities of portfolio companies, require private funds to offer identical terms and benefits to all limited partners, require disclosure of names of each limited partner invested in a private fund, as well as sensitive fund-and portfolio company-level information, impose a limitation on the deductibility of interest expense only applicable to companies owned by private funds, modify settled bankruptcy law to target transactions by private equity funds, increase tax rates on carried interest, and prohibit portfolio companies from paying dividends or repurchasing their shares during the first two years following the acquisition of the portfolio company. if the proposed bill, or other similar legislation, were to become law under the new administration and democrat controlled u.s. congress, it would adversely affect us, our portfolio companies and our investors.

•   there has been recurring consideration amongst regulators and intergovernmental institutions regarding the role of nonbank institutions in providing credit and, particularly, so-called "shadow banking," a term generally taken to refer to credit intermediation involving entities and activities outside the regulated banking system. federal regulators, such as the federal reserve, and international organizations, such as the financial stability board, are studying risks associated with nonbank lending. at this time, it is too early to assess whether any rules or regulations will be proposed or to what extent any finalized rules or regulations will have on the nonbank lending market. if nonbank lending became subject to similar regulations or oversight as traditional banks, our nonbank lending business would be adversely affected and the regulatory burden would be materially greater, which could adversely impact the implementation of our investment strategy and our returns.

38
•   in the united states, the fsoc has the authority to designate nonbank financial companies as systemically important financial institutions ("sifis"). currently, there are no nonbank financial companies with a sifi designation. the fsoc has, however, designated certain nonbank financial companies as sifis in the past, and additional nonbank financial companies, which may include large asset management companies such as us, may be designated as sifis in the future. the fsoc's most recent statements and actions generally indicate that it is focused on products and activities, rather than designation of entities, in its review of nonbank financial companies for potential sifi designation, and has reviewed the asset management industry in particular. on december 4, 2019, the fsoc issued final guidance regarding procedures for designating nonbank financial companies as sifis, which included shifting from an "entity-based" approach to an "activities-based" approach whereby the fsoc will primarily focus on regulating activities that pose systemic risk to the financial stability of the united states, rather than designations of individual firms. future reviews by the fsoc of nonbank financial companies for designation as sifis may focus on other types of products and activities, such as nonbank lending activities conducted by certain of our businesses.

if we were designated as a sifi, including as a result of our asset management or nonbank lending activities, we could become subject to direct supervision by the federal reserve system, and could become subject to enhanced prudential, capital, supervisory and other requirements, such as risk-based capital requirements, leverage limits, liquidity requirements, resolution plan and credit exposure report requirements, concentration limits, a contingent capital requirement, enhanced public disclosures, short-term debt limits and overall risk management requirements. requirements such as these, which were designed to regulate banking institutions, would likely need to be modified to be applicable to an asset manager, although no proposals have been made indicating how such measures would be adapted for asset managers.
•   2020 saw a marked increase in the use of special purpose acquisition vehicle ("spac") offerings and transactions, including by certain of our funds to create exit opportunities for our portfolio companies in lieu of a traditional ipo. spac transactions are currently exempt from rules adopted by the sec to protect investors from blank check companies, such as rule 419 under the securities act. additionally, the safe harbor for forward-looking statements under the private securities litigation reform act that generally applies to statements made by sec registrants expressly does not apply to statements "made in connection with initial public offering[s]," but the same constraints do not apply to de-spac transactions. however, the sec may modify existing regulations or adopt new rules relating to spac transactions, which could impact our ability to use spac transactions as a means to exit investments.

ongoing trade negotiations and related government actions may create regulatory uncertainty for our portfolio companies and our investment strategies and adversely affect the profitability of our portfolio companies.
since 2018, the u.s. has imposed various tariffs on chinese goods, including aluminum and steel, and china has retaliated by placing tariffs on various u.s. goods. while both countries signed a preliminary trade agreement in january 2020 halting further tariffs and increasing sales of u.s. goods to china, the agreement leaves in place most tariffs on chinese goods. the final outcome of the negotiations and agreements is not possible to predict, particularly as a result of the change in administration in the u.s. furthermore, in 2020 the u.s. implemented or expanded a number of economic sanctions programs and export controls that specifically targeted chinese entities and nationals on national security grounds, including, for example, with respect to china's response to political demonstrations in hong kong and china's conduct concerning the treatment of uighurs and other ethnic minorities in its xinjiang province. china has responded by imposing sanctions against certain u.s. nationals engaged in political activities relating to hong kong. further escalation of the "trade war" between the u.s. and china, the countries' inability to reach further trade agreements, or the continued use of reciprocal sanctions by each country, may negatively impact the rate of global growth, particularly in china, which has and continues to exhibit signs of slowing growth. such slowing growth could adversely affect the revenues and profitability of our funds' portfolio companies.
39
in december 2019, the u.s., mexico and canada signed the amended united states-mexico-canada agreement (the "usmca"), which replaced the north american free trade agreement. the impact that the usmca will have on us and our portfolio companies is difficult to predict.
there is uncertainty as to the actions that may be taken under the new administration with respect to u.s. trade policy with china and the usmca. further governmental actions related to the imposition of tariffs or other trade barriers or changes to international trade agreements or policies, could further increase costs, decrease margins, reduce the competitiveness of products and services offered by current and future portfolio companies and adversely affect the revenues and profitability of companies whose businesses rely on goods imported from outside of the u.s.
financial deregulation measures may create regulatory uncertainty for the financial sector, increase competition in certain of our investment strategies and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
on may 24, 2018, the economic growth, regulatory relief and consumer protection act (the "reform act") was signed into law. among other financial regulatory changes, the reform act amends various sections of the dodd-frank act, including by modifying the volcker rule to exempt certain insured depository institutions. in 2019, u.s. federal regulatory agencies adopted (a) amendments to the volcker rule regulations to implement the volcker rule amendments included in the reform act and (b) certain targeted amendments to the volcker rule regulations to simplify and tailor certain compliance requirements relating to the volcker rule. in june 2020, u.s. federal regulatory agencies adopted additional revisions to the volcker rule's current restrictions on banking entities sponsoring and investing in certain covered hedge funds and private equity funds, including by adopting new exemptions allowing banking entities to sponsor and invest without limit in credit funds, venture capital funds, customer facilitation funds and family wealth management vehicles (the "covered fund amendments"). the covered fund amendments also loosen certain other restrictions on extraterritorial fund activities and direct parallel or co-investments made alongside covered funds. the covered fund amendments should therefore expand the ability of banking entities to invest in and sponsor private funds. the covered fund amendments, the reform act and similar regulatory developments may have the effect of increasing competition for our businesses. for example, increased competition from banks and other financial institutions in the credit markets could have the effect of reducing credit spreads, which may adversely affect the revenues of our credit and other businesses whose strategies include the provision of credit to borrowers.
to date, the new administration has not expressed an intent to implement measures focused on deregulation of the u.s. financial services industry, and has taken actions seeking to halt or reverse certain deregulation measures adopted by the prior administration. however, whether the new administration or regulatory agencies will enact, adopt or modify any particular financial regulations remains unclear. any changes in the regulatory framework applicable to our business or the businesses of the portfolio companies of our funds, including the changes described above, may create uncertainty, require the attention of our senior management or result in limitations on the manner in which business is conducted, or may ultimately have an adverse impact on the competitiveness of certain nonbank financial service providers vis-à-vis traditional banking organizations.
we and our affiliates from time to time are required to report specified dealings or transactions involving iran or other sanctioned individuals or entities.
the iran threat reduction and syria human rights act of 2012 ("itra") expands the scope of u.s. sanctions against iran. additionally, section 219 of the itra amended the exchange act to require companies subject to sec reporting obligations under section 13 of the exchange act to disclose in their periodic reports specified dealings or transactions involving iran or other individuals and entities targeted by certain ofac sanctions engaged in by the reporting company or any of its affiliates during the period covered by the relevant periodic report. in some cases, itra requires companies to disclose these types of transactions even if they were permissible under u.s. law. companies that currently may be or may have been at the time considered our affiliates have from time to time publicly filed and/or provided to us the disclosures reproduced on exhibit 99.1 of our quarterly reports. we do not independently verify or participate in the preparation of these disclosures. we are required to separately
40
file with the sec a notice when such activities have been disclosed in this report, and the sec is required to post such notice of disclosure on its website and send the report to the president and certain u.s. congressional committees. the president thereafter is required to initiate an investigation and, within 180 days of initiating such an investigation, determine whether sanctions should be imposed. disclosure of such activity, even if such activity is not subject to sanctions under applicable law, and any sanctions actually imposed on us or our affiliates as a result of these activities, could harm our reputation and have a negative impact on our business, and any failure to disclose any such activities as required could additionally result in fines or penalties.
we are subject to increasing scrutiny from certain investors with respect to the environmental, social and governance impact of investments made by our funds, which may constrain capital deployment opportunities for our funds and adversely impact our ability to raise capital from such investors.
in recent years, certain investors, including public pension funds, have placed increasing importance on the negative impacts of investments made by the private equity and other funds to which they commit capital, including with respect to environmental, social and governance ("esg") matters. certain investors have also demonstrated increased activism with respect to existing investments, including by urging asset managers to take certain actions that could adversely impact the value of an investment, or refrain from taking certain actions that could improve the value of an investment. at times, investors have conditioned future capital commitments on the taking or refraining from taking of such actions. increased focus and activism related to esg and similar matters may constrain our capital deployment opportunities, and the demands of certain investors, including public pension funds, may further limit the types of investments that are available to our funds. in addition, investors, including public pension funds, which represent a significant portion of our funds' investor bases, may decide to withdraw previously committed capital from our funds (where such withdrawal is permitted) or to not commit capital to future fundraises as a result of their assessment of our approach to and consideration of the social cost of investments made by our funds. to the extent our access to capital from investors, including public pension funds, is impaired, we may not be able to maintain or increase the size of our funds or raise sufficient capital for new funds, which may adversely impact our revenues.
in addition, esg matters have been the subject of increased focus by certain regulators in the u.s. and the eu. see "- financial regulatory changes in the united states could adversely affect our business" and "- regulatory changes in jurisdictions outside the united states could adversely affect our business." as a result of these legislative initiatives, we may be required to provide additional disclosure to investors in our funds with respect to esg matters.
regulatory changes in jurisdictions outside the united states could adversely affect our business.
similar to the united states, the jurisdictions outside the united states in which we operate, in particular europe, have become subject to further regulation. governmental regulators and other authorities in europe have proposed or implemented a number of initiatives and additional rules and regulations that could adversely affect our business. increasingly, the rules and regulations in the financial sector in europe are becoming more prescriptive. rules and regulations in other jurisdictions are often informed by key features of u.s. and european rules and regulations and, as a result, our businesses outside of these jurisdictions, including across asia, may become subject to increased regulation in the future.
in europe, the aifm law was implemented in 2013 and established a regulatory regime for alternative investment fund managers, including private equity and hedge fund managers. the aifm law is applicable to our aifm in luxembourg and ireland. we have had to comply with these and other requirements of the aifm law in order to market certain of our investment funds to professional investors in the eea. following brexit, the u.k. has "on-shored" relevant european legislation. on-shoring is the process of amending eu legislation and regulatory requirements so that these apply in a u.k.-only context. the u.k. has on-shored the aifm law and therefore similar requirements continue to apply to bgip and u.k. funds notwithstanding brexit.
41
in addition, a june 2020 report on the application and scope of the aifm law is expected to result in a legislative proposal (commonly referred to as "aifmd ii") that may increase the cost of doing business for our aifm in luxembourg and our non-eea aifms looking to market in the eea. our funds may become disadvantaged in attracting certain investors that are located in eea member states as compared to non-aifm competitors that may not be subject to such requirements. as a result, compliance with aifmd ii has the potential to increase the cost and complexity of raising capital and consequently may slow the pace of fundraising.
the eu securitization regulation (the "securitization regulation"), which became effective on january 1, 2019, imposes due diligence and risk retention requirements on "institutional investors" (which includes managers of alternative investment funds assets) which must be satisfied prior to holding a securitization position, and constrains the ability of alternative investment funds to invest in securitization positions that do not comply with, among other things, the prescribed risk retention requirements. these requirements may apply to aifs managed by not only eu aifms but also non-eu aifms where those aifs have been registered for marketing in the eu under article 42 of the aifm law. given the expanded breadth of the revised regulation, this may impact or limit our funds' ability to make certain investments that constitute "securitizations" under the securitization regulation. the u.k. has on-shored the eu securitization regulation and therefore similar requirements continue to apply in the u.k. notwithstanding brexit.
the eu regulation on over-the-counter ("otc") derivative transactions, central counterparties and trade repositories (the "european market infrastructure regulation" or "emir") requires the mandatory clearing of certain otc derivatives through central counterparties, creates additional risk mitigation requirements (including, in particular, margining requirements) in respect of certain otc derivative transactions that are not cleared by a central counterparty and imposes reporting and record keeping requirements in respect of most derivative transactions. the requirements are similar to, but not the same as, those in title vii of the dodd-frank act. the u.k. has on-shored emir and a similar but not identical set of rules therefore now apply in the u.k. notwithstanding brexit. certain cross-border arrangements (such as those where a blackstone european fund enters into derivatives transactions with a u.k. counterparty, transacts on a u.k. trading venue or clears its derivatives through a u.k. clearing house) may be impacted. compliance with the relevant requirements in the eu and the u.k. (as applicable) is likely to continue to increase the administrative burdens and costs of doing business.
european regulation, in particular mifid ii, requires, among other things, all mifid investment firms, including private equity and hedge fund managers, to comply with more prescriptive disclosure, transparency, reporting and recordkeeping obligations and enhanced obligations in relation to the receipt of investment research, best execution, product governance and marketing communications. the u.k. has on-shored mifid and therefore similar requirements continue to apply in the u.k. notwithstanding brexit. compliance with mifid ii has resulted in greater overall complexity, higher compliance and administration and operational costs and less overall flexibility.
as with any other organization that holds personal data of eu data subjects, we are required to comply with the gdpr because, among other things, we process european individuals' personal data in the u.s. via our global technology systems. financial regulators and data protection authorities throughout the eu have significantly increased audit and investigatory powers under gdpr to probe how personal data is being used and processed. serious breaches of gdpr include antitrust-like fines on companies of up to the greater of €20 million or 4% of global group turnover in the preceding year, regulatory action and reputational risk. see "- rapidly developing and changing global privacy laws and regulations could increase compliance costs and subject us to enforcement risks and reputational damage." the u.k. has on-shored gdpr and similar requirements therefore continue to apply in the u.k. notwithstanding brexit. the tca provides for a transitional period during which transfers of personal data from the eu to the u.k. will not be considered as transfers to a third country under eu gdpr. if this transitional period ends without the european commission adopting an adequacy decision in relation to the u.k., transfers of personal data from the eu to the u.k. will be subject to additional requirements under the eu gdpr rules on exporting data outside the eu.
a new eu regulation ("ifr/ifd") on the prudential requirements of investment firms will come into effect on june 26, 2021 and introduce a prudential regime for most mifid investment. these new regimes may result in higher capital requirements for our mifid firms, more onerous remuneration rules and enhanced internal governance, disclosure, reporting, liquidity and consolidation requirements.
42
the new eu sustainable finance disclosure regulation ("sfdr") requires mifid firms and aifms to take into account sustainability and environmental, social and governance factors in their organizational (including remuneration), risk and governance arrangements, and to make certain public disclosures regarding their approach to those factors. the majority of these requirements are expected to come into effect in the eu on march 10, 2021, and will affect our eea operations, including to a certain extent where non-eu funds or other products are provided to clients or investors in the eu. uncertainty as to the detail and scope of these rules remains, but in particular there is a risk that additional data may need to be collected and disclosed in the future, which could increase the compliance burden and costs for our european operations and/or funds.
in addition, on june 22, 2020, a regulation on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment was published in the official journal of the european union (the "taxonomy regulation"). the taxonomy regulation sets out a framework for classifying economic activities as "environmentally sustainable" and also introduces certain mandatory disclosure and reporting requirements (which supplement those set out in sfdr) for financial products which have an environmental sustainable investment objective or which promote environmental characteristics. the taxonomy regulation is due to take effect in part from january 2022 and in part from january 2023. complying with these new rules (or, in the case of future u.k. legislative or regulatory initiatives, revised or existing rules which diverge from those in force in the eea) may create additional compliance burden and cost for blackstone and funds managed by blackstone.
while the u.k. is not expected to implement equivalent legislative initiatives, it has signaled an intention to introduce a new legislative framework focused on implementing the recommendations of the financial stability board taskforce on climate-related financial disclosures ("tcfd"), in particular by introducing mandatory tcfd-aligned disclosure requirements for u.k. firms. this framework is still in development and will be subject to a phased implementation, and is therefore not expected to begin to apply to the asset management sector until 2022 at the earliest. it is unclear at this stage what impact this new regime will have on our business.
we are subject to substantial litigation risks and may face significant liabilities and damage to our professional reputation as a result of litigation allegations and negative publicity.
in recent years, the volume of claims and amount of damages claimed in litigation and regulatory proceedings against the financial services industry in general have been increasing. the investment decisions we make in our asset management business and the activities of our investment professionals in connection with portfolio companies may subject the companies, funds and us to the risk of third party litigation arising from investor dissatisfaction with the performance of those investment funds, alleged conflicts of interest, the suitability or manner of distribution of our products, including to retail investors, the activities of our funds' portfolio companies and a variety of other litigation claims. from time to time we, our funds and our funds' public portfolio companies have been and may be subject to securities class action lawsuits by stockholders, as well as class action lawsuits that challenge our acquisition transactions and/or attempt to enjoin them. please see "item 3. legal proceedings" for a discussion of a certain proceeding to which we are currently a party.
in addition, to the extent investors in our investment funds suffer losses resulting from fraud, gross negligence, willful misconduct or other similar misconduct, investors may have remedies against us, our investment funds, our senior managing directors or our affiliates under the federal securities law and/or state law. while the general partners and investment advisers to our investment funds, including their directors, officers, other employees and affiliates, are generally indemnified to the fullest extent permitted by law with respect to their conduct in connection with the management of the business and affairs of our investment funds, such indemnity does not extend to actions determined to have involved fraud, gross negligence, willful misconduct or other similar misconduct.
the activities of our capital markets services business may also subject us to the risk of liabilities to our clients and third parties, including our clients' stockholders, under securities or other laws in connection with transactions in which we participate.
43
any private lawsuits or regulatory actions brought against us and resulting in a finding of substantial legal liability could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations or cause significant reputational harm to us, which could seriously harm our business. we depend to a large extent on our business relationships and our reputation for integrity and high-caliber professional services to attract and retain investors and to pursue investment opportunities for our funds. as a result, allegations of improper conduct by private litigants, regulators, or employees, whether the ultimate outcome is favorable or unfavorable to us, as well as negative publicity and press speculation about us, our investment activities, our lines of business or distribution channels, our workplace environment, or the asset management industry in general, whether or not valid, may harm our reputation, which may be more damaging to our business than to other types of businesses. the pervasiveness of social media, coupled with increased public focus on the externalities of business activities, could further magnify the reputational risks associated with negative publicity.
employee misconduct could harm us by impairing our ability to attract and retain clients and subjecting us to significant legal liability and reputational harm. fraud and other deceptive practices or other misconduct at our funds' portfolio companies could similarly subject us to liability and reputational damage and also harm performance.
our employees could engage in misconduct that adversely affects our business. we are subject to a number of obligations and standards arising from our asset management business and our authority over the assets managed by our asset management business. the violation of these obligations and standards by any of our employees would adversely affect our clients and us. our business often requires that we deal with confidential matters of great significance to companies in which we may invest. if our employees were to improperly use or disclose confidential information, we could suffer serious harm to our reputation, financial position and current and future business relationships. detecting or deterring employee misconduct is not always possible, and the extensive precautions we take to detect and prevent this activity may not be effective in all cases. if one of our employees were to engage in misconduct or were to be accused of such misconduct, our business and our reputation could be adversely affected.
in recent years, the u.s. department of justice and the sec have devoted greater resources to enforcement of the foreign corrupt practices act ("fcpa"). in addition, the u.k. has also significantly expanded the reach of its anti-bribery laws. local jurisdictions, such as brazil, have also brought a greater focus to anti-bribery laws. while we have developed and implemented policies and procedures designed to ensure strict compliance by us and our personnel with the fcpa, such policies and procedures may not be effective in all instances to prevent violations. any determination that we have violated the fcpa, the u.k. anti-bribery laws or other applicable anti-corruption laws could subject us to, among other things, civil and criminal penalties or material fines, profit disgorgement, injunctions on future conduct, securities litigation and a general loss of investor confidence, any one of which could adversely affect our business prospects, financial position or the market value of our common stock.
in addition, we may also be adversely affected if there is misconduct by personnel of portfolio companies in which our funds invest. for example, financial fraud or other deceptive practices at our funds' portfolio companies, or failures by personnel at our funds' portfolio companies to comply with anti-bribery, trade sanctions, anti-harassment, anti-discrimination or other legal and regulatory requirements, could subject us to, among other things, civil and criminal penalties or material fines, profit disgorgement, injunctions on future conduct and securities litigation, and could also cause significant reputational and business harm to us. such misconduct may undermine our due diligence efforts with respect to such portfolio companies and could negatively affect the valuations of the investments by our funds in such portfolio companies. in addition, we may face an increased risk of such misconduct to the extent our investment in non-u.s. markets, particularly emerging markets, increases.
poor performance of our investment funds would cause a decline in our revenue, income and cash flow, may obligate us to repay performance allocations previously paid to us, and could adversely affect our ability to raise capital for future investment funds.
in the event that any of our investment funds were to perform poorly, our revenue, income and cash flow would decline because the value of our assets under management would decrease, which would result in a reduction in management fees, and our investment returns would decrease, resulting in a reduction in the performance allocations and incentive fees we earn. moreover, we could experience losses on our investments of
44
our own principal as a result of poor investment performance by our investment funds. furthermore, if, as a result of poor performance of later investments in a carry fund's life, the fund does not achieve certain investment returns for the fund over its life, we will be obligated to repay the amount by which performance allocations that were previously distributed to us exceed the amount to which the relevant general partner is ultimately entitled.
poor performance of our investment funds could make it more difficult for us to raise new capital. investors in funds might decline to invest in future investment funds we raise and investors in hedge funds or other investment funds might withdraw their investments as a result of poor performance of the investment funds in which they are invested. investors and potential investors in our funds continually assess our investment funds' performance, and our ability to raise capital for existing and future investment funds and avoid excessive redemption levels will depend on our investment funds' continued satisfactory performance. accordingly, poor fund performance may deter future investment in our funds and thereby decrease the capital invested in our funds and ultimately, our management fee revenue. alternatively, in the face of poor fund performance, investors could demand lower fees or fee concessions for existing or future funds which would likewise decrease our revenue.
our asset management business depends in large part on our ability to raise capital from third party investors. a failure to raise capital from third party investors on attractive fee terms or at all, would impact our ability to collect management fees or deploy such capital into investments and potentially collect performance allocations, which would materially reduce our revenue and cash flow and adversely affect our financial condition.
our ability to raise capital from third party investors depends on a number of factors, including certain factors that are outside our control. certain factors, such as the performance of the stock market and the asset allocation rules or investment policies to which such third party investors are subject, could inhibit or restrict the ability of third party investors to make investments in our investment funds or the asset classes in which our investment funds invest. for example, state politicians and lawmakers in pennsylvania, new jersey and north carolina have taken steps or expressed intent to take steps to reduce or minimize the ability of their state pension funds to invest in alternative asset classes. the pennsylvania governor, for example, asked the state's two retirement funds to close out their private equity investments in favor of an all-index fund strategy, citing high fees paid to alternative asset managers, and in new jersey, new commitments by the state pension fund to private equity were frozen in 2018. there is no assurance that other states will not take similar actions, which may impair our access to capital from an investor base that has historically represented a significant portion of our fundraising. in addition, volatility in the valuations of investments, has in the past and may in the future affect our ability to raise capital from third party investors. to the extent periods of volatility are coupled with a lack of realizations from investors' existing private equity and real estate portfolios, such investors may be left with disproportionately outsized remaining commitments to a number of investment funds, which significantly limits such investors' ability to make new commitments to third party managed investment funds such as those managed by us.
our ability to raise new funds could similarly be hampered if the general appeal of private equity and other alternative investments were to decline. an investment in a limited partner interest in a private equity fund is more illiquid and the returns on such investment may be more volatile than an investment in securities for which there is a more active and transparent market. in periods of positive markets and low volatility, for example, investors may favor passive investment strategies such as index funds over our actively managed investment vehicles. alternative investments could also fall into disfavor as a result of concerns about liquidity and short-term performance. such concerns could be exhibited, in particular, by public pension funds, which have historically been among the largest investors in alternative assets. many public pension funds are significantly underfunded and their funding problems have been, and may in the future be, exacerbated by economic downturn. concerns with liquidity could cause such public pension funds to reevaluate the appropriateness of alternative investments. although a number of investors, including certain public pension funds, have increased their allocations to the alternative investments asset class in recent years, there is no assurance that this will continue or that our ability to raise capital from investors will not be hampered. in addition, our ability to raise capital from third parties outside of the u.s. could be limited to the extent other countries, such as china, impose restrictions or limitations on outbound foreign investment.
45
moreover, certain institutional investors are demonstrating a preference to in-source their own investment professionals and to make direct investments in alternative assets without the assistance of private equity advisers like us. such institutional investors may become our competitors and could cease to be our clients. as some existing investors cease or significantly curtail making commitments to alternative investment funds, we may need to identify and attract new investors in order to maintain or increase the size of our investment funds. there are no assurances that we can find or secure commitments from those new investors or that the fee terms of the commitments from such new investors will be consistent with the fees historically paid to us by our investors. if economic conditions were to deteriorate or if we are unable to find new investors, we might raise less than our desired amount for a given fund. further, as we seek to expand into other asset classes, we may be unable to raise a sufficient amount of capital to adequately support such businesses. a failure to successfully raise capital could materially reduce our revenue and cash flow and adversely affect our financial condition.
in connection with raising new funds or making further investments in existing funds, we negotiate terms for such funds and investments with existing and potential investors. the outcome of such negotiations could result in our agreement to terms that are materially less favorable to us than for prior funds we have managed or funds managed by our competitors, including with respect to management fees, incentive fees and/or carried interest, which could have an adverse impact on our revenues. such terms could also restrict our ability to raise investment funds with investment objectives or strategies that compete with existing funds, add additional expenses and obligations for us in managing the fund or increase our potential liabilities, all of which could ultimately reduce our revenues. in addition, certain institutional investors, including sovereign wealth funds and public pension funds, have demonstrated an increased preference for alternatives to the traditional investment fund structure, such as managed accounts, smaller funds and co-investment vehicles. there can be no assurance that such alternatives will be as profitable for us as the traditional investment fund structure, or as to the impact such a trend could have on the cost of our operations or profitability if we were to implement these alternative investment structures. in addition, certain institutional investors, including public pension funds, have publicly criticized certain fund fee and expense structures, including management fees and transaction and advisory fees. although we have no obligation to modify any of our fees with respect to our existing funds, we may experience pressure to do so in our funds. for example, we have confronted and expect to continue to confront requests from a variety of investors and groups representing investors to decrease fees, which could result in a reduction in the fees and performance allocations and incentive fees we earn.
certain policies and procedures implemented to mitigate potential conflicts of interest and address certain regulatory requirements may reduce the synergies across our various businesses.
because of our various asset management businesses and our capital markets services business, we will be subject to a number of actual and potential conflicts of interest and subject to greater regulatory oversight and more legal and contractual restrictions than that to which we would otherwise be subject if we had just one line of business. to mitigate these conflicts and address regulatory, legal and contractual requirements across our various businesses, we have implemented certain policies and procedures (for example, information walls) that may reduce the positive synergies that we cultivate across these businesses for purposes of identifying and managing attractive investments. for example, we may come into possession of confidential or material non-public information with respect to issuers in which we may be considering making an investment or issuers in which our affiliates may hold an interest. as a consequence of such policies and procedures, we may be precluded from providing such information or other ideas to our other businesses that might be of benefit to them.
our failure to deal appropriately with conflicts of interest in our investment business could damage our reputation and adversely affect our businesses.
as we have expanded and as we continue to expand the number and scope of our businesses, we increasingly confront potential conflicts of interest relating to our funds' investment activities. investment manager conflicts of interest continue to be a significant area of focus for regulators and the media. because of our size and the variety of businesses and investment strategies that we pursue, we may face a higher degree of scrutiny compared with investment managers that are smaller or focus on fewer asset classes. certain of our funds may have overlapping
46
investment objectives, including funds that have different fee structures and/or investment strategies that are more narrowly focused. potential conflicts may arise with respect to allocation of investment opportunities among us, our funds and our affiliates, including to the extent that the fund documents do not mandate a specific investment allocation. for example, we may allocate an investment opportunity that is appropriate for two or more investment funds in a manner that excludes one or more funds or results in a disproportionate allocation based on factors or criteria that we determine, such as sourcing of the transaction, specific nature of the investment or size and type of the investment, among other factors. we may also decide to provide a co-investment opportunity to certain investors in lieu of allocating a piece of the investment to our funds. in addition, the challenge of allocating investment opportunities to certain funds may be exacerbated as we expand our business to include more lines of business, including more public vehicles. allocating investment opportunities appropriately frequently involves significant and subjective judgments. the risk that fund investors or regulators could challenge allocation decisions as inconsistent with our obligations under applicable law, governing fund agreements or our own policies cannot be eliminated. in addition, the perception of non-compliance with such requirements or policies could harm our reputation with fund investors.
we may also cause different funds to invest in a single portfolio company, for example where the fund that made an initial investment no longer has capital available to invest. we may also cause different funds that we manage to purchase different classes of securities in the same portfolio company. for example, one of our clo funds could acquire a debt security issued by the same company in which one of our private equity funds owns common equity securities. a direct conflict of interest could arise between the debt holders and the equity holders if such a company were to develop insolvency concerns, and we would have to carefully manage that conflict. a decision to acquire material non-public information about a company while pursuing an investment opportunity for a particular fund gives rise to a potential conflict of interest when it results in our having to restrict the ability of other funds to take any action. our affiliates may be service providers or counterparties to our funds or portfolio companies and receive fees or other compensation for services that are not shared with our fund investors. in such instances, we may be incentivized to cause our funds or portfolio companies to purchase such services from our affiliates rather than an unaffiliated service provider despite the fact that a third party service provider could potentially provide higher quality services or offer them at a lower cost. in addition, conflicts of interest may exist in the valuation of our investments, as well as the personal trading of employees and the allocation of fees and expenses among us, our funds and their portfolio companies, and our affiliates. lastly, in certain, infrequent instances we may purchase an investment alongside one of our investment funds or sell an investment to one of our investment funds and conflicts may arise in respect of the allocation, pricing and timing of such investments and the ultimate disposition of such investments. a failure to appropriately deal with these, among other, conflicts, could negatively impact our reputation and ability to raise additional funds or result in potential litigation or regulatory action against us.
conflicts of interest may arise in our allocation of co-investment opportunities.
potential conflicts will arise with respect to our decisions regarding how to allocate co-investment opportunities among investors and the terms of any such co-investments. as a general matter, our allocation of co-investment opportunities is within our discretion and there can be no assurance that co-investment opportunities of any particular type or amount will become available to any of our investors. we may take into account a variety of factors and considerations we deem relevant in allocating co-investment opportunities, including, without limitation, whether a potential co-investor has expressed an interest in evaluating co-investment opportunities, our assessment of a potential co-investor's ability to invest an amount of capital that fits the needs of the investment and our assessment of a potential co-investor's ability to commit to a co-investment opportunity within the required timeframe of the particular transaction.
our fund documents typically do not mandate specific allocations with respect to co-investments. the investment advisers of our funds may have an incentive to provide potential co-investment opportunities to certain investors in lieu of others and/or in lieu of an allocation to our funds (including, for example, as part of an investor's overall strategic relationship with us) if such allocations are expected to generate relatively greater fees or performance allocations to us than would arise if such co-investment opportunities were allocated otherwise.
47
co-investment arrangements may be structured through one or more of our investment vehicles, and in such circumstances co-investors will generally bear the costs and expenses thereof (which may lead to conflicts of interest regarding the allocation of costs and expenses between such co-investors and investors in our funds). the terms of any such existing and future co-investment vehicles may differ materially, and in some instances may be more favorable to us, than the terms of certain of our funds or prior co-investment vehicles, and such different terms may create an incentive for us to allocate a greater or lesser percentage of an investment opportunity to such co-investment vehicles. there can be no assurance that any conflicts of interest will be resolved in favor of any particular investment funds or investors (including any applicable co-investors).
we have increasingly undertaken business initiatives to increase the number and type of investment products we offer to retail investors, which could expose us to new and greater levels of risk.
although retail investors have been part of our historic distribution efforts, we have increasingly undertaken business initiatives to increase the number and type of investment products we offer to high net worth individuals, family offices and mass affluent investors. in some cases we seek to distribute our unregistered funds to such retail investors indirectly through feeder funds sponsored by brokerage firms, private banks or third party feeder providers, and in other cases directly to the qualified clients of private banks, independent investment advisors and brokers. in other cases we create investment products regulated by the sec specifically designed for direct investment by retail investors, some of whom are not accredited investors. in june 2020, the dol, which has jurisdiction over the regulation of u.s. defined benefit and contribution plans, issued guidance clarifying that fiduciaries of individual account plans (such as 401(k) plans) could include a managed asset allocation fund (such as a target date fund, target risk fund or balanced fund) that invests a portion of its assets in private investment funds as an investment option. the dol guidance could augur greater access by 401(k) plan participants to investments that include a private equity component, which may present significant fundraising opportunities for our investment funds. however, under the new administration, the sec and other regulatory agencies may be less supportive of efforts to expand retail directed products or may impose conditions that would increase the regulatory burdens and costs of offering such products. new or different policy initiatives within the sec and other regulatory agencies may prevent or limit our ability to offer investment products to retail investors directly or through retirement plans, which would adversely affect our business and results of operations. our initiatives to access retail investors entail the investment of resources and our objectives may not be fully realized.
moreover, accessing retail investors and selling retail directed products exposes us to new and greater levels of risk, including heightened litigation and regulatory enforcement risks. to the extent we distribute retail products through new channels, including through unaffiliated firms, we may not be able to effectively monitor or control the manner of their distribution, which could result in litigation against us, including with respect to, among other things, claims that products distributed through such channels are distributed to customers for whom they are unsuitable or distributed in any other inappropriate manner. although we seek to ensure through due diligence and onboarding procedures that the channels through which retail investors access our investment products conduct themselves responsibly, to the extent that our investment products are being distributed through third parties, we are exposed to reputational damage and possible legal liability to the extent such third parties improperly sell our products to investors. similarly, the hiring of employees to oversee independent advisors and brokerage firms presents risks if they fail to follow training and supervisory procedures. in addition, the distribution of retail products, including through new channels whether directly or through market intermediaries, could expose us to additional regulatory risk in the form of allegations of improper conduct and/or actions by state and federal regulators against us with respect to, among other things, product suitability, conflicts of interest and the adequacy of disclosure to customers to whom our products are distributed through those channels.
valuation methodologies for certain assets in our funds can be subject to significant subjectivity and the fair value of assets established pursuant to such methodologies may never be realized, which could result in significant losses for our funds and the reduction of performance revenues.
our investment funds make investments in illiquid investments or financial instruments for which there is little, if any, market activity. we determine the value of such investments and financial instruments on at least a quarterly basis based on the fair value of such investments. the fair value of such investments and financial instruments is generally determined using a primary methodology and corroborated by a secondary methodology. methodologies are used on a consistent basis and described in the investment funds' valuation policies.
48
the determination of fair value using these methodologies takes into consideration a range of factors including, but not limited to, the price at which the investment was acquired, the nature of the investment, local market conditions, trading values on public exchanges for comparable securities, current and projected operating performance and financing transactions subsequent to the acquisition of the investment. these valuation methodologies involve a significant degree of management judgment. for example, as to investments that we share with another sponsor, we may apply a different valuation methodology than the other sponsor does or derive a different value than the other sponsor has derived on the same investment. these differences might cause some investors to question our valuations. see "part ii. item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operation - critical accounting policies" for an overview of our fair value policy and the significant judgment required in the application thereof in the use of different underlying assumptions, estimates, methodologies and/or judgments in the determination of the value of certain investments and financial instruments could potentially produce materially different results.
because there is significant uncertainty in the valuation of, or in the stability of the value of illiquid investments, the fair values of such investments as reflected in an investment fund's net asset value do not necessarily reflect the prices that would actually be obtained by us on behalf of the investment fund when such investments are realized. realizations at values significantly lower than the values at which investments have been reflected in prior fund net asset values would result in reduced gains or losses for the applicable fund, a decline in certain asset management fees and the reduction in potential performance allocations and incentive fees. changes in values of investments from quarter to quarter may result in volatility in our investment funds' net asset value, our investment in, or fees from, those funds and the results of operations and cash flow that we report from period to period. further, a situation where asset values turn out to be materially different than values reflected in prior fund net asset values could cause investors to lose confidence in us, which would in turn result in difficulty in raising additional funds or redemptions from our hedge funds.
our use of borrowings to finance our business exposes us to risks.
we use borrowings to finance our business operations as a public company. we have numerous outstanding notes with various maturity dates as well as a revolving credit facility that matures on november 24, 2025. see "part ii. item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - liquidity and capital resources - sources and uses of liquidity" for further information regarding our outstanding borrowings. as borrowings under the credit facility and our outstanding notes mature, we will be required to refinance or repay such borrowings. in order to do so, we may enter into a new facility or issue new notes, each of which could result in higher borrowing costs. we may also issue equity, which would dilute existing stockholders. further, we may choose to repay such borrowings using cash on hand, cash provided by our continuing operations or cash from the sale of our assets, each of which could reduce the amount of cash available to facilitate the growth and expansion of our businesses and pay dividends to our stockholders and operating expenses and other obligations as they arise. in order to obtain new borrowings, or to extend or refinance existing borrowings, we are dependent on the willingness and ability of financial institutions such as global banks to extend credit to us on favorable terms, and on our ability to access the debt and equity capital markets, which can be volatile. there is no guarantee that such financial institutions will continue to extend credit to us or that we will be able to access the capital markets to obtain new borrowings or refinance existing borrowings when they mature. in addition, the use of leverage to finance our business exposes us to the types of risk described in "- dependence on significant leverage in investments by our funds could adversely affect our ability to achieve attractive rates of return on those investments."
49
interest rates on our and our portfolio companies' outstanding financial instruments might be subject to change based on regulatory developments, which could adversely affect our revenue, expenses and the value of those financial instruments.
libor and certain other floating rate benchmark indices, including, without limitation, the euro interbank offered rate, tokyo interbank offered rate, hong kong interbank offered rate and singapore interbank offered rate (collectively, "ibors") are the subject of recent national, international and regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. these reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. on november 30, 2020, the fca, which regulates libor, announced that subject to confirmation following its consultation with the administrator of libor, it would cease publication of the one-week and two-month u.s. dollar libor immediately after december 31, 2021 and cease publication of the remaining tenors immediately after june 30, 2023. additionally, the federal reserve board has advised banks to stop entering into new u.s. dollar libor based contracts. other jurisdictions have also indicated they will implement reforms or phase-outs, which are currently scheduled to take effect at the end of calendar year 2021. a transition away from the widespread use of the various ibors to alternative rates is expected to occur over the course of the next several years. however, there is a lack of clarity as to what methods of calculating a replacement benchmark will be established or adopted generally, or whether different industry bodies, such as the loan market and the derivatives market, will adopt the same methodologies. in addition, as part of the transition to a replacement benchmark, parties may seek to adjust the spreads relative to such benchmarks in underlying contractual arrangements. as a result, interest rates on our clos and other financial instruments tied to ibor rates, including those where blackstone or its funds are exposed as lender or borrower, as well as the revenue and expenses associated with those financial instruments, may be adversely affected. for example, if lenders demand increases to credit spreads in order to migrate to alternative rates due to structural differences in the reference rates, this could increase our, our portfolio companies' and/or our funds' interest expense and cost of capital.
further, any uncertainty regarding the continued use and reliability of any ibor as a benchmark interest rate could adversely affect the value of our and our portfolio companies' financial instruments tied to such rates. there is no guarantee that a transition from any ibor to an alternative will not result in financial market disruptions or a significant increase in volatility in risk free benchmark rates or borrowing costs to borrowers. although we have been proactively negotiating provisions in our portfolio companies' and lending businesses' recent debt agreements to provide additional flexibility to address the transition away from ibor, there is no assurance that we will be able to adequately minimize the risk of disruption from the discontinuation of ibor or other changes to benchmark indices.
in addition, meaningful time and effort is required to transition to the use of new benchmark rates, including with respect to the negotiation and implementation of any necessary changes to existing contractual arrangements and the implementation of changes to our systems and processes. negotiating and implementing necessary amendments to our existing contractual arrangements may be particularly costly and time consuming. we are actively evaluating the operational and other impacts of such changes and managing transition efforts accordingly.
the historical returns attributable to our funds should not be considered as indicative of the future results of our funds or of our future results or of any returns expected on an investment in common stock.
the historical and potential future returns of the investment funds that we manage are not directly linked to returns on our common stock. therefore, any continued positive performance of the investment funds that we manage will not necessarily result in positive returns on an investment in our common stock. however, poor performance of the investment funds that we manage would cause a decline in our revenue from such investment funds, and would therefore have a negative effect on our performance and in all likelihood the returns on an investment in our common stock.
50
moreover, with respect to the historical returns of our investment funds:
•   we may create new funds in the future that reflect a different asset mix and different investment strategies (including funds whose management fees represent a more significant proportion of the fees than has historically been the case), as well as a varied geographic and industry exposure as compared to our present funds, and any such new funds could have different returns from our existing or previous funds,

•   despite periods of volatility, market conditions have been largely favorable in recent years, which has helped to generate positive performance, particularly in our private equity and real estate businesses, but there can be no assurance that such conditions will repeat or that our current or future investment funds will avail themselves of comparable market conditions,

•   the rates of returns of our carry funds reflect unrealized gains as of the applicable measurement date that may never be realized, which may adversely affect the ultimate value realized from those funds' investments,

•   competition for investment opportunities resulting from, among other things, the increased amount of capital invested in alternative investment funds continues to increase,

•   our investment funds' returns in some years benefited from investment opportunities and general market conditions that may not repeat themselves, our current or future investment funds might not be able to avail themselves of comparable investment opportunities or market conditions, and the circumstances under which our current or future funds may make future investments may differ significantly from those conditions prevailing in the past,

•   newly established funds may generate lower returns during the period in which they initially deploy their capital, and

•   the rates of return reflect our historical cost structure, which may vary in the future due to various factors enumerated elsewhere in this report and other factors beyond our control, including changes in laws.

the future internal rate of return for any current or future fund may vary considerably from the historical internal rate of return generated by any particular fund, or for our funds as a whole. in addition, future returns will be affected by the applicable risks described elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k, including risks of the industries and businesses in which a particular fund invests.
dependence on significant leverage in investments by our funds could adversely affect our ability to achieve attractive rates of return on those investments.
many of our funds' investments rely heavily on the use of leverage, and our ability to achieve attractive rates of return on investments will depend on our ability to access sufficient sources of indebtedness at attractive rates. for example, in many private equity and real estate investments, indebtedness may constitute as much as 70% or more of a portfolio company's or real estate asset's total debt and equity capitalization, including debt that may be incurred in connection with the investment. the absence of available sources of sufficient senior debt financing for extended periods of time could therefore materially and adversely affect our private equity and real estate businesses. in addition, in march 2013, the federal reserve and other u.s. federal banking agencies issued updated leveraged lending guidance covering transactions characterized by a degree of financial leverage. such guidance may limit the amount or cost of financing we are able to obtain for our transactions, and as a result, the returns on our investments may suffer. however, the status of the 2013 leveraged lending guidance remains uncertain following a determination by the government accountability office in october 2017 that resulted in such guidance being required to be submitted to u.s. congress for review. the possibility exists that, under the new administration, the u.s. federal bank regulatory agencies could apply the leveraged lending guidance in its current form, or implement a revised or new rule that limits leveraged lending. such regulatory action could limit the amount of funding and increase the cost of financing available for leveraged loan borrowers such as blackstone tactical opportunities and our corporate private equity business overall. furthermore, limits on the deductibility of corporate interest expense could make it more costly to use debt financing for our acquisitions or otherwise have an adverse impact on the cost structure of our transactions, and could therefore adversely affect the returns on our funds' investments. see "- proposed changes in u.s. and foreign taxation of businesses could adversely affect us."
51
in addition, an increase in either the general levels of interest rates or in the risk spread demanded by sources of indebtedness would make it more expensive to finance those businesses' investments. see "- an increase in interest rates and other changes in the debt financing markets could negatively impact the ability of our funds and their portfolio companies to obtain attractive financing or refinancing and could increase the cost of such financing if it is obtained, which could lead to lower-yielding investments and potentially decrease our net income."
investments in highly leveraged entities are inherently more sensitive to declines in revenues, increases in expenses and interest rates and adverse economic, market and industry developments. the incurrence of a significant amount of indebtedness by an entity could, among other things:
•   give rise to an obligation to make mandatory pre-payments of debt using excess cash flow, which might limit the entity's ability to respond to changing industry conditions to the extent additional cash is needed for the response, to make unplanned but necessary capital expenditures or to take advantage of growth opportunities,

•   limit the entity's ability to adjust to changing market conditions, thereby placing it at a competitive disadvantage compared to its competitors who have relatively less debt,

•   allow even moderate reductions in operating cash flow to render it unable to service its indebtedness, leading to a bankruptcy or other reorganization of the entity and a loss of part or all of the equity investment in it,

•   limit the entity's ability to engage in strategic acquisitions that might be necessary to generate attractive returns or further growth, and

•   limit the entity's ability to obtain additional financing or increase the cost of obtaining such financing, including for capital expenditures, working capital or general corporate purposes.

as a result, the risk of loss associated with a leveraged entity is generally greater than for companies with comparatively less debt. for example, many investments consummated by private equity sponsors during 2005, 2006 and 2007 that utilized significant amounts of leverage subsequently experienced severe economic stress and, in certain cases, defaulted on their debt obligations due to a decrease in revenues and cash flow precipitated by the subsequent economic downturn during 2008 and 2009.
when our funds' existing portfolio investments reach the point when debt incurred to finance those investments matures in significant amounts and must be either repaid or refinanced, those investments may materially suffer if they have generated insufficient cash flow to repay maturing debt and there is insufficient capacity and availability in the financing markets to permit them to refinance maturing debt on satisfactory terms, or at all. if a limited availability of financing for such purposes were to persist for an extended period of time, when significant amounts of the debt incurred to finance our private equity and real estate funds' existing portfolio investments came due, these funds could be materially and adversely affected.
many of the hedge funds in which our funds of hedge funds invest and our credit-focused funds, or clos, may choose to use leverage as part of their respective investment programs and regularly borrow a substantial amount of their capital. the use of leverage poses a significant degree of risk and enhances the possibility of a significant loss in the value of the investment portfolio. a fund may borrow money from time to time to purchase or carry securities or may enter into derivative transactions (such as total return swaps) with counterparties that have embedded leverage. the interest expense and other costs incurred in connection with such borrowing may not be recovered by appreciation in the securities purchased or carried and will be lost - and the timing and magnitude of such losses may be accelerated or exacerbated - in the event of a decline in the market value of such securities. gains realized with borrowed funds may cause the fund's net asset value to increase at a faster rate than would be the case without borrowings. however, if investment results fail to cover the cost of borrowings, the fund's net asset value could also decrease faster than if there had been no borrowings.
52
any of the foregoing circumstances could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flow.
the due diligence process that we undertake in connection with investments by our investment funds may not reveal all facts and issues that may be relevant in connection with an investment.
when evaluating a potential business or asset for investment, we conduct due diligence that we deem reasonable and appropriate based on the facts and circumstances applicable to such investment. when conducting due diligence, we may be required to evaluate important and complex issues, including but not limited to those related to business, financial, credit risk, tax, accounting, esg, legal and regulatory and macroeconomic trends. with respect to esg, the nature and scope of our diligence will vary based on the investment, but may include a review of, among other things: air and water pollution, land contamination, diversity, employee health and safety, accounting standards and bribery and corruption. outside consultants, legal advisers, accountants and investment banks may be involved in the due diligence process in varying degrees depending on the type of investment. the due diligence investigation that we will carry out with respect to any investment opportunity may not reveal or highlight all relevant facts (including fraud) or risks that may be necessary or helpful in evaluating such investment opportunity and we may not identify or foresee future developments that could have a material adverse effect on an investment, including, for example, potential factors, such as technological disruption of a specific company or asset, or an entire industry. further, some matters covered by our diligence, such as esg, are continuously evolving and we may not accurately or fully anticipate such evolution. in addition, when conducting due diligence on investments, including with respect to investments made by our funds of hedge funds in third party hedge funds, we rely on the resources available to us and information supplied by third parties, including information provided by the target of the investment (or, in the case of investments in a third party hedge fund, information provided by such hedge fund or its service providers). the information we receive from third parties may not be accurate or complete and therefore we may not have all the relevant facts and information necessary to properly assess and monitor our funds' investment.
our asset management activities involve investments in relatively high-risk, illiquid assets, and we may fail to realize any profits from these activities for a considerable period of time or lose some or all of our principal investments.
many of our investment funds invest in securities that are not publicly traded. in many cases, our investment funds may be prohibited by contract or by applicable securities laws from selling such securities for a period of time. our investment funds will generally not be able to sell these securities publicly unless their sale is registered under applicable securities laws, or unless an exemption from such registration is available. the ability of many of our investment funds, particularly our private equity funds, to dispose of investments is heavily dependent on the public equity markets. for example, the ability to realize any value from an investment may depend upon the ability to complete an initial public offering of the portfolio company in which such investment is held. even if the securities are publicly traded, large holdings of securities can often be disposed of only over a substantial length of time, exposing the investment returns to risks of downward movement in market prices during the intended disposition period. moreover, because the investment strategy of many of our funds, particularly our private equity and real estate funds, often entails our having representation on our funds' public portfolio company boards, our funds may be restricted in their ability to effect such sales during certain time periods. accordingly, under certain conditions, our investment funds may be forced to either sell securities at lower prices than they had expected to realize or defer - potentially for a considerable period of time - sales that they had planned to make. we have made and expect to continue to make significant principal investments in our current and future investment funds. contributing capital to these investment funds is risky, and we may lose some or the entire principal amount of our investments.
53
we pursue large or otherwise complex investments, which involve enhanced business, regulatory, legal and other risks.
a number of our funds, including our real estate and private equity funds, have invested and intend to continue to invest in large transactions or transactions that otherwise have substantial business, regulatory or legal complexity. in addition, as we raise new funds, such funds' mandates may include investing in such transactions. such investments involve enhanced risks. for example, larger or otherwise complex transactions may be more difficult, expensive and time-consuming to finance and execute. in addition, managing or realizing value from such investments may be more difficult as a result of, among other things, a limited universe of potential acquirers. in addition, larger or otherwise complex transactions may entail a higher level of scrutiny by regulators, labor unions and other third parties, as well as a greater risk of unknown and/or contingent liabilities. any of these factors could increase the risk that our larger or more complex investments could be less successful and in turn harm the performance of our funds.
larger transactions may be structured as "consortium transactions" due to the size of the investment and the amount of capital required to be invested. a consortium transaction involves an equity investment in which two or more investors serve together or collectively as equity sponsors. we have historically participated in a significant number of consortium transactions due to the increased size of many of the transactions in which we have been involved. consortium transactions generally entail a reduced level of control by blackstone over the investment because governance rights must be shared with the other investors. accordingly, we may not be able to control decisions relating to the investment, including decisions relating to the management and operation of the company and the timing and nature of any exit, which could result in the risks described in "- our investment funds make investments in companies that we do not control." in addition, the consequences to our investment funds of an unsuccessful larger investment could be more severe given the size of the investment.
our investment funds make investments in companies that we do not control.
investments by most of our investment funds will include debt instruments and equity securities of companies that we do not control. such investments will be subject to the risk that the company in which the investment is made may make business, financial or management decisions with which we do not agree or that the majority stakeholders or the management of the company may take risks or otherwise act in a manner that does not serve our interests. in addition, to the extent we hold only a minority equity interest in a company, we may lack affirmative control rights, which may diminish our ability to influence the company's affairs in a manner intended to enhance the value of our investment in the company, including with respect to the form and timing of an exit. if any of the foregoing were to occur, the values of investments by our investment funds could decrease and our financial condition, results of operations and cash flow could suffer as a result.
we expect to make investments in companies that are based outside of the united states, which may expose us to additional risks not typically associated with investing in companies that are based in the united states.
many of our investment funds generally invest a significant portion of their assets in the equity, debt, loans or other securities of issuers located outside the united states. international investments have increased and we expect will continue to increase as a proportion of certain of our funds' portfolios in the future. investments in non-u.s. securities involve certain factors not typically associated with investing in u.s. securities, including risks relating to:
•   currency exchange matters, including fluctuations in currency exchange rates and costs associated with conversion of investment principal and income from one currency into another,

•   less developed or efficient financial markets than in the united states, which may lead to potential price volatility and relative illiquidity,

•   the absence of uniform accounting, auditing and financial reporting standards, practices and disclosure requirements and less government supervision and regulation,

54
•   changes in laws or clarifications to existing laws that could impact our tax treaty positions, which could adversely impact the returns on our investments,

•   a less developed legal or regulatory environment, differences in the legal and regulatory environment or enhanced legal and regulatory compliance,

•   heightened exposure to corruption risk in non-u.s. markets,

•   political hostility to investments by foreign or private equity investors,

•   reliance on a more limited number of commodity inputs, service providers and/or distribution mechanisms,

•   higher rates of inflation,

•   higher transaction costs,

•   difficulty in enforcing contractual obligations,

•   fewer investor protections and less publicly available information in respect of companies in non-u.s. markets,

•   certain economic and political risks, including potential exchange control regulations and restrictions on our non-u.s. investments and repatriation of profits on investments or of capital invested, the risks of political, economic or social instability, the possibility of expropriation or confiscatory taxation and adverse economic and political developments, and

•   the possible imposition of non-u.s. taxes or withholding on income and gains recognized with respect to such securities.

in addition, investments in companies that are based outside of the united states may be negatively impacted by restrictions on international trade or the recent or potential further imposition of tariffs. see "- ongoing trade negotiations and related government actions and potential for further regulatory reform may create regulatory uncertainty for our portfolio companies and our investment strategies and adversely affect the profitability of our portfolio companies."
there can be no assurance that adverse developments with respect to such risks will not adversely affect our assets that are held in certain countries or the returns from these assets.
we may not have sufficient cash to pay back "clawback" obligations if and when they are triggered under the governing agreements with our investors.
in certain circumstances, at the end of the life of a carry fund (or earlier with respect to certain of our real estate funds, real estate debt funds and certain multi-asset class and/or opportunistic investment funds), as a result of diminished performance of later investments in any carry fund's life, we may be obligated to repay the amount by which performance allocations that were previously distributed to us exceed the amounts to which the relevant general partner is ultimately entitled on an after-tax basis. this includes situations in which the general partner receives in excess of the relevant performance allocations applicable to the fund as applied to the fund's cumulative net profits over the life of the fund or, in some cases, the fund has not achieved investment returns that exceed the preferred return threshold. this obligation is known as a "clawback" obligation and is an obligation of any person who received such performance allocations, including us and other participants in our performance allocations plans. although a portion of any dividends by us to our stockholders may include any performance allocations received by us, we do not intend to seek fulfillment of any clawback obligation by seeking to have our stockholders return any portion of such dividends attributable to performance allocations associated with any clawback obligation. to the extent we are required to fulfill a clawback obligation, however, our board of directors may determine to decrease the amount of our dividends to our stockholders. the clawback obligation operates with respect to a given carry fund's own net investment performance only and performance of other funds are not netted for determining this contingent obligation.
55
adverse economic conditions may increase the likelihood that one or more of our carry funds may be subject to clawback obligations upon the end of their respective lives (or earlier with respect to certain of our real estate funds, real estate debt funds and certain multi-asset class and/or opportunistic investment funds). to the extent one or more clawback obligations were to occur for any one or more carry funds, we might not have available cash at the time such clawback obligation is triggered to repay the performance allocations and satisfy such obligation. if we were unable to repay such performance allocations, we would be in breach of the governing agreements with our investors and could be subject to liability. moreover, although a clawback obligation is several, the governing agreements of most of our funds provide that to the extent another recipient of performance allocations (such as a current or former employee) does not fund his or her respective share, then we and our employees who participate in such performance allocations plans may have to fund additional amounts (generally an additional 50-70% beyond our pro-rata share of such obligations) beyond what we actually received in performance allocations, although we retain the right to pursue any remedies that we have under such governing agreements against those performance allocations recipients who fail to fund their obligations.
investments by our investment funds will in many cases rank junior to investments made by others.
in most cases, the companies in which our investment funds invest will have indebtedness or equity securities, or may be permitted to incur indebtedness or to issue equity securities, that rank senior to our investment. by their terms, such instruments may provide that their holders are entitled to receive payments of dividends, interest or principal on or before the dates on which payments are to be made in respect of our investment. also, in the event of insolvency, liquidation, dissolution, reorganization or bankruptcy of a company in which an investment is made, holders of securities ranking senior to our investment would typically be entitled to receive payment in full before distributions could be made in respect of our investment. after repaying senior security holders, the company may not have any remaining assets to use for repaying amounts owed in respect of our investment. to the extent that any assets remain, holders of claims that rank equally with our investment would be entitled to share on an equal and ratable basis in distributions that are made out of those assets. also, during periods of financial distress or following an insolvency, the ability of our investment funds to influence a company's affairs and to take actions to protect their investments may be substantially less than that of the senior creditors.
investors in our hedge funds or open-ended funds may redeem their investments in these funds. in addition, the investment management agreements related to our separately managed accounts may permit the investor to terminate our management of such account on short notice. lastly, investors in our other investment funds have the right to cause these investment funds to be dissolved. any of these events would lead to a decrease in our revenues, which could be substantial.
investors in our hedge funds may generally redeem their investments on an annual, semi-annual or quarterly basis following the expiration of a specified period of time when capital may not be withdrawn, subject to the applicable fund's specific redemption provisions. in addition, we have certain other open-ended funds, including core+ real estate and certain real estate debt funds, which contain similar redemption provisions in their governing documents. in a declining market, many hedge funds and other open-ended funds, including some of our funds, may experience declines in value, and the pace of redemptions and consequent reduction in our assets under management could accelerate. such declines in value may be both provoked and exacerbated by margin calls and forced selling of assets. to the extent appropriate and permissible under a fund's constituent documents, we may limit or suspend redemptions during a redemption period, which may have a reputational impact on us. see "- hedge fund investments are subject to numerous additional risks." the decrease in revenues that would result from significant redemptions in our hedge funds and other open-ended funds could have a material adverse effect on our business, revenues, net income and cash flows.
we currently manage a significant portion of investor assets through separately managed accounts whereby we earn management and/or incentive fees, and we intend to continue to seek additional separately managed account mandates. the investment management agreements we enter into in connection with managing separately managed accounts on behalf of certain clients may be terminated by such clients on as little as 30 days'
56
prior written notice. in addition, the boards of directors of the investment management companies we manage could terminate our advisory engagement of those companies, on as little as 30 days' prior written notice. in the case of any such terminations, the management and incentive fees we earn in connection with managing such account or company would immediately cease, which could result in a significant adverse impact on our revenues.
the governing agreements of most of our investment funds (with the exception of certain of our funds of hedge funds, hedge funds, certain credit-focused and real estate debt funds, and other funds or separately managed accounts for the benefit of one or more specified investors) provide that, subject to certain conditions, third party investors in those funds have the right to remove the general partner of the fund or to accelerate the termination date of the investment fund without cause by a simple majority vote, resulting in a reduction in management fees we would earn from such investment funds and a significant reduction in the amounts of performance allocations and incentive fees from those funds. performance allocations and incentive fees could be significantly reduced as a result of our inability to maximize the value of investments by an investment fund during the liquidation process or in the event of the triggering of a "clawback" obligation. in addition, the governing agreements of our investment funds provide that in the event certain "key persons" in our investment funds do not meet specified time commitments with regard to managing the fund, then investors in certain funds have the right to vote to terminate the investment period by a specified percentage (including, in certain cases, a simple majority) vote in accordance with specified procedures, accelerate the withdrawal of their capital on an investor-by-investor basis, or the fund's investment period will automatically terminate and a specified percentage (including, in certain cases, a simple majority) vote of investors is required to restart it. in addition, the governing agreements of some of our investment funds provide that investors have the right to terminate, for any reason, the investment period by a vote of 75% of the investors in such fund. in addition to having a significant negative impact on our revenue, net income and cash flow, the occurrence of such an event with respect to any of our investment funds would likely result in significant reputational damage to us.
in addition, because all of our investment funds have advisers that are registered under the advisers act, an "assignment" of the management agreements of all of our investment funds (which may be deemed to occur in the event these advisers were to experience a change of control) would generally be prohibited without investor consent. we cannot be certain that consents required for assignments of our investment management agreements will be obtained if a change of control occurs, which could result in the termination of such agreements. in addition, with respect to our 1940 act registered funds, each investment fund's investment management agreement must be approved annually by the independent members of such investment fund's board of directors and, in certain cases, by its stockholders, as required by law. termination of these agreements would cause us to lose the fees we earn from such investment funds.
third party investors in our investment funds with commitment-based structures may not satisfy their contractual obligation to fund capital calls when requested by us, which could adversely affect a fund's operations and performance.
investors in all of our carry funds (and certain of our hedge funds) make capital commitments to those funds that we are entitled to call from those investors at any time during prescribed periods. we depend on investors fulfilling their commitments when we call capital from them in order for those funds to consummate investments and otherwise pay their obligations (for example, management fees) when due. a default by an investor may also limit a fund's availability to incur borrowings and avail itself of what would otherwise have been available credit. we have not had investors fail to honor capital calls to any meaningful extent. any investor that did not fund a capital call would generally be subject to several possible penalties, including having a significant amount of its existing investment forfeited in that fund. however, the impact of the forfeiture penalty is directly correlated to the amount of capital previously invested by the investor in the fund and if an investor has invested little or no capital, for instance early in the life of the fund, then the forfeiture penalty may not be as meaningful. third party investors in private equity, real estate and venture capital funds typically use distributions from prior investments to meet future capital calls. in cases where valuations of investors' existing investments fall and the pace of distributions slows, investors may be unable to make new commitments to third party managed investment funds such as those advised by us. if investors were to fail to satisfy a significant amount of capital calls for any particular fund or funds, the operation and performance of those funds could be materially and adversely affected.
57
risk management activities may adversely affect the return on our funds' investments.
when managing our exposure to market risks, we may (on our own behalf or on behalf of our funds) from time to time use forward contracts, options, swaps, caps, collars and floors or pursue other strategies or use other forms of derivative instruments to limit our exposure to changes in the relative values of investments that may result from market developments, including changes in prevailing interest rates, currency exchange rates and commodity prices. the success of any hedging or other derivatives transactions generally will depend on our ability to correctly predict market changes, the degree of correlation between price movements of a derivative instrument, the position being hedged, the creditworthiness of the counterparty and other factors. as a result, while we may enter into a transaction in order to reduce our exposure to market risks, the transaction may result in poorer overall investment performance than if it had not been executed. such transactions may also limit the opportunity for gain if the value of a hedged position increases.
while such hedging arrangements may reduce certain risks, such arrangements themselves may entail certain other risks. these arrangements may require the posting of cash collateral at a time when a fund has insufficient cash or illiquid assets such that the posting of the cash is either impossible or requires the sale of assets at prices that do not reflect their underlying value. moreover, these hedging arrangements may generate significant transaction costs, including potential tax costs, that reduce the returns generated by a fund. finally, the cftc may in the future require certain foreign exchange products to be subject to mandatory clearing, which could increase the cost of entering into currency hedges.
our real estate funds are subject to the risks inherent in the ownership and operation of real estate and the construction and development of real estate.
investments in our real estate funds will be subject to the risks inherent in the ownership and operation of real estate and real estate-related businesses and assets, including the deterioration of real estate fundamentals. these risks include, but are not limited to, those associated with the burdens of ownership of real property, general and local economic conditions, changes in supply of and demand for competing properties in an area (as a result, for instance, of overbuilding), fluctuations in the average occupancy and room rates for hotel properties, operating income, the financial resources of tenants, changes in building, environmental, zoning and other laws, casualty or condemnation losses, energy and supply shortages, various uninsured or uninsurable risks, natural disasters, climate change related risks (including climate-related transition risks and acute and chronic physical risks), changes in government regulations (such as rent control), changes in real property tax rates, changes in income tax rates, changes in interest rates, the reduced availability of mortgage funds which may render the sale or refinancing of properties difficult or impracticable, increased mortgage defaults, increases in borrowing rates, changes to the taxation of business entities and the deductibility of corporate interest expense, negative developments in the economy that depress travel activity, environmental liabilities, contingent liabilities on disposition of assets, acts of god, terrorist attacks, war and other factors that are beyond our control. in addition, if our real estate funds acquire direct or indirect interests in undeveloped land or underdeveloped real property, which may often be non-income producing, they will be subject to the risks normally associated with such assets and development activities, including risks relating to the availability and timely receipt of zoning and other regulatory or environmental approvals, the cost and timely completion of construction (including risks beyond the control of our fund, such as weather or labor conditions or material shortages) and the availability of both construction and permanent financing on favorable terms. in addition, our real estate funds may also make investments in residential real estate projects and/or otherwise participate in financing opportunities relating to residential real estate assets or portfolios thereof from time to time, which may be more highly susceptible to adverse changes in prevailing economic and/or market conditions and present additional risks relative to the ownership and operation of commercial real estate assets.
58
certain of our investment funds may invest in securities of companies that are experiencing significant financial or business difficulties, including companies involved in bankruptcy or other reorganization and liquidation proceedings. such investments are subject to a greater risk of poor performance or loss.
certain of our investment funds, especially our credit-focused funds, may invest in business enterprises involved in work-outs, liquidations, spin-offs, reorganizations, bankruptcies and similar transactions and may purchase high-risk receivables. an investment in such business enterprises entails the risk that the transaction in which such business enterprise is involved either will be unsuccessful, will take considerable time or will result in a distribution of cash or a new security the value of which will be less than the purchase price to the fund of the security or other financial instrument in respect of which such distribution is received. in addition, if an anticipated transaction does not in fact occur, the fund may be required to sell its investment at a loss. investments in troubled companies may also be adversely affected by u.s. federal and state laws relating to, among other things, fraudulent conveyances, voidable preferences, lender liability and a bankruptcy court's discretionary power to disallow, subordinate or disenfranchise particular claims. investments in securities and private claims of troubled companies made in connection with an attempt to influence a restructuring proposal or plan of reorganization in a bankruptcy case may also involve substantial litigation. because there is substantial uncertainty concerning the outcome of transactions involving financially troubled companies, there is a potential risk of loss by a fund of its entire investment in such company. moreover, a major economic recession could have a materially adverse impact on the value of such securities. adverse publicity and investor perceptions, whether or not based on fundamental analysis, may also decrease the value and liquidity of securities rated below investment grade or otherwise adversely affect our reputation.
in addition, at least one federal circuit court has determined that an investment fund could be liable for erisa title iv pension obligations (including withdrawal liability incurred with respect to union multiemployer plans) of its portfolio companies, if such fund is a "trade or business" and the fund's ownership interest in the portfolio company is significant enough to bring the investment fund within the portfolio company's "controlled group." while a number of cases have held that managing investments is not a "trade or business" for tax purposes, the circuit court in this case concluded the investment fund could be a "trade or business" for erisa purposes based on certain factors, including the fund's level of involvement in the management of its portfolio companies and the nature of its management fee arrangements. litigation related to the circuit court's decision suggests that additional factors may be relevant for purposes of determining whether an investment fund could face "controlled group" liability under erisa, including the structure of the investment and the nature of the fund's relationship with other affiliated investors and co-investors in the portfolio company. moreover, regardless of whether an investment fund is determined to be a "trade or business" for purposes of erisa, a court might hold that one of the fund's portfolio companies could become jointly and severally liable for another portfolio company's unfunded pension liabilities pursuant to the erisa "controlled group" rules, depending upon the relevant investment structures and ownership interests as noted above.
investments in energy, manufacturing, infrastructure, real estate and certain other assets may expose us to increased environmental liabilities that are inherent in the ownership of real assets.
ownership of real assets in our funds or vehicles may increase our risk of liability under environmental laws that impose, regardless of fault, joint and several liability for the cost of remediating contamination and compensation for damages. in addition, changes in environmental laws or regulations (including climate change initiatives) or the environmental condition of an investment may create liabilities that did not exist at the time of acquisition. even in cases where we are indemnified by a seller against liabilities arising out of violations of environmental laws and regulations, there can be no assurance as to the financial viability of the seller to satisfy such indemnities or our ability to achieve enforcement of such indemnities.
59
investments by our funds in the power and energy industries involve various operational, construction, regulatory and market risks.
the development, operation and maintenance of power and energy generation facilities involves many risks, including, as applicable, labor issues, start-up risks, breakdown or failure of facilities, lack of sufficient capital to maintain the facilities and the dependence on a specific fuel source. power and energy generation facilities in which our funds invest are also subject to risks associated with volatility in the price of fuel sources and the impact of unusual or adverse weather conditions or other natural events, as well as the risk of performance below expected levels of output, efficiency or reliability. the occurrence of any such items could result in lost revenues and/or increased expenses. in turn, such developments could impair a portfolio company's ability to repay its debt or conduct its operations. we may also choose or be required to decommission a power generation facility or other asset. the decommissioning process could be protracted and result in the incurrence of significant financial and/or regulatory obligations or other uncertainties.
our power and energy sector portfolio companies may also face construction risks typical for power generation and related infrastructure businesses. such developments could result in substantial unanticipated delays or expenses and, under certain circumstances, could prevent completion of construction activities once undertaken. delays in the completion of any power project may result in lost revenues or increased expenses, including higher operation and maintenance costs related to such portfolio company.
the power and energy sectors are the subject of substantial and complex laws, rules and regulation by various federal and state regulatory agencies. failure to comply with applicable laws, rules and regulations could result in the prevention of operation of certain facilities or the prevention of the sale of such a facility to a third party, as well as the loss of certain rate authority, refund liability, penalties and other remedies, all of which could result in additional costs to a portfolio company and adversely affect the investment results. in recent years, there has been an increased focus by investors and other market participants on climate change and energy sustainability, including potential alternatives to fossil fuels, and increased activism, including through divestment of existing investments, with respect to sustainability-focused investing by asset managers, which could have a negative impact on our ability to exit certain of our traditional energy investments or adversely affect the expected returns of new investment opportunities. the new administration has communicated a renewed focus on climate change policies and most recently re-joined the paris agreement, which includes commitments from countries to reduce their greenhouse gas emissions, among other commitments. executive orders signed by the president placed a temporary moratorium on new oil and gas leasing on public lands and offshore waters. any legislative efforts by the administration or the u.s. congress to overturn or modify policies or regulations enacted by the prior administration and to place additional limitations on coal and gas electric generation, mining and/or exploration could adversely affect our traditional energy investments.
our businesses that invest in the energy industry also focus on investments in businesses involved in oil and gas exploration and development, which can be a speculative business involving a high degree of risk, including:
•   the use of new technologies, including hydraulic fracturing,

•   reliance on estimates of oil and gas reserves in the evaluation of available geological, geophysical, engineering and economic data for each reservoir, and

•   encountering unexpected formations or pressures, premature declines of reservoirs, blow-outs, equipment failures and other accidents in completing wells and otherwise, cratering, sour gas releases, uncontrollable flows of oil, natural gas or well fluids, adverse weather conditions, pollution, fires, spills and other environmental risks.

in addition, the performance of the investments made by our credit and equity funds in the energy and natural resources markets are also subject to a high degree of market risk, as such investments are likely to be directly or indirectly substantially dependent upon prevailing prices of oil, natural gas and other commodities. oil and natural gas prices are subject to wide fluctuation in response to factors beyond the control of us or our funds' portfolio companies, including relatively minor changes in the supply and demand for oil and natural gas, market uncertainty, the level of consumer product demand, weather conditions, climate change initiatives, governmental regulation, the price and availability of alternative fuels, political and economic conditions in oil producing countries, foreign supply of such commodities and overall domestic and foreign economic conditions. these factors make it difficult to predict future commodity price movements with any certainty.
60
our investments in infrastructure assets may expose us to increased risks that are inherent in the ownership of real assets.
investments in infrastructure assets may expose us to increased risks that are inherent in the ownership of real assets. for example,
•   ownership of infrastructure assets may present risk of liability for personal and property injury or impose significant operating challenges and costs with respect to, for example, compliance with zoning, environmental or other applicable laws.

•   infrastructure asset investments may face construction risks including, without limitation: (a) labor disputes, shortages of material and skilled labor, or work stoppages, (b) slower than projected construction progress and the unavailability or late delivery of necessary equipment, (c) less than optimal coordination with public utilities in the relocation of their facilities, (d) adverse weather conditions and unexpected construction conditions, (e) accidents or the breakdown or failure of construction equipment or processes, and (f) catastrophic events such as explosions, fires, terrorist activities and other similar events. these risks could result in substantial unanticipated delays or expenses (which may exceed expected or forecasted budgets) and, under certain circumstances, could prevent completion of construction activities once undertaken. certain infrastructure asset investments may remain in construction phases for a prolonged period and, accordingly, may not be cash generative for a prolonged period. recourse against the contractor may be subject to liability caps or may be subject to default or insolvency on the part of the contractor.

•   the operation of infrastructure assets is exposed to potential unplanned interruptions caused by significant catastrophic or force majeure events. these risks could, among other effects, adversely impact the cash flows available from investments in infrastructure assets, cause personal injury or loss of life, damage property, or instigate disruptions of service. in addition, the cost of repairing or replacing damaged assets could be considerable. repeated or prolonged service interruptions may result in permanent loss of customers, litigation, or penalties for regulatory or contractual non-compliance. force majeure events that are incapable of, or too costly to, cure may also have a permanent adverse effect on an investment.

•   the management of the business or operations of an infrastructure asset may be contracted to a third party management company unaffiliated with us. although it would be possible to replace any such operator, the failure of such an operator to adequately perform its duties or to act in ways that are in our best interest, or the breach by an operator of applicable agreements or laws, rules and regulations, could have an adverse effect on the investment's financial condition or results of operations. infrastructure investments may involve the subcontracting of design and construction activities in respect of projects, and as a result our investments are subject to the risks that contractual provisions passing liabilities to a subcontractor could be ineffective, the subcontractor fails to perform services which it has agreed to perform and the subcontractor becomes insolvent.

infrastructure investments often involve an ongoing commitment to a municipal, state, federal or foreign government or regulatory agencies. the nature of these obligations expose us to a higher level of regulatory control than typically imposed on other businesses and may require us to rely on complex government licenses, concessions, leases or contracts, which may be difficult to obtain or maintain. infrastructure investments may require operators to manage such investments and such operators' failure to comply with laws, including prohibitions against bribing of government officials, may adversely affect the value of such investments and cause us serious reputational and legal harm. revenues for such investments may rely on contractual agreements for the provision of services with a limited number of counterparties, and are consequently subject to counterparty default risk. the operations and cash flow of infrastructure investments are also more sensitive to inflation and, in certain cases, commodity price risk. furthermore, services provided by infrastructure investments may be subject to rate regulations by government entities that determine or limit prices that may be charged. similarly, users of applicable services or government entities in response to such users may react negatively to any adjustments in rates and thus reduce the profitability of such infrastructure investments.
61
our investments in the life science industry may expose us to increased risks.
investments by bxls, a private investment platform with capabilities to invest across the life cycle of companies and products within the key life sciences sectors, may expose us to increased risks. for example,
•   bxls's strategies include, among others, investments that are referred to as "pharmaceutical corporate partnership" transactions. pharmaceutical corporate partnership transactions are risk-sharing collaborations with large biopharmaceutical and medical device partners on drug and medical device development programs and investments in royalty streams of pre-commercial biopharmaceutical products. bxls's ability to source pharmaceutical corporate partnership transactions has been, and will continue to be, in part dependent on the ability of special purpose development companies to identify, diligence, negotiate and in many cases, take the lead in executing the agreed development plans with respect to, a pharmaceutical corporate partnership transaction. moreover, as such special purpose development companies are jointly owned by us or our affiliates and unaffiliated life sciences investors, we (and our funds) are not the sole beneficiaries of such sourcing strategies and capabilities of such special purpose development companies.

•   life sciences and healthcare companies are subject to extensive regulation by the u.s. food and drug administration, similar foreign regulatory authorities and, to a lesser extent, other federal and state agencies. these companies are subject to the expense, delay and uncertainty of the product approval process, and there can be no guarantee that a particular product candidate will obtain regulatory approval. in addition, the current regulatory framework may change or additional regulations may arise at any stage during the product development phase of an investment, which may delay or prevent regulatory approval or impact applicable exclusivity periods. if a company in which our funds are invested is unable to obtain regulatory approval for a product candidate, or a product candidate in which our funds are invested does not obtain regulatory approval, in a timely fashion or at all, the value of our investment would be adversely impacted. in addition, in connection with certain pharmaceutical corporate partnership transactions, our special purpose development companies will be contractually obligated to run clinical trials. further, a clinical trial (including enrollment therein) or regulatory approval process for pharmaceuticals has and may in the future be delayed, otherwise hindered or abandoned as a result of epidemics (including covid-19), which could have a negative impact on the ability of the investment to engage in trials or receive approvals, and thereby could adversely affect the performance of the investment. in the event such clinical trials do not comply with the complicated regulatory requirements applicable thereto, such special purpose development companies may be subject to regulatory actions. in addition, if legislation is passed in the u.s. that reduces applicable exclusivity periods for drug or medical device products, this reform could result in price reductions at an earlier stage of a product's life cycle than originally estimated by bxls, which could reduce the cumulative financial returns on bxls's investment in any such product.

•   intellectual property often constitutes an important part of a life sciences company's assets and competitive strengths, particularly for royalty monetization transactions. to the extent such companies' intellectual property positions with respect to products in which bxls invests, whether through a royalty monetization or otherwise, are challenged, invalidated or circumvented, the value of bxls's investment may be impaired. the success of a life sciences investment depends in part on the ability of the biopharmaceutical or medical device companies in whose products bxls invests to obtain and defend patent rights and other intellectual property rights that are important to the commercialization of such products. the patent positions of such companies can be highly uncertain and often involve complex legal, scientific and factual questions.

•   the commercial success of products could be compromised if governmental or third party payers do not provide coverage and reimbursement, breach, rescind or modify their contracts or reimbursement policies or delay payments for such products. in both the u.s. and foreign markets, the successful sale of a life sciences company's product depends on the ability to obtain and maintain adequate coverage and reimbursement from third party payers, including government healthcare programs and private insurance

62
plans. governments and third party payers continue to pursue aggressive initiatives to contain costs and manage drug utilization and are increasingly focused on the effectiveness, benefits and costs of similar treatments, which could result in lower reimbursement rates and narrower populations for whom the products in which bxls invests will be reimbursed by payers. the new administration may seek to modify coverage and reimbursement policies for life sciences companies' products; however, it remains unclear how and when, if at all, the administration will take such actions. to the extent an investment made by bxls relies in whole or in part on royalties or other payments based on product sales, adequate third party payer reimbursement may not be available to enable price levels for the product sufficient for bxls to realize an appropriate return on the investment.

our provision of products and services to insurance companies, including through blackstone insurance solutions, subjects us to a variety of risks and uncertainties.
blackstone insurance solutions ("bis") is a platform that we established to combine insurance asset management expertise with blackstone's diverse set of products to provide tailored solutions for insurance companies worldwide. bis seeks to deliver to insurance companies customizable and diversified portfolios of blackstone products across asset classes, as well as the option for partial or full management of insurance companies' general account assets, and is subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties. for example, bis currently manages assets for fidelity & guaranty life insurance company and certain of its affiliates pursuant to several investment management agreements. in addition, in july 2016, blackstone and axis capital co-sponsored the establishment of harrington reinsurance, a bermuda property and casualty reinsurance company, and bis currently manages all general account assets of harrington reinsurance. bis also manages or sub-manages assets for certain insurance-dedicated funds and special purpose vehicles, and has developed, and expects to continue to develop, other capital-efficient products for insurance companies. the success of bis will depend in large part on further developing investment partnerships with insurance company clients and maintaining existing asset management arrangements, including those described above. if we fail to deliver high-quality, high-performing products that help our insurance company clients meet long-term policyholder obligations, bis may not be successful in retaining existing investment partnerships, developing new investment partnerships or selling its capital-efficient products and such failure may have a material adverse effect on our business, results and financial condition.
the u.s. and non-u.s. insurance industries are subject to significant regulatory oversight. regulatory authorities in many relevant jurisdictions have broad regulatory (including through any regulatory support organization), administrative, and in some cases discretionary, authority with respect to insurance companies and/or their investment advisors, which may include, among other things, the investments insurance companies may acquire and hold, marketing practices, affiliate transactions, reserve requirements and capital adequacy. these requirements are primarily concerned with the protection of policyholders, and regulatory authorities often have wide discretion in applying the relevant restrictions and regulations to insurance companies, which may indirectly affect bis and other blackstone businesses that offer products or services to insurance companies. we may be the target or subject of, or may have indemnification obligations related to, litigation (including class action litigation by policyholders), enforcement investigations or regulatory scrutiny. regulators and other authorities generally have the power to bring administrative or judicial proceedings against insurance companies, which could result in, among other things, suspension or revocation of licenses, cease-and-desist orders, fines, civil penalties, criminal penalties or other disciplinary action. to the extent bis or another blackstone business that offers products or services to insurance companies is directly or indirectly involved in such regulatory actions, our reputation could be harmed, we may become liable for indemnification obligations and we could potentially be subject to enforcement actions, fines and penalties.
some of the arrangements we have or will develop with insurance companies involve complex u.s. and non-u.s. tax structures for which no clear precedent or authority may be available. such structures may be subject to potential regulatory, legislative, judicial or administrative change or scrutiny and differing interpretations and any adverse regulatory, legislative, judicial or administrative changes, scrutiny or interpretations may result in substantial costs to insurance companies or bis. in some cases we may agree to indemnify insurance companies for their losses resulting from any such adverse changes or interpretations.
63
insurance company investment portfolios are often subject to internal and regulatory requirements governing the categories and ratings of investment products and assets they may acquire and hold. many of the investment products we develop for, or other assets or investments we include in, insurance company portfolios will be rated and a ratings downgrade or any other negative action by a rating agency with respect to such products, assets or investments could make them less attractive and limit our ability to offer such products to, or invest or deploy capital on behalf of, insurers.
any failure to properly manage or address the foregoing risks may have a material adverse effect on our business, results and financial condition.
the financial projections of our funds' portfolio companies could prove inaccurate.
the capital structure of a fund's portfolio company is generally set up at the time of the fund's investment in the portfolio company based on, among other factors, financial projects prepared by the portfolio company's management. these projected operating results will normally be based primarily on judgments of the management of the portfolio companies. in all cases, projections are only estimates of future results that are based upon assumptions made at the time that the projections are developed. general economic conditions, which are not predictable, along with other factors may cause actual performance to fall short of such the financial projections. because of the leverage we typically employ in our investments, this could cause a substantial decrease in the value of our equity holdings in the portfolio company. the inaccuracy of financial projections could thus cause our funds' performance to fall short of our expectations.
contingent liabilities could harm fund performance.
we may cause our funds to acquire an investment that is subject to contingent liabilities. such contingent liabilities could be unknown to us at the time of acquisition or, if they are known to us, we may not accurately assess or protect against the risks that they present. acquired contingent liabilities could thus result in unforeseen losses for our funds. in addition, in connection with the disposition of an investment in a portfolio company, a fund may be required to make representations about the business and financial affairs of such portfolio company typical of those made in connection with the sale of a business. a fund may also be required to indemnify the purchasers of such investment to the extent that any such representations are inaccurate. these arrangements may result in the incurrence of contingent liabilities by a fund, even after the disposition of an investment. accordingly, the inaccuracy of representations and warranties made by a fund could harm such fund's performance.
our funds may be forced to dispose of investments at a disadvantageous time.
our funds may make investments of which they do not advantageously dispose of prior to the date the applicable fund is dissolved, either by expiration of such fund's term or otherwise. although we generally expect that our funds will dispose of investments prior to dissolution or that investments will be suitable for in-kind distribution at dissolution, we may not be able to do so. the general partners of our funds have only a limited ability to extend the term of the fund with the consent of fund investors or the advisory board of the fund, as applicable, and therefore, we may be required to sell, distribute or otherwise dispose of investments at a disadvantageous time prior to dissolution. this would result in a lower than expected return on the investments and, perhaps, on the fund itself.
hedge fund investments are subject to numerous additional risks.
investments by our funds of hedge funds in other hedge funds, as well as investments by our credit-focused, real estate debt and other hedge funds and similar products, are subject to numerous additional risks, including the following:
•   certain of the funds in which we invest are newly established funds without any operating history or are managed by management companies or general partners who may not have as significant track records as an independent manager.

64
•   generally, the execution of these hedge funds' investment strategies is subject to the sole discretion of the management company or the general partner of such funds.

•   hedge funds may engage in speculative trading strategies, including short selling, which is subject to the theoretically unlimited risk of loss because there is no limit on how much the price of a security may appreciate before the short position is closed out. a fund may be subject to losses if a security lender demands return of the lent securities and an alternative lending source cannot be found or if the fund is otherwise unable to borrow securities that are necessary to hedge or cover its positions.

•   hedge funds are exposed to the risk that a counterparty will not settle a transaction in accordance with its terms and conditions because of a dispute over the terms of the contract (whether or not bona fide) or because of a credit or liquidity problem or otherwise, thus causing the fund to suffer a loss. counterparty risk is accentuated for contracts with longer maturities where events may intervene to prevent settlement, or where the fund has concentrated its transactions with a single or small group of counterparties. generally, hedge funds are not restricted from dealing with any particular counterparty or from concentrating any or all of their transactions with one counterparty. moreover, the funds' internal consideration of the creditworthiness of their counterparties may prove insufficient. the absence of a regulated market to facilitate settlement may increase the potential for losses.

•   credit risk may arise through a default by one of several large institutions that are dependent on one another to meet their liquidity or operational needs, so that a default by one institution causes a series of defaults by the other institutions. this "systemic risk" may adversely affect the financial intermediaries (such as clearing agencies, clearing houses, banks, securities firms and exchanges) with which the hedge funds interact on a daily basis.

•   the efficacy of investment and trading strategies depend largely on the ability to establish and maintain an overall market position in a combination of financial instruments. a hedge fund's trading orders may not be executed in a timely and efficient manner due to various circumstances, including systems failures or human error. in such event, the funds might only be able to acquire some but not all of the components of the position, or if the overall position were to need adjustment, the funds might not be able to make such adjustment. as a result, the funds would not be able to achieve the market position selected by the management company or general partner of such funds, and might incur a loss in liquidating their position.

•   hedge funds are subject to risks due to potential illiquidity of assets. hedge funds may make investments or hold trading positions in markets that are volatile and which may become illiquid. timely divestiture or sale of trading positions can be impaired by decreased trading volume, increased price volatility, concentrated trading positions, limitations on the ability to transfer positions in highly specialized or structured transactions to which they may be a party, and changes in industry and government regulations. it may be impossible or costly for hedge funds to liquidate positions rapidly in order to meet margin calls, withdrawal requests or otherwise, particularly if there are other market participants seeking to dispose of similar assets at the same time or the relevant market is otherwise moving against a position or in the event of trading halts or daily price movement limits on the market or otherwise. any "gate" or similar limitation on withdrawals with respect to hedge funds may not be effective in mitigating such risk. moreover, these risks may be exacerbated for our funds of hedge funds. for example, if one of our funds of hedge funds were to invest a significant portion of its assets in two or more hedge funds that each had illiquid positions in the same issuer, the illiquidity risk for our funds of hedge funds would be compounded. for example, in 2008 many hedge funds, including some of our hedge funds, experienced significant declines in value. in many cases, these declines in value were both provoked and exacerbated by margin calls and forced selling of assets. moreover, certain of our funds of hedge funds were invested in third party hedge funds that halted redemptions in the face of illiquidity and other issues, which precluded those funds of hedge funds from receiving their capital back on request.

65
•   hedge fund investments are subject to risks relating to investments in commodities, futures, options and other derivatives, the prices of which are highly volatile and may be subject to the theoretically unlimited risk of loss in certain circumstances, including if the fund writes a call option. price movements of commodities, futures and options contracts and payments pursuant to swap agreements are influenced by, among other things, interest rates, changing supply and demand relationships, trade, fiscal, monetary and exchange control programs and policies of governments and national and international political and economic events and policies. the value of futures, options and swap agreements also depends upon the price of the commodities underlying them and prevailing exchange rates. in addition, hedge funds' assets are subject to the risk of the failure of any of the exchanges on which their positions trade or of their clearinghouses or counterparties. most u.s. commodities exchanges limit fluctuations in certain commodity interest prices during a single day by imposing "daily price fluctuation limits" or "daily limits," the existence of which may reduce liquidity or effectively curtail trading in particular markets.

as a result of their affiliation with us, our hedge funds may from time to time be restricted from trading in certain securities (e.g., publicly traded securities issued by our current or potential portfolio companies). this may limit their ability to acquire and/or subsequently dispose of investments in connection with transactions that would otherwise generally be permitted in the absence of such affiliation.
we are subject to risks in using prime brokers, custodians, counterparties, administrators and other agents.
many of our funds depend on the services of prime brokers, custodians, counterparties, administrators and other agents to carry out certain securities and derivatives transactions. the terms of these contracts are often customized and complex, and many of these arrangements occur in markets or relate to products that are not subject to regulatory oversight, although the dodd-frank act provides for regulation of the derivatives market. in particular, some of our funds utilize prime brokerage arrangements with a relatively limited number of counterparties, which has the effect of concentrating the transaction volume (and related counterparty default risk) of these funds with these counterparties.
our funds are subject to the risk that the counterparty to one or more of these contracts defaults, either voluntarily or involuntarily, on its performance under the contract. any such default may occur suddenly and without notice to us. moreover, if a counterparty defaults, we may be unable to take action to cover our exposure, either because we lack contractual recourse or because market conditions make it difficult to take effective action. this inability could occur in times of market stress, which is when defaults are most likely to occur.
in addition, our risk management process may not accurately anticipate the impact of market stress or counterparty financial condition, and as a result, we may not have taken sufficient action to reduce our risks effectively. default risk may arise from events or circumstances that are difficult to detect, foresee or evaluate. in addition, concerns about, or a default by, one large participant could lead to significant liquidity problems for other participants, which may in turn expose us to significant losses.
although we have risk management processes to ensure that we are not exposed to a single counterparty for significant periods of time, given the large number and size of our funds, we often have large positions with a single counterparty. for example, most of our funds have credit lines. if the lender under one or more of those credit lines were to become insolvent, we may have difficulty replacing the credit line and one or more of our funds may face liquidity problems.
in the event of a counterparty default, particularly a default by a major investment bank or a default by a counterparty to a significant number of our contracts, one or more of our funds may have outstanding trades that they cannot settle or are delayed in settling. as a result, these funds could incur material losses and the resulting market impact of a major counterparty default could harm our businesses, results of operation and financial condition.
66
in the event of the insolvency of a prime broker, custodian, counterparty or any other party that is holding assets of our funds as collateral, our funds might not be able to recover equivalent assets in full as they will rank among the prime broker's, custodian's or counterparty's unsecured creditors in relation to the assets held as collateral. in addition, our funds' cash held with a prime broker, custodian or counterparty generally will not be segregated from the prime broker's, custodian's or counterparty's own cash, and our funds may therefore rank as unsecured creditors in relation thereto. if our derivatives transactions are cleared through a derivatives clearing organization, the cftc has issued final rules regulating the segregation and protection of collateral posted by customers of cleared and uncleared swaps. the cftc is also working to provide new guidance regarding prime broker arrangements and intermediation generally with regard to trading on swap execution facilities.
the counterparty risks that we face have increased in complexity and magnitude as a result of disruption in the financial markets in recent years. for example, in certain areas the number of counterparties we face has increased and may continue to increase, which may result in increased complexity and monitoring costs. conversely, in certain other areas, the consolidation and elimination of counterparties has increased our concentration of counterparty risk and decreased the universe of potential counterparties, and our funds are generally not restricted from dealing with any particular counterparty or from concentrating any or all of their transactions with one counterparty. in addition, counterparties have in the past and may in the future react to market volatility by tightening underwriting standards and increasing margin requirements for all categories of financing, which may decrease the overall amount of leverage available and increase the costs of borrowing.
underwriting activities by our capital markets services business expose us to risks.
blackstone securities partners l.p. may act as an underwriter, syndicator or placement agent in securities offerings and, through affiliated entities, loan syndications. we may incur losses and be subject to reputational harm to the extent that, for any reason, we are unable to sell securities or indebtedness we purchased or placed as an underwriter, syndicator or placement agent at the anticipated price levels or at all. as an underwriter, syndicator or placement agent, we also may be subject to liability for material misstatements or omissions in prospectuses and other offering documents relating to offerings we underwrite, syndicate or place.
risks related to our organizational structure the significant voting power of holders of our series i preferred stock and series ii preferred stock may limit the ability of holders of our common stock to influence our business.
holders of our common stock are entitled to vote pursuant to delaware law with respect to:
•   a conversion of the legal entity form of blackstone,

•   a transfer, domestication or continuance of blackstone to a foreign jurisdiction,

•   any amendment of our certificate of incorporation to change the par value of our common stock or the powers, preferences or special rights of our common stock in a way that would affect our common stock adversely,

•   any amendment of our certificate of incorporation that requires for action the vote of a greater number or portion of the holders of common stock than is required by any section of delaware law, and

•   any amendment of our certificate of incorporation to elect to become a close corporation under delaware law.

in addition, our certificate of incorporation provides voting rights to holders of our common stock on the following additional matters:
•   a sale, exchange or disposition of all or substantially all of our assets,

•   a merger, consolidation or other business combination,

•   any amendment of our certificate of incorporation or bylaws enlarging the obligations of the common stockholders,

67
•   any amendment of our certificate of incorporation requiring the vote of the holders of a percentage of the voting power of the outstanding common stock and series i preferred stock, voting together as a single class, to take any action in a manner that would have the effect of reducing such voting percentage, and

•   any amendments of our certificate of incorporation that are not included in the specified set of amendments that the series ii preferred stockholder has the sole right to vote on.

furthermore, our certificate of incorporation provides that the holders of at least 66 2/3% of the voting power of the outstanding shares of common stock and series i preferred stock may vote to require the series ii preferred stockholder to transfer its shares of series ii preferred stock to a successor series ii preferred stockholder designated by the holders of at least a majority of the voting power of the outstanding shares of common stock and series i preferred stock.
other matters that are required to be submitted to a vote of the holders of our common stock generally require the approval of a majority the voting power of our outstanding shares of common stock and series i preferred stock, voting together as a single class, including certain sales, exchanges or other dispositions of all or substantially all of our assets, a merger, consolidation or other business combination, certain amendments to our certificate of incorporation and the designation of a successor series ii preferred stockholder. holders of our series i preferred stock, as such, will collectively be entitled to a number of votes equal to the aggregate number of blackstone holdings partnership units held by the limited partners of the blackstone holdings partnerships on the relevant record date and will vote together with holders of our common stock as a single class. as of february 19, 2021, blackstone partners l.l.c., an entity owned by the senior managing directors of blackstone and controlled by mr. schwarzman, owned the only share of series i preferred stock outstanding, representing approximately 41.7% of the total combined voting power of the common stock and series i preferred stock, taken together.
our certificate of incorporation and bylaws contain additional provisions affecting the holders of our common stock, including certain limits on the ability of the holders of our common stock to call meetings, to acquire information about our operations and to influence the manner or direction of our management. in addition, any person that beneficially owns 20% or more of the common stock then outstanding (other than the series ii preferred stockholder or its affiliates, a direct or subsequently approved transferee of the series ii preferred stockholder or its affiliates or a person or group that has acquired such stock with the prior approval of our board of directors) is unable to vote such stock on any matter submitted to such stockholders.
we are not required to comply with certain provisions of u.s. securities laws relating to proxy statements and certain related matters.
we are not required to file proxy statements or information statements under section 14 of the exchange act except in circumstances where a vote of holders of our common stock is required under our certificate of incorporation or delaware law, such as a merger, business combination or sale of all or substantially all of our assets. in addition, we will generally not be subject to the "say-on-pay" and "say-on-frequency" provisions of the dodd-frank act. as a result, our common shareholders do not have an opportunity to provide a non-binding vote on the compensation of our named executive officers. moreover, holders of our common stock are not able to bring matters before our annual meeting of shareholders or nominate directors at such meeting, nor are they generally able to submit shareholder proposals under rule 14a-8 of the exchange act.
we are a controlled company and as a result qualify for some exceptions from certain corporate governance and other requirements of the new york stock exchange.
because the series ii preferred stockholder holds more than 50% of the voting power for the election of directors, we are a "controlled company" and fall within exceptions from certain corporate governance and other requirements of the rules of the new york stock exchange. pursuant to these exceptions, controlled companies may elect not to comply with certain corporate governance requirements of the new york stock exchange,
68
including the requirements (a) that a majority of our board of directors consist of independent directors, (b) that we have a nominating and corporate governance committee that is composed entirely of independent directors (c) that we have a compensation committee that is composed entirely of independent directors, and (d) that the compensation committee be required to consider certain independence factors when engaging compensation consultants, legal counsel and other committee advisers. while we currently have a majority independent board of directors, we have elected to avail ourselves of the other exceptions. accordingly, our common stockholders generally do not have the same protections afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject to all of the corporate governance requirements of the nyse.
potential conflicts of interest may arise among the series ii preferred stockholder and the holders of our common stock.
blackstone group management l.l.c., an entity owned by senior managing directors of blackstone and controlled by mr. schwarzman, is the sole holder of the series ii preferred stock. as a result, conflicts of interest may arise among the series ii preferred stockholder, on the one hand, and us and our holders of our common stock, on the other hand.
the series ii preferred stockholder has the ability to influence our business and affairs through its ownership of series ii preferred stock, the series ii preferred stockholder's general ability to appoint our board of directors, and provisions under our certificate of incorporation requiring series ii preferred stockholder approval for certain corporate actions (in addition to approval by our board of directors). if the holders of our common stock are dissatisfied with the performance of our board of directors, they have no ability to remove any of our directors, with or without cause.
further, through its ability to elect our board of directors, the series ii preferred stockholder has the ability to indirectly influence the determination of the amount and timing of our investments and dispositions, cash expenditures, indebtedness, issuances of additional partnership interests, tax liabilities and amounts of reserves, each of which can affect the amount of cash that is available for distribution to holders of blackstone holdings partnership units.
in addition, conflicts may arise relating to the selection, structuring and disposition of investments and other transactions, declaring dividends and other distributions and other matters due to the fact that our senior managing directors hold their blackstone holdings partnership units directly or through pass-through entities that are not subject to corporate income taxation. see "part iii. item 13. certain relationships and related transactions, and director independence" and "part iii. item 10. directors, executive officers and corporate governance."
our certificate of incorporation states that the series ii preferred stockholder is under no obligation to consider the separate interests of the other stockholders and contains provisions limiting the liability of the series ii preferred stockholder.
subject to applicable law, our certificate of incorporation contains provisions limiting the duties owed by the holder of our series ii preferred stock and contains provisions allowing the series ii preferred stockholder to favor its own interests and the interests of its controlling persons over us and the holders of our common stock. our certificate of incorporation contains provisions stating that the series ii preferred stockholder is under no obligation to consider the separate interests of the other stockholders (including, without limitation, the tax consequences to such stockholders) in deciding whether or not to authorize us to take (or decline to authorize us to take) any action as well as provisions stating that the series ii preferred stockholder shall not be liable to the other stockholders for damages for any losses, liabilities or benefits not derived by such stockholders in connection with such decisions. see "- potential conflicts of interest may arise among the series ii preferred stockholder and the holders of our common stock."
69
the series ii preferred stockholder will not be liable to blackstone or holders of our common stock for any acts or omissions unless there has been a final and non-appealable judgment determining that the series ii preferred stockholder acted in bad faith or engaged in fraud or willful misconduct and we have also agreed to indemnify the series ii preferred stockholder to a similar extent.
even if there is deemed to be a breach of the obligations set forth in our certificate of incorporation, our certificate of incorporation provides that the series ii preferred stockholder will not be liable to us or the holders of our common stock for any acts or omissions unless there has been a final and non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction determining that the series ii preferred stockholder or its officers and directors acted in bad faith or engaged in fraud or willful misconduct. these provisions are detrimental to the holders of our common stock because they restrict the remedies available to stockholders for actions of the series ii preferred stockholder.
in addition, we have agreed to indemnify the series ii preferred stockholder and our former general partner and its controlling affiliates and any current or former officer or director of any of blackstone or its subsidiaries, the series ii preferred stockholder or former general partner and certain other specified persons (collectively, the "indemnitees"), to the fullest extent permitted by law, against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, joint or several, expenses (including legal fees and expenses), judgments, fines, penalties, interest, settlements or other amounts incurred by any indemnitee. we have agreed to provide this indemnification if the indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner the indemnitee reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and with respect to any alleged conduct resulting in a criminal proceeding against the indemnitee, such person had no reasonable cause to believe that such person's conduct was unlawful. we have also agreed to provide this indemnification for criminal proceedings.
the series ii preferred stockholder may transfer its interest in the sole share of series ii preferred stock which could materially alter our operations.
without the approval of any other stockholder, the series ii preferred stockholder may transfer the sole outstanding share of our series ii preferred stock held by it to a third party upon receipt of approval to do so by our board of directors and satisfaction of certain other requirements. further, the members or other interest holders of the series ii preferred stockholder may sell or transfer all or part of their outstanding equity or other interests in the series ii preferred stockholder at any time without our approval. a new holder of our series ii preferred stock or new controlling members of the series ii preferred stockholder may appoint directors to our board of directors who have a different philosophy and/or investment objectives from those of our current directors. a new holder of our series ii preferred stock, new controlling members of the series ii preferred stockholder and/or the directors they appoint to our board of directors could also have a different philosophy for the management of our business, including the hiring and compensation of our investment professionals. if any of the foregoing were to occur, we could experience difficulty in forming new funds and other investment vehicles and in making new investments, and the value of our existing investments, our business, our results of operations and our financial condition could materially suffer.
we intend to pay regular dividends to holders of our common stock, but our ability to do so may be limited by cash flow from operations and available liquidity, our holding company structure, applicable provisions of delaware law and contractual restrictions.
our intention to pay to holders of common stock a quarterly dividend representing approximately 85% of the blackstone group inc.'s share of distributable earnings, subject to adjustment by amounts determined by blackstone's board of directors to be necessary or appropriate to provide for the conduct of its business, to make appropriate investments in its business and our funds, to comply with applicable law, any of its debt instruments or other agreements, or to provide for future cash requirements such as tax-related payments, clawback obligations and dividends to stockholders for any ensuing quarter. all of the foregoing is subject to the qualification that the declaration and payment of any dividends are at the sole discretion of our board of directors, and may change at any time, including, without limitation, to reduce such quarterly dividends or to eliminate such dividends entirely.
70
the blackstone group inc. is a holding company and has no material assets other than the ownership of the partnership units in blackstone holdings held through wholly owned subsidiaries. the blackstone group inc. has no independent means of generating revenue. accordingly, we intend to cause blackstone holdings to make distributions to its partners, including the blackstone group inc.'s wholly owned subsidiaries, to fund any dividends the blackstone group inc. may declare on our common stock.
our ability to make dividends to our stockholders will depend on a number of factors, including among others general economic and business conditions, our strategic plans and prospects, our business and investment opportunities, our financial condition and operating results, including the timing and extent of our realizations, working capital requirements and anticipated cash needs, contractual restrictions and obligations including fulfilling our current and future capital commitments, legal, tax and regulatory restrictions, restrictions and other implications on the payment of dividends by us to holders of our common stock or payment of distributions by our subsidiaries to us and such other factors as our board of directors may deem relevant. our ability to pay dividends is also subject to the availability of lawful funds therefor as determined in accordance with the delaware general corporation law.
the amortization of finite-lived intangible assets and non-cash equity-based compensation results in expenses that may increase the net loss we record in certain periods or cause us to record a net loss in periods during which we would otherwise have recorded net income.
as of december 31, 2020, we have $348.0 million of finite-lived intangible assets (in addition to $1.9 billion of goodwill), net of accumulated amortization. these finite-lived intangible assets are from the initial public offering ("ipo") and subsequent business acquisitions. we are amortizing these finite-lived intangibles over their estimated useful lives, which range from three to twenty years, using the straight-line method, with a weighted-average remaining amortization period of 7.9 years as of december 31, 2020. we also record non-cash equity-based compensation from grants made in the ordinary course of business and in connection with other business acquisitions. the amortization of these finite-lived intangible assets and of this non-cash equity-based compensation will increase our expenses during the relevant periods. these expenses may increase the net loss we record in certain periods or cause us to record a net loss in periods during which we would otherwise have recorded net income. a substantial and sustained decline in our share price could result in an impairment of intangible assets or goodwill leading to a further reduction in net income or increase to net loss in the relevant period.
we are required to pay our senior managing directors for most of the benefits relating to any additional tax depreciation or amortization deductions we may claim as a result of the tax basis step-up we received as part of the reorganization we implemented in connection with our ipo or receive in connection with future exchanges of our common stock and related transactions.
as part of the reorganization we implemented in connection with our ipo, we purchased interests in our business from our pre-ipo owners. in addition, holders of partnership units in blackstone holdings (other than the blackstone group inc.'s wholly owned subsidiaries), subject to the vesting and minimum retained ownership requirements and transfer restrictions set forth in the partnership agreements of the blackstone holdings partnerships, may up to four times each year (subject to the terms of the exchange agreement) exchange their blackstone holdings partnership units for shares of the blackstone group inc.'s common stock on a one-for-one basis. a blackstone holdings limited partner must exchange one partnership unit in each of the blackstone holdings partnerships to effect an exchange for a share of common stock. the purchase and subsequent exchanges are expected to result in increases in the tax basis of the tangible and intangible assets of blackstone holdings that otherwise would not have been available. these increases in tax basis may increase (for tax purposes) depreciation and amortization and therefore reduce the amount of tax that we would otherwise be required to pay in the future, although the irs may challenge all or part of that tax basis increase, and a court could sustain such a challenge.
71
we have entered into a tax receivable agreement with our senior managing directors and other pre-ipo owners that provides for the payment by us to the counterparties of 85% of the amount of cash savings, if any, in u.s. federal, state and local income tax or franchise tax that we actually realize as a result of these increases in tax basis and of certain other tax benefits related to entering into the tax receivable agreement, including tax benefits attributable to payments under the tax receivable agreement. in addition, additional tax receivable agreements have been executed, and others may continue to be executed, with newly-admitted blackstone senior managing directors and certain others who receive blackstone holdings partnership units. this payment obligation is an obligation of the blackstone group inc. and/or its wholly owned subsidiaries and not of blackstone holdings. as such, the cash distributions to public stockholders may vary from holders of blackstone holdings partnership units (held by blackstone personnel and others) to the extent payments are made under the tax receivable agreements to selling holders of blackstone holdings partnership units. as the payments reflect actual tax savings received by blackstone entities, there may be a timing difference between the tax savings received by blackstone entities and the cash payments to selling holders of blackstone holdings partnership units. while the actual increase in tax basis, as well as the amount and timing of any payments under this agreement, will vary depending upon a number of factors, including the timing of exchanges, the price of our common stock at the time of the exchange, the extent to which such exchanges are taxable and the amount and timing of our income, we expect that as a result of the size of the increases in the tax basis of the tangible and intangible assets of blackstone holdings, the payments that we may make under the tax receivable agreements will be substantial. the payments under a tax receivable agreement are not conditioned upon a tax receivable agreement counterparty's continued ownership of us. we may need to incur debt to finance payments under the tax receivable agreement to the extent our cash resources are insufficient to meet our obligations under the tax receivable agreements as a result of timing discrepancies or otherwise.
although we are not aware of any issue that would cause the irs to challenge a tax basis increase, the tax receivable agreement counterparties will not reimburse us for any payments previously made under the tax receivable agreement. as a result, in certain circumstances payments to the counterparties under the tax receivable agreement could be in excess of our actual cash tax savings. our ability to achieve benefits from any tax basis increase, and the payments to be made under the tax receivable agreements, will depend upon a number of factors, as discussed above, including the timing and amount of our future income.
if the blackstone group inc. were deemed an "investment company" under the 1940 act, applicable restrictions could make it impractical for us to continue our business as contemplated and could have a material adverse effect on our business.
an entity will generally be deemed to be an "investment company" for purposes of the 1940 act if: (a) it is or holds itself out as being engaged primarily, or proposes to engage primarily, in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities, or (b) absent an applicable exemption, it owns or proposes to acquire investment securities having a value exceeding 40% of the value of its total assets (exclusive of u.s. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. we believe that we are engaged primarily in the business of providing asset management and capital markets services and not in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities. we also believe that the primary source of income from each of our businesses is properly characterized as income earned in exchange for the provision of services. we hold ourselves out as an asset management and capital markets firm and do not propose to engage primarily in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities. accordingly, we do not believe that the blackstone group inc. is an "orthodox" investment company as defined in section 3(a)(1)(a) of the 1940 act and described in clause (a) in the first sentence of this paragraph. furthermore, the blackstone group inc. does not have any material assets other than its equity interests in certain wholly owned subsidiaries, which in turn will have no material assets (other than intercompany debt) other than general partner interests in the blackstone holdings partnerships. these wholly owned subsidiaries are the sole general partners of the blackstone holdings partnerships and are vested with all management and control over the blackstone holdings partnerships. we do not believe the equity interests of the blackstone group inc. in its wholly owned subsidiaries or the general partner interests of these wholly owned subsidiaries in the blackstone holdings partnerships are investment securities. moreover, because we believe that the capital interests of the general partners of our funds in their respective funds are neither securities nor investment securities, we believe that less than 40% of the blackstone group inc.'s total assets (exclusive of u.s. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis are comprised of assets that could be considered investment securities. accordingly, we do not believe the blackstone group inc. is an inadvertent investment company by virtue of the 40% test in section 3(a)(1)(c) of the 1940 act as described in clause (b) in the first sentence of this paragraph. in addition, we believe the blackstone group inc. is not an investment company under section 3(b)(1) of the 1940 act because it is primarily engaged in a non-investment company business.
72
the 1940 act and the rules thereunder contain detailed parameters for the organization and operation of investment companies. among other things, the 1940 act and the rules thereunder limit or prohibit transactions with affiliates, impose limitations on the issuance of debt and equity securities, generally prohibit the issuance of options and impose certain governance requirements. we intend to conduct our operations so that the blackstone group inc. will not be deemed to be an investment company under the 1940 act. if anything were to happen which would cause the blackstone group inc. to be deemed to be an investment company under the 1940 act, requirements imposed by the 1940 act, including limitations on our capital structure, ability to transact business with affiliates (including us) and ability to compensate key employees, could make it impractical for us to continue our business as currently conducted, impair the agreements and arrangements between and among the blackstone group inc., blackstone holdings and our senior managing directors, or any combination thereof, and materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. in addition, we may be required to limit the amount of investments that we make as a principal or otherwise conduct our business in a manner that does not subject us to the registration and other requirements of the 1940 act.
we may fail to realize the anticipated benefits of the conversion or those benefits may take longer to realize than expected or not offset the costs of the conversion, which could have a material and adverse impact on the trading price of our securities.
we believe that the conversion has, among other things, made it significantly easier for both domestic and international investors to own our stock, expand our global investor base and drive greater value for all of our stockholders over time. however, over time, the level of investor interest in our common stock may not meet our expectations. for example, benchmark stock indices may change their eligibility requirements in a manner that is adverse to us or otherwise determine not to include our common stock. moreover, even though we have simplified our tax structure and reporting as a result of the conversion, and even if we succeed in having our shares included in additional key stock indices, this may not result in the sustained increased demand for our common stock that we initially anticipated. consequently, we may fail to realize the anticipated benefits of the conversion or those benefits may take longer to realize than we expect. moreover, there can be no assurance that the anticipated benefits of the conversion will offset its costs, which could be greater than we expect, particularly if there were to be an increase in the u.s. federal corporate income tax rate. our failure to achieve the anticipated benefits of the conversion at all or in a timely manner, or a failure of any benefits realized to offset its costs, could have a material and adverse impact on the trading price of our securities.
we may from time to time undertake internal reorganizations that may adversely impact our business and results of operations.
on july 1, 2019, we completed the conversion. from time to time, we may undertake other internal reorganizations in an effort to simplify our organizational structure, streamline our operations or for other operational reasons. such internal reorganization may involve, among other things, the combination or dissolution of certain of our existing subsidiaries and the creation of new subsidiaries. these transactions could be disruptive to our business, result in significant expense, require regulatory approvals, and fail to result in the intended or expected benefits, any of which could adversely impact our business and results of operations.
other anti-takeover provisions in our charter documents could delay or prevent a change in control.
in addition to the provisions described elsewhere relating to the series ii preferred stockholder's control, other provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws may discourage, delay or prevent a merger or acquisition that a stockholder may consider favorable by, for example:
•   permitting our board of directors to issue one or more series of preferred stock,

73
•   providing for the loss of voting rights for the common stock,

•   requiring advance notice for stockholder proposals and nominations if they are ever permitted by applicable law,

•   placing limitations on convening stockholder meetings,

•   prohibiting stockholder action by written consent unless such action is consent to by the series ii preferred stockholder, and

•   imposing super-majority voting requirements for certain amendments to our certificate of incorporation.

these provisions may also discourage acquisition proposals or delay or prevent a change in control.
we expect to pay more corporate income taxes than we paid historically prior to the conversion.
since our conversion, all of the net income attributable to us is subject to u.s. federal (and state and local) corporate income taxes, which we anticipate will have a dilutive impact to distributable earnings per share of common stock and net income attributable to us and reduce the amount of cash available for dividends to our common stockholders, although this dilution should initially be mitigated by a tax basis step-up related to the conversion. the currently enacted maximum u.s. federal corporate income tax rate is 21%. this rate may increase in the future, which would cause us to pay more corporate income taxes than currently anticipated.
because all of the blackstone group inc.'s net income is subject to corporate income taxes, we expect the amount of our cash tax savings from future exchanges of blackstone holdings partnership units for shares of common stock to increase as compared to the cash tax savings historically realized by the partnership from such exchanges for common units. as a result, we expect the amount the corporation will be required to pay under the tax receivable agreement (i.e., 85% of cash tax savings it realizes) will in the aggregate over time be higher for exchanges following the conversion. this would similarly have the effect of increasing the amount of any early termination payment or the amounts due upon the occurrence of an acceleration event, which are determined in part by reference to amounts payable in respect of future exchanges.
risks related to our common stock our common stock price may decline due to the large number of shares of common stock eligible for future sale and for exchange.
the market price of our common stock could decline as a result of sales of a large number of shares of common stock in the market in the future or the perception that such sales could occur. these sales, or the possibility that these sales may occur, also might make it more difficult for us to sell shares of common stock in the future at a time and at a price that we deem appropriate. we had a total of 683,838,948 shares of common stock outstanding as of february 19, 2021. subject to the lock-up restrictions described below, we may issue and sell in the future additional shares of common stock. limited partners of blackstone holdings owned an aggregate of 460,654,705 blackstone holdings partnership units outstanding as of february 19, 2021. in connection with our initial public offering, we entered into an exchange agreement with holders of blackstone holdings partnership units (other than the blackstone group inc.'s wholly owned subsidiaries) so that these holders, subject to the vesting and minimum retained ownership requirements and transfer restrictions set forth in the partnership agreements of the blackstone holdings partnerships, may up to four times each year (subject to the terms of the exchange agreement) exchange their blackstone holdings partnership units for shares of the blackstone group inc. common stock on a one-for-one basis, subject to customary conversion rate adjustments for splits, unit distributions and reclassifications. a blackstone holdings limited partner must exchange one partnership unit in each of the blackstone holdings partnerships to effect an exchange for a share of common stock. the common stock we issue upon such exchanges would be "restricted securities," as defined in rule 144 under the securities act, unless we register such issuances. however, we have entered into a registration rights agreement with the limited partners of blackstone holdings that requires us to register these shares of common stock under the securities act and we have filed registration statements that cover the delivery of common stock issued upon exchange of blackstone
74
holdings partnership units. see "part iii. item 13. certain relationships and related transactions, and director independence - transactions with related persons - registration rights agreement." while the partnership agreements of the blackstone holdings partnerships and related agreements contractually restrict the ability of blackstone personnel to transfer the blackstone holdings partnership units or the blackstone group inc. common stock they hold and require that they maintain a minimum amount of equity ownership during their employ by us, these contractual provisions may lapse over time or be waived, modified or amended at any time.
as of february 19, 2021, we had granted 27,360,917 outstanding deferred restricted shares of common stock and 27,854,499 outstanding deferred restricted blackstone holdings partnership units to our non-senior managing director professionals and senior managing directors under the blackstone group inc. amended and restated 2007 equity incentive plan ("2007 equity incentive plan"). the aggregate number of shares of common stock and blackstone holdings partnership units (together, "shares") covered by our 2007 equity incentive plan is increased on the first day of each fiscal year during its term by a number of shares equal to the positive difference, if any, of (a) 15% of the aggregate number of shares outstanding on the last day of the immediately preceding fiscal year (excluding blackstone holdings partnership units held by the blackstone group inc. or its wholly owned subsidiaries) minus (b) the aggregate number of shares covered by our 2007 equity incentive plan as of such date (unless the administrator of the 2007 equity incentive plan should decide to increase the number of shares covered by the plan by a lesser amount). an aggregate of 168,638,826 additional shares were available for grant under our 2007 equity incentive plan as of february 19, 2021. we have filed a registration statement and intend to file additional registration statements on form s-8 under the securities act to register common stock covered by the 2007 equity incentive plan (including pursuant to automatic annual increases). any such form s-8 registration statement will automatically become effective upon filing. accordingly, common stock registered under such registration statement will be available for sale in the open market.
in addition, the blackstone holdings partnership agreements authorize the wholly owned subsidiaries of the blackstone group inc. which are the general partners of those partnerships to issue an unlimited number of additional partnership securities of the blackstone holdings partnerships with such designations, preferences, rights, powers and duties that are different from, and may be senior to, those applicable to the blackstone holdings partnership units, and which may be exchangeable for our shares of common stock.
our certificate of incorporation also provides us with a right to acquire all of the then outstanding shares of common stock under specified circumstances, which may adversely affect the price of our shares of common stock and the ability of holders of shares of common stock to participate in further growth in our stock price.
our certificate of incorporation provides that, if at any time, less than 10% of the total shares of any class our stock then outstanding (other than series i preferred stock and series ii preferred stock) is held by persons other than the series ii preferred stockholder and its affiliates, we may exercise our right to call and purchase all of the then outstanding shares of common stock held by persons other than the series ii preferred stockholder or its affiliates or assign this right to the series ii preferred stockholder or any of its affiliates. as a result, a stockholder may have his or her shares of common stock purchased from him or her at an undesirable time or price and in a manner which adversely affects the ability of a stockholder to participate in further growth in our stock price.
our amended and restated bylaws designate the court of chancery of the state of delaware or the federal district courts of the united states of america, as applicable, as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders' ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with blackstone or our directors, officers or other employees.
our amended and restated bylaws provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the court of chancery of the state of delaware will, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for: (a) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (b) any action asserting a breach of fiduciary duty owed by any of our current or former directors, officers, stockholders or employees to us or our stockholders, (c) any action asserting a claim against us arising under the delaware general corporation law (the "dgcl"), our certificate of incorporation or our bylaws or as to which the dgcl confers jurisdiction on the court of chancery of the state of delaware, or (d) any action asserting a claim against us that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine.
75
our amended and restated bylaws further provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the federal district courts of the united states of america will be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the federal securities laws of the united states, including, in each case, the applicable rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.
any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any shares of our capital stock shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the forum provision in our amended and restated bylaws. this choice-of-forum provision may limit a stockholder's ability to bring a claim in a different judicial forum, including one that it may find favorable or convenient for a specified class of disputes with blackstone or our directors, officers, other stockholders or employees, which may discourage such lawsuits. alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our amended and restated bylaws inapplicable or unenforceable with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and board of directors.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations

the following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the blackstone group inc.'s consolidated financial statements and the related notes included within this annual report on form 10-k.
this section of this form 10-k generally discusses 2020 and 2019 items and year to year comparisons between 2020 and 2019. for the discussion of 2019 compared to 2018 see "part ii. item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" of blackstone's annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2019, which specific discussion is incorporated herein by reference.
effective july 1, 2019, the blackstone group l.p. (the "partnership") converted from a delaware limited partnership to a delaware corporation, the blackstone group inc. (the "conversion"). this report includes the results for the partnership prior to the conversion and the blackstone group inc. following the conversion. in this report, references to "blackstone," the "company," "we," "us" or "our" refer to (a) the blackstone group inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries following the conversion and (b) the partnership and its consolidated subsidiaries prior to the conversion. all references to shares or per share amounts prior to the conversion refer to units or per unit amounts. unless otherwise noted, all references to shares or per share amounts following the conversion refer to shares or per share amounts of common stock. all references to dividends prior to the conversion refer to distributions. see "- organizational structure."
78
effective january 1, 2020, the credit segment was renamed credit & insurance. there was no change to the composition of the segment or historical results.
effective february 26, 2021, blackstone effectuated changes to rename its class a common stock as "common stock," and to reclassify its class b and class c common stock into a new "series i preferred stock" and "series ii preferred stock," respectively. each new stock has the same rights and powers of its predecessor. see "part ii. item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - organizational structure" and "part ii. item 9b. other information."
our business blackstone is one of the world's leading investment firms. our business is organized into four segments:
•   real estate. our real estate business is a global leader in real estate investing. our real estate segment operates as one globally integrated business, with investments in the americas, europe and asia. our real estate investment teams seek to utilize our global expertise and presence to generate attractive risk-adjusted returns for our investors and to make a positive impact on the communities in which we invest.

our blackstone real estate partners ("brep") funds are geographically diversified and target a broad range of "opportunistic" real estate and real estate-related investments. the brep funds include global funds as well as funds focused specifically on europe or asia investments. brep seeks to invest thematically in high-quality assets, focusing where we see outsized growth potential driven by global economic and demographic trends. brep has made significant investments in logistics, office, rental housing, hospitality and retail properties around the world, as well as a variety of real estate operating companies.
our blackstone real estate debt strategies ("breds") vehicles primarily target real estate-related debt investment opportunities. breds' scale and investment mandates enable it to provide a variety of lending and investment options including commercial real estate and mezzanine loans, residential mortgage loan pools and liquid real estate-related debt securities. the breds platform includes a number of high-yield real estate debt funds, liquid real estate debt funds and bxmt, a nyse-listed real estate investment trust ("reit").
blackstone real estate began its core+ strategy in 2013. blackstone's core+ strategy invests in substantially stabilized real estate globally through regional open-ended funds focused on high-quality assets, the blackstone property partners funds ("bpp"), and blackstone real estate income trust, inc. ("breit"), a non-listed reit which was launched in 2017 and invests in u.s. income-generating assets. in november 2020, we launched blackstone biomed life science real estate l.p. ("bpp life sciences"), a long-term, perpetual capital, core+ return fund that owns biomed realty and is focused on life science office investments primarily across the u.s.
•   private equity. our private equity segment includes our corporate private equity business, which consists of (a) our flagship private equity funds (blackstone capital partners ("bcp") funds), (b) our sector-focused private equity funds, including our energy-focused funds (blackstone energy partners ("bep") funds), (c) our asia-focused fund (blackstone capital partners asia ("bcp asia") fund) and (d) our core private equity funds, blackstone core equity partners ("bcep"). in addition, our private equity segment includes (a) our opportunistic investment platform that invests globally across asset classes, industries and geographies, blackstone tactical opportunities ("tactical opportunities"), (b) our secondary fund of funds business, strategic partners fund solutions ("strategic partners"), (c) our infrastructure-focused funds, blackstone infrastructure partners ("bip"), (d) our life sciences private investment platform, blackstone life sciences ("bxls"), (e) our growth equity investment platform, blackstone growth ("bxg"), (f) our multi-asset investment program for eligible high net worth investors offering exposure to certain of blackstone's key illiquid investment strategies through a single commitment, blackstone total alternatives solution ("btas") and (g) our capital markets services business, blackstone capital markets ("bxcm").

79
we are a global leader in private equity investing. our corporate private equity business, established in 1987, pursues transactions across industries in both established and growth-oriented businesses across the globe. it strives to create value by investing in great businesses where our capital, strategic insight, global relationships and operational support can drive transformation. our core private equity funds target control-oriented investments in high-quality companies with durable businesses and seeks to offer a lower level of risk and a longer hold period than traditional private equity.
tactical opportunities invests globally across asset classes, industries and geographies, seeking to identify and execute on attractive, differentiated investment opportunities, leveraging the intellectual capital across our various businesses while continuously optimizing its approach in the face of ever-changing market conditions. strategic partners is a total fund solutions provider that acquires interests in high-quality private funds from original holders seeking liquidity, makes primary investments and co-investments with financial sponsors and provides investment advisory services to clients investing in primary and secondary investments in private funds and co-investments. bip focuses on investments across all infrastructure sectors, including energy infrastructure, transportation, digital infrastructure, and water and waste with a primary focus in the u.s. bxls is our private investment platform with capabilities to invest across the life cycle of companies and products within the life sciences sector. bxg seeks to deliver attractive risk-adjusted returns by investing in dynamic, growth-stage businesses, with a focus on the consumer, enterprise solutions, financial services and healthcare sectors.
•   hedge fund solutions. the principal component of our hedge fund solutions segment is blackstone alternative asset management ("baam"). baam is the world's largest discretionary allocator to hedge funds, managing a broad range of commingled and customized fund solutions since its inception in 1990. the hedge fund solutions segment also includes investment platforms that seed new hedge fund businesses, purchase minority interests in more established general partners and management companies of funds, invest in special situation opportunities, create alternative solutions in the form of daily liquidity products and invest directly.

•   credit &amp; insurance. the principal component of our credit &amp; insurance segment is blackstone credit ("bxc"), formerly known as gso capital partners lp. bxc is one of the largest credit-oriented managers in the world and is the largest manager of collateralized loan obligations ("clos") globally. the investment portfolios of the funds bxc manages or sub-advises predominantly consist of loans and securities of non-investment grade companies spread across the capital structure including senior debt, subordinated debt, preferred stock and common equity.

bxc is organized into two overarching strategies: private credit and liquid credit. private credit strategies include mezzanine lending funds, middle market direct lending funds (including blackstone secured lending fund ("bxsl") and blackstone private credit fund ("bcred"), both of which are business development companies ("bdcs")), our structured products group, stressed/distressed strategies (including stressed/distressed funds and credit alpha strategies) and energy strategies. liquid credit strategies consist of clos, closed-ended funds, open-ended funds and separately managed accounts. in december 2020, bxc acquired dci llc ("dci"), a san francisco based systematic credit investment firm. as part of the transaction, dci will be integrated into bxc as systematic strategies within its liquid credit strategies unit.
our credit & insurance segment includes our insurer-focused platform, blackstone insurance solutions ("bis"). bis focuses on providing full investment management services for insurers' general accounts, delivering customized and diversified portfolios that include allocations to blackstone managed products and strategies across asset classes and blackstone's private credit origination capabilities. bis provides its clients tailored portfolio construction and strategic asset allocation, seeking to generate risk-managed, capital-efficient returns, diversification and capital preservation that meets clients' objectives. bis also provides similar services to clients through separately managed accounts or by sub-managing assets for certain insurance-dedicated funds and special purpose vehicles.
80
our credit & insurance segment also includes our publicly traded midstream energy infrastructure and master limited partnership ("mlp") investment platform, which is managed by harvest fund advisors llc ("harvest"). harvest primarily invests capital raised from institutional investors in separately managed accounts and pooled vehicles, investing in publicly traded energy infrastructure and mlps holding primarily midstream energy assets in north america.
we generate revenue from fees earned pursuant to contractual arrangements with funds, fund investors and fund portfolio companies (including management, transaction and monitoring fees), and from capital markets services. we also invest in the funds we manage and we are entitled to a pro-rata share of the results of the fund (a "pro-rata allocation"). in addition to a pro-rata allocation, and assuming certain investment returns are achieved, we are entitled to a disproportionate allocation of the income otherwise allocable to the limited partners, commonly referred to as carried interest ("performance allocations"). in certain structures, we receive a contractual incentive fee from an investment fund in the event that specified cumulative investment returns are achieved (an "incentive fee," and together with performance allocations, "performance revenues"). the composition of our revenues will vary based on market conditions and the cyclicality of the different businesses in which we operate. net investment gains and investment income generated by the blackstone funds are driven by value created by our operating and strategic initiatives as well as overall market conditions. fair values are affected by changes in the fundamentals of our portfolio company and other investments, the industries in which they operate, the overall economy and other market conditions.
our response to covid-19
as the global response to novel coronavirus ("covid-19") continues to evolve, our primary focus has been the safety and wellbeing of our employees and their families, as well as the seamless functioning of the firm in serving our limited partner investors who have entrusted us with their capital, and our shareholders. in accordance with local government guidance and social distancing recommendations, the majority of our employees globally have been working remotely. our technology infrastructure has proven to be robust and capable of supporting this model. we have implemented rigorous protocols for remote work across the firm, including increased cadence of group calls and updates, and frequent communication across leadership and working levels. we are leveraging technology to ensure our teams stay connected and productive, and that our culture remains strong even in these unusual circumstances. while we are generally not meeting with our clients in person, we continue to actively communicate with our clients through videoconference, teleconference and email. investment committees continue to convene as needed, and the firm continues to operate across investment, asset management and corporate support functions.
since july 2020, employees in our u.s. and european offices began returning to the office on a voluntary basis, consistent with local government guidelines, with testing, contact-tracing and social distancing and other safety protocols in place. we continue to closely monitor applicable public health and government guidance.
business environment blackstone's businesses are materially affected by conditions in the financial markets and economic conditions in the u.s., europe, asia and, to a lesser extent, elsewhere in the world.
global economic conditions in 2020 were significantly impacted by the covid-19 pandemic. following dramatic declines in global equity and credit markets in the first quarter of the year coupled with certain liquidity issues, markets generally experienced sharp recoveries later in the year as governments around the world implemented fiscal and monetary stimulus to counter the economic impacts of the pandemic. the recovery has been more recently aided by progress on covid-19 vaccine production and distribution. the global economy has, with certain setbacks, begun reopening and wider distribution of vaccines will likely encourage greater economic activity. nonetheless, the recovery could remain uneven, particularly given uncertainty with respect to the distribution and acceptance of the vaccines.
in the u.s., the s&p 500 increased 18% in 2020, with positive returns across most sectors and particular strength in technology stocks, which were up 44%. the s&p energy, real estate and financial sectors posted negative returns in 2020, with energy in particular down 34% as commodity prices remained suppressed. despite rising during the second half of 2020, the price of west texas ended the year at $48.52 per barrel, 21% below the 2019 year-end price of $61. the bloomberg commodity index finished the year down 4%.
81
volatility increased sharply during the year, with the cboe volatility index averaging 29 in 2020, up 89% from the prior-year average of 15. global equity issuance increased 60% in 2020. merger and acquisition activity decreased slightly in 2020, with announced volumes down 4% compared to 2019.
debt markets largely retraced their declines from early in 2020, with u.s. leveraged loans declining 0.5% overall in 2020 and high yield bonds increasing 5.5%. high yield spreads ended the year roughly in line with pre-covid levels and issuance increased 51% year-over-year. the federal reserve maintained the federal funds target range at 0.0%-0.25% and expanded its balance sheet since mid-march 2020 by more than $3 trillion to support new credit and liquidity facilities. the federal reserve expects to maintain the current pace of purchasing in the coming months. three-month libor ended the year at 0.24%, near historical lows. the u.s. treasury yield curve steepened towards the end of 2020, with ten-year yields rising 41 basis points from their trough in august to 0.91% by the end of 2020. two-year u.s. treasury yields remained relatively stable since their decline in the first quarter of 2020, ending the year at 0.12%.
the u.s. unemployment rate was 6.7% at the end of 2020, representing a decline from 11.1% at the end of june, although it remains at an elevated level. wages grew, with average hourly earnings increasing 5.1% year-over-year based on the three-month average for production and nonsupervisory employees. new orders for durable goods in december increased for the eighth consecutive month, while u.s. retail sales increased 3.2% in 2020 compared to 2019. the industrial sector continued to show mixed signals, as industrial production declined 3.6% in the fourth quarter from the year-ago period. however, the institute for supply management purchasing managers' index increased in the fourth quarter, rising to 60.7 from 55.4 in the third quarter, signaling moderate expansion in the u.s. manufacturing sector.
countries around the world continue to grapple with the economic impacts of the covid-19 pandemic. although a recovery is partially underway, it continues to be gradual, uneven and characterized by meaningful dispersion across sectors and regions, and could be hindered by persistent or resurgent infection rates. a potential next round of u.s. fiscal stimulus could provide meaningful support, along with continued accommodative monetary policy and wider distribution of vaccines. issues with respect to the distribution and acceptance of vaccines or the spread of new variants of the virus could adversely impact the recovery. overall, there remains significant uncertainty regarding the timing and duration of the economic recovery, which precludes any prediction as to the ultimate adverse impact of covid-19 on economic and market conditions.
notable transactions on september 29, 2020, blackstone issued $500 million aggregate principal amount of 1.600% senior notes due march 30, 2031 (the "2031 notes") and $400 million aggregate principal amount of 2.800% senior notes due september 30, 2050 (the "2050 notes").
on november 24, 2020, blackstone entered into an amended and restated $2.25 billion revolving credit facility. the amendment and restatement to the credit facility, among other things, increased the amount of available borrowings and extended the maturity date from september 21, 2023 to november 24, 2025.
for additional information see note 13. "borrowings" in the "notes to consolidated financial statements" in "- item 8. financial statements and supplementary data."
in december 2020, blackstone acquired dci, a san francisco based systematic credit investment firm. as part of the transaction, dci will be integrated into bxc as systematic strategies within its liquid credit strategies unit.
on january 26, 2021, pátria completed its ipo, pursuant to which we sold a portion of our interest. for additional information, see "part i. item 1. business - pátria investments" and note 4. "investments - equity method investments" in the "notes to consolidated financial statements" in "- item 8. financial statements and supplementary data" of this filing.
82
effective february 26, 2021, blackstone effectuated changes to its common stock as described in the immediately following section "organizational structure."
organizational structure effective july 1, 2019, the blackstone group l.p. converted from a delaware limited partnership to a delaware corporation, the blackstone group inc.
effective february 26, 2021, blackstone effectuated changes to rename its class a common stock as "common stock," and to reclassify its class b and class c common stock into a new "series i preferred stock" and "series ii preferred stock," respectively. each new stock has the same rights and powers of its predecessor. for additional information, see note 1. "organization" and note 16. "earnings per share and stockholder's equity - stockholder's equity" in the "notes to consolidated financial statements" in "- item 8. financial statements and supplementary data" of this filing and "- item 9b. other information."
the simplified diagram below depicts our current organizational structure. the diagram does not depict all of our subsidiaries, including intermediate holding companies through which certain of the subsidiaries depicted are held.
key financial measures and indicators we manage our business using certain financial measures and key operating metrics since we believe these metrics measure the productivity of our investment activities. we prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with gaap. see "- item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - notes to consolidated financial statements - note 2. summary of significant accounting policies" and "- critical accounting policies." our key non-gaap financial measures and operating indicators and metrics are discussed below.
83
distributable earnings distributable earnings is derived from blackstone's segment reported results. distributable earnings is used to assess performance and amounts available for dividends to blackstone shareholders, including blackstone personnel and others who are limited partners of the blackstone holdings partnerships. distributable earnings is the sum of segment distributable earnings plus net interest income (loss) less taxes and related payables. distributable earnings excludes unrealized activity and is derived from and reconciled to, but not equivalent to, its most directly comparable gaap measure of income (loss) before provision (benefit) for taxes. see "- non-gaap financial measures" for our reconciliation of distributable earnings.
net interest income (loss) is presented on a segment basis and is equal to interest and dividend revenue less interest expense, adjusted for the impact of consolidation of blackstone funds, and interest expense associated with the tax receivable agreement.
taxes and related payables represent the total gaap tax provision adjusted to include only the current tax provision (benefit) calculated on income (loss) before provision (benefit) for taxes and including the payable under the tax receivable agreement. further, the current tax provision utilized when calculating taxes and related payables and distributable earnings reflects the benefit of deductions available to the company on certain expense items that are excluded from the underlying calculation of segment distributable earnings and total segment distributable earnings, such as equity-based compensation charges and certain transaction-related charges where there is a current tax provision or benefit. the economic assumptions and methodologies that impact the implied income tax provision are the same as those methodologies and assumptions used in calculating the current income tax provision for blackstone's consolidated statements of operations under gaap, excluding the impact of divestitures and accrued tax contingencies and refunds which are reflected when paid or received. management believes that including the amount payable under the tax receivable agreement and utilizing the current income tax provision adjusted as described above when calculating distributable earnings is meaningful as it increases comparability between periods and more accurately reflects earnings that are available for distribution to shareholders.
segment distributable earnings segment distributable earnings is blackstone's segment profitability measure used to make operating decisions and assess performance across blackstone's four segments. segment distributable earnings represents the net realized earnings of blackstone's segments and is the sum of fee related earnings and net realizations for each segment. blackstone's segments are presented on a basis that deconsolidates blackstone funds, eliminates non-controlling ownership interests in blackstone's consolidated operating partnerships, removes the amortization of intangible assets and removes transaction-related charges. transaction-related charges arise from corporate actions including acquisitions, divestitures and blackstone's initial public offering. they consist primarily of equity-based compensation charges, gains and losses on contingent consideration arrangements, changes in the balance of the tax receivable agreement resulting from a change in tax law or similar event, transaction costs and any gains or losses associated with these corporate actions. segment distributable earnings excludes unrealized activity and is derived from and reconciled to, but not equivalent to, its most directly comparable gaap measure of income (loss) before provision (benefit) for taxes. see "- non-gaap financial measures" for our reconciliation of segment distributable earnings.
net realizations is presented on a segment basis and is the sum of realized principal investment income and realized performance revenues (which refers to realized performance revenues excluding fee related performance revenues), less realized performance compensation (which refers to realized performance compensation excluding fee related performance compensation and equity-based performance compensation).
84
fee related earnings fee related earnings is a performance measure used to assess blackstone's ability to generate profits from revenues that are measured and received on a recurring basis and not subject to future realization events. fee related earnings equals management and advisory fees (net of management fee reductions and offsets) plus fee related performance revenues, less (a) fee related compensation on a segment basis, and (b) other operating expenses. fee related earnings is derived from and reconciled to, but not equivalent to, its most directly comparable gaap measure of income (loss) before provision (benefit) for taxes. see "- non-gaap financial measures" for our reconciliation of fee related earnings.
fee related compensation is presented on a segment basis and refers to the compensation expense, excluding equity-based compensation, directly related to (a) management and advisory fees, net and (b) fee related performance revenues, referred to as fee related performance compensation.
fee related performance revenues refers to the realized portion of performance revenues from perpetual capital that are (a) measured and received on a recurring basis, and (b) not dependent on realization events from the underlying investments.
other operating expenses is presented on a segment basis and is equal to general, administrative and other expenses, adjusted to (a) remove the amortization of transaction-related intangibles, (b) remove certain expenses reimbursed by the blackstone funds which are netted against management and advisory fees, net in blackstone's segment presentation, and (c) give effect to an administrative fee collected on a quarterly basis from certain holders of blackstone holdings partnership units. the administrative fee is accounted for as a capital contribution under gaap, but is reflected as a reduction of other operating expenses in blackstone's segment presentation.
adjusted earnings before interest, taxes and depreciation and amortization adjusted earnings before interest, taxes and depreciation and amortization ("adjusted ebitda"), is a supplemental measure used to assess performance derived from blackstone's segment results and may be used to assess its ability to service its borrowings. adjusted ebitda represents distributable earnings plus the addition of (a) interest expense on a segment basis, (b) taxes and related payables, and (c) depreciation and amortization. adjusted ebitda is derived from and reconciled to, but not equivalent to, its most directly comparable gaap measure of income (loss) before provision (benefit) for taxes. see "- non-gaap financial measures" for our reconciliation of adjusted ebitda.
operating metrics the alternative asset management business is primarily based on managing third party capital and does not require substantial capital investment to support rapid growth. since our inception, we have developed and used various key operating metrics to assess and monitor the operating performance of our various alternative asset management businesses in order to monitor the effectiveness of our value creating strategies.
assets under management. assets under management refers to the assets we manage. our assets under management equals the sum of:
(a)   the fair value of the investments held by our carry funds and our side-by-side and co-investment entities managed by us plus the capital that we are entitled to call from investors in those funds and entities pursuant to the terms of their respective capital commitments, including capital commitments to funds that have yet to commence their investment periods,

(b)   the net asset value of (1) our hedge funds, real estate debt carry funds, bpp, certain co-investments managed by us, certain credit-focused funds, and our hedge fund solutions drawdown funds (plus, in each case, the capital that we are entitled to call from investors in those funds, including commitments yet to commence their investment periods), and (2) our funds of hedge funds, our hedge fund solutions registered investment companies, and breit,

(c)   the invested capital, fair value or net asset value of assets we manage pursuant to separately managed accounts,

(d)   the amount of debt and equity outstanding for our clos during the reinvestment period,

85
(e)   the aggregate par amount of collateral assets, including principal cash, for our clos after the reinvestment period,

(f)   the gross or net amount of assets (including leverage where applicable) for our credit-focused registered investment companies,

(g)   the fair value of common stock, preferred stock, convertible debt, term loans or similar instruments issued by bxmt, and

(h)   borrowings under and any amounts available to be borrowed under certain credit facilities of our funds.

our carry funds are commitment-based drawdown structured funds that do not permit investors to redeem their interests at their election. our funds of hedge funds, hedge funds, funds structured like hedge funds and other open-ended funds in our real estate, hedge fund solutions and credit & insurance segments generally have structures that afford an investor the right to withdraw or redeem their interests on a periodic basis (for example, annually or quarterly), typically with 30 to 95 days' notice, depending on the fund and the liquidity profile of the underlying assets. investment advisory agreements related to certain separately managed accounts in our hedge fund solutions and credit & insurance segments, excluding our bis separately managed accounts, may generally be terminated by an investor on 30 to 90 days' notice.
fee-earning assets under management. fee-earning assets under management refers to the assets we manage on which we derive management fees and/or performance revenues. our fee-earning assets under management equals the sum of:
(a)   for our private equity segment funds and real estate segment carry funds, including certain breds and hedge fund solutions funds, the amount of capital commitments, remaining invested capital, fair value, net asset value or par value of assets held, depending on the fee terms of the fund,

(b)   for our credit-focused carry funds, the amount of remaining invested capital (which may include leverage) or net asset value, depending on the fee terms of the fund,

(c)   the remaining invested capital or fair value of assets held in co-investment vehicles managed by us on which we receive fees,

(d)   the net asset value of our funds of hedge funds, hedge funds, bpp, certain co-investments managed by us, certain registered investment companies, breit, and certain of our hedge fund solutions drawdown funds,

(e)   the invested capital, fair value of assets or the net asset value we manage pursuant to separately managed accounts,

(f)   the net proceeds received from equity offerings and accumulated distributable earnings of bxmt, subject to certain adjustments,

(g)   the aggregate par amount of collateral assets, including principal cash, of our clos, and

(h)   the gross amount of assets (including leverage) or the net assets (plus leverage where applicable) for certain of our credit-focused registered investment companies.

each of our segments may include certain fee-earning assets under management on which we earn performance revenues but not management fees.
our calculations of assets under management and fee-earning assets under management may differ from the calculations of other asset managers, and as a result this measure may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other asset managers. in addition, our calculation of assets under management includes commitments to, and the fair value of, invested capital in our funds from blackstone and our personnel, regardless of whether such commitments or invested capital are subject to fees. our definitions of assets under management and fee-earning assets under management are not based on any definition of assets under management and fee-earning assets under management that is set forth in the agreements governing the investment funds that we manage.
86
for our carry funds, total assets under management includes the fair value of the investments held and uncalled capital commitments, whereas fee-earning assets under management may include the total amount of capital commitments or the remaining amount of invested capital at cost depending on whether the investment period has expired or as specified by the fee terms of the fund. as such, in certain carry funds fee-earning assets under management may be greater than total assets under management when the aggregate fair value of the remaining investments is less than the cost of those investments.
perpetual capital. perpetual capital refers to the component of assets under management with an indefinite term, that is not in liquidation, and for which there is no requirement to return capital to investors through redemption requests in the ordinary course of business, except where funded by new capital inflows. perpetual capital includes co-investment capital with an investor right to convert into perpetual capital.
dry powder. dry powder represents the amount of capital available for investment or reinvestment, including general partner and employee capital, and is an indicator of the capital we have available for future investments.
performance eligible assets under management. performance eligible assets under management represents invested and to be invested capital at fair value, including capital closed for funds whose investment period has not yet commenced, on which performance revenues could be earned if certain hurdles are met.
consolidated results of operations following is a discussion of our consolidated results of operations for each of the years in the three-year period ended december 31, 2020. for a more detailed discussion of the factors that affected the results of our four business segments (which are presented on a basis that deconsolidates the investment funds we manage) in these periods, see "-segment analysis" below.
87
the following table sets forth information regarding our consolidated results of operations and certain key operating metrics for the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018:
year ended december 31,      2020 vs. 2019                                                           2019 vs. 2018
2020                         2019                          2018                             $                            %                                       $   %
(dollars in thousands)
revenues management and advisory fees, net                                                                   $4,092,549                    $3,472,155                    $3,027,796           $620,394                          18%                 $444,359                15%
incentive fees                                                                                         138,661                       129,911                        57,540                        8,750                 7%                   72,371               126%
investment income (loss)
performance allocations realized                                                                                             2,106,000                     1,739,000                     1,876,507                      367,000                21%                 (137,507   )            -7%
unrealized                                                                                            (384,393   )                 1,126,332                       561,373                   (1,510,725   )            n/m                  564,959               101%
principal investments realized                                                                                               391,628                       393,478                       415,862                       (1,850   )              -                  (22,384   )            -5%
unrealized                                                                                            (114,607   )                   215,003                        49,917                     (329,610   )            n/m                  165,086               331%
total investment income                                                                              1,998,628                     3,473,813                     2,903,659                   (1,475,185   )           -42%                  570,154                20%
interest and dividend revenue                                                                          125,231                       182,398                       171,947                      (57,167   )           -31%                   10,451                 6%
other                                                                                                 (253,142   )                    79,993                       672,317                     (333,135   )            n/m                 (592,324   )           -88%
total revenues                                                                                       6,101,927                     7,338,270                     6,833,259                   (1,236,343   )           -17%                  505,011                 7%
expenses compensation and benefits compensation                                                                                         1,855,619                     1,820,330                     1,609,957                       35,289                 2%                  210,373                13%
incentive fee compensation                                                                              44,425                        44,300                        33,916           125                                 -                   10,384                31%
performance allocations compensation realized                                                                                               843,230                       662,942                       711,076                      180,288                27%                  (48,134   )            -7%
unrealized                                                                                            (154,516   )                   540,285                       319,742                     (694,801   )            n/m                  220,543                69%
total compensation and benefits                                                                      2,588,758                     3,067,857                     2,674,691                     (479,099   )           -16%                  393,166                15%
general, administrative and other                                                                      711,782                       679,408                       594,873                       32,374                 5%                   84,535                14%
interest expense                                                                                       166,162                       199,648                       163,990                      (33,486   )           -17%                   35,658                22%
fund expenses                                                                                           12,864                        17,738                        78,486                       (4,874   )           -27%                  (60,748   )           -77%
total expenses                                                                                       3,479,566                     3,964,651                     3,512,040                     (485,085   )           -12%                  452,611                13%
other income (loss)
change in tax receivable agreement liability                                                           (35,383   )                   161,567                             -                     (196,950   )            n/m                  161,567                n/m net gains from fund investment activities                                                               30,542                       282,829                       191,722                     (252,287   )           -89%                   91,107                48%
total other income (loss)                                                                               (4,841   )                   444,396                       191,722                     (449,237   )            n/m                  252,674               132%
income before provision (benefit) for taxes                                                          2,617,520                     3,818,015                     3,512,941                   (1,200,495   )           -31%                  305,074                 9%
provision (benefit) for taxes                                                                          356,014                       (47,952   )                   249,390                      403,966                n/m                 (297,342   )            n/m net income                                                                                           2,261,506                     3,865,967                     3,263,551                   (1,604,461   )           -42%                  602,416                18%
net loss attributable to redeemable non-controlling interests in consolidated entities                 (13,898   )                      (121   )                    (2,104   )                  (13,777   )            n/m                    1,983               -94%
net income attributable to non-controlling interests in consolidated entities                          217,117                       476,779                       358,878                     (259,662   )           -54%                  117,901                33%
net income attributable to non-controlling interests in blackstone holdings                          1,012,924                     1,339,627                     1,364,989                     (326,703   )           -24%                  (25,362   )            -2%
net income attributable to the blackstone group inc.                                                $1,045,363                    $2,049,682                    $1,541,788           $(1,004,319          )           -49%                 $507,894                33%
n/m not meaningful.
year ended december 31, 2020 compared to year ended december 31, 2019
revenues revenues were $6.1 billion for the year ended december 31, 2020, a decrease of $1.2 billion compared to $7.3 billion for the year ended december 31, 2019. the decrease in revenues was primarily attributable to decreases of $1.5 billion in investment income (loss) and $333.1 million in other revenue, partially offset by an increase of $620.4 million in management and advisory fees, net.
88
the decrease in investment income (loss) was primarily driven by the impacts of covid-19. investment income (loss) in our real estate and credit & insurance segments decreased $1.7 billion and $287.7 million, respectively, partially offset by an increase in our private equity segment of $494.2 million. the decrease in our real estate segment was primarily attributable to lower net unrealized appreciation of investment holdings in brep opportunistic funds and lower realized gains in the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the year ended december 31, 2019. brep opportunistic funds' carrying value increased 3.4% in the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to 17.6% in the year ended december 31, 2019. the decrease in our credit & insurance segment was primarily attributable to net unrealized depreciation of investments in our private credit strategies in the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to net unrealized appreciation in the year ended december 31, 2019. the increase in our private equity segment was primarily attributable to higher realized gains and higher net unrealized appreciation of investment holdings in corporate private equity in the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the year ended december 31, 2019. corporate private equity carrying value increased 11.9% in the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to 10.3% in the year ended december 31, 2019.
the decrease in other revenue was primarily due to foreign exchange losses on our euro denominated bonds and cross-currency swaps.
the increase in management and advisory fees, net was primarily due to increases in our real estate and private equity segments of $373.5 million and $205.5 million, respectively. the increase in our real estate segment was primarily due to the end of brep ix's fee holiday in 2019, the commencement of brep europe vi's investment period in the fourth quarter of 2019 along with the end of its fee holiday in the first quarter of 2020 and fee-earning assets under management growth in core+ real estate. the increase in our private equity segment was primarily due to the end of bcp viii, bep iii and bxls v's fee holiday during the third quarter of 2020 and a full year of base management fees from strategic partners viii.
expenses expenses were $3.5 billion for the year ended december 31, 2020, a decrease of $485.1 million, compared to $4.0 billion for the year ended december 31, 2019. the decrease was primarily attributable to a decrease of $479.1 million in total compensation and benefits, which was primarily due to a decrease of $514.5 million in performance allocations compensation. the decrease in performance allocations compensation was primarily due to the decrease in investment income (loss) - performance allocations, on which the compensation is based.
other income (loss)
year ended december 31, 2020 compared to year ended december 31, 2019
other income (loss) was $(4.8) million for the year ended december 31, 2020, a decrease of $449.2 million, compared to $444.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the decrease in other income (loss) was due to decreases of $252.3 million in net gains (losses) from fund investment activities and $197.0 million in change in tax receivable agreement liability.
the decrease in net gain (losses) from fund investment activities was primarily due to decreases of $188.9 million in our credit & insurance segment and $86.2 million in our real estate segment, partially offset by an increase of $19.0 million in our private equity segment. the decrease in our credit & insurance segment was primarily driven by depreciation of consolidated clos and other vehicles during the first six months of 2020 and the deconsolidation of nine clo vehicles during the third quarter of 2020. see note 9. "variable interest entities" in the "notes to consolidated financial statements" in "- item 8. financial statements and supplementary data" of this filing. the decrease in our real estate segment was primarily driven by depreciation of investments in our consolidated real estate segment funds. the increase in our private equity segment was primarily due to appreciation of investments in our consolidated private equity segment funds.
89
the decrease in change in tax receivable agreement liability was primarily due to the reduction of the estimated cash savings to be realized by blackstone recorded in relation to the conversion during the year ended december 31, 2019.
provision (benefit) for taxes the following table summarizes blackstone's tax position:
year ended december 31,
2020                     2019                      2018
(dollars in thousands)
income before provision (benefit) for taxes          $2,617,520             $3,818,015                   $3,512,941
provision (benefit) for taxes                          $356,014             $(47,952        )              $249,390
effective income tax rate                                  13.6    %                -1.3    %                   7.1    %
the following table reconciles the effective income tax rate to the u.s. federal statutory tax rate:
year ended december 31,             2020 vs.              2019 vs.
2020                 2019                   2018                   2019                 2018
statutory u.s. federal income tax rate                                                           21.0   %               21.0   %               21.0   %                -                     -
income passed through to common shareholders and non-controlling interest holders (a)            -8.6   %              -13.5   %              -15.5   %              4.9   %               2.0   %
state and local income taxes                                                                      2.4   %                1.6   %                1.8   %              0.8   %              -0.2   %
foreign income taxes                                                                             -1.2   %               -0.6   %               -0.3   %             -0.6   %              -0.3   %
change to a taxable corporation                                                                   1.4   %              -10.3   %                  -                 11.7   %             -10.3   %
change in valuation allowance (b)                                                                -2.8   %               -0.8   %                  -                 -2.0   %              -0.8   %
other                                                                                             1.4   %                1.3   %                0.1   %              0.1   %               1.2   %
effective income tax rate                                                                        13.6   %               -1.3   %                7.1   %             14.9   %              -8.4   %
(a)   includes income that was not taxable to blackstone and its subsidiaries. such income was directly taxable to shareholders of blackstone's common stock for the period prior to the conversion and remains taxable to blackstone's non-controlling interest holders.

(b)   the change in valuation allowance for the year ended december 31, 2019 represents the change from july 1, 2019 to december 31, 2019, following the change to a taxable corporation.

blackstone's provision (benefit) for taxes for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019 was $356.0 million and $(48.0) million, respectively. this resulted in an effective tax rate of 13.6% and -1.3%, respectively, based on our income before provision (benefit) for taxes of $2.6 billion and $3.8 billion, respectively.
the increase in blackstone's effective tax rate for the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to the year ended december 31, 2019, resulted primarily from the conversion in 2019. for the year ended december 31, 2020, blackstone was a corporation subject to federal and state corporate income taxes while for the first six months of the year ended december 31, 2019, the blackstone group l.p. was a publicly traded partnership with income directly taxable to common unitholders. the estimated tax benefit recorded on the date of the conversion was reflected in the year ended december 31, 2019. upon finalization of the 2019 tax returns, an adjustment was made to the tax basis step up related to the conversion, resulting in an increase to the effective tax rate for the period ended december 31, 2020. in addition, the effective tax rate for the year ended december 31, 2020 benefited from a reduction in blackstone's valuation allowance, due to the tax basis utilization attributable to asset dispositions during the year.
90
additional information regarding our income taxes can be found in "- item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - notes to consolidated financial statements - note 15. income taxes" of this filing.
non-controlling interests in consolidated entities the net income attributable to redeemable non-controlling interests in consolidated entities and net income attributable to non-controlling interests in consolidated entities is attributable to the consolidated blackstone funds. the amounts of these items vary directly with the performance of the consolidated blackstone funds and largely eliminate the amount of other income (loss) - net gains (losses) from fund investment activities from the net income (loss) attributable to the blackstone group inc.
net income attributable to non-controlling interests in blackstone holdings is derived from the income before provision (benefit) for taxes at the blackstone holdings level, excluding the net gains (losses) from fund investment activities and the percentage allocation of the income between blackstone personnel and others who are limited partners of blackstone holdings and blackstone after considering any contractual arrangements that govern the allocation of income such as fees allocable to blackstone.
for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019, the net income before taxes allocated to blackstone personnel and others who are limited partners of blackstone holdings was 42.7% and 43.9%, respectively. the decrease of 1.2% was primarily due to conversions of blackstone holdings partnership units to shares of common stock and the vesting of shares of common stock.
the other income (loss) - change in tax receivable agreement liability was entirely allocated to the blackstone group inc.
operating metrics the following graphs and tables summarize the fee-earning assets under management by segment and total assets under management by segment, followed by a rollforward of activity for the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018. for a description of how assets under management and fee-earning assets under management are determined, please see "-key financial measures and indicators - operating metrics - assets under management and fee-earning assets under management."
91
note: totals may not add due to rounding.
92
year ended december 31,
2020                                                                                                                                                      2019
real estate                       private      hedge fund                                   credit &amp;                         total                     real estate                      private                     hedge fund                    credit &amp;                         total equity      solutions                                       insurance                                                                                     equity                      solutions                       insurance
(dollars in thousands)
fee-earning assets under management balance, beginning of period                        $128,214,137                    $97,773,964           $75,636,004                           $106,450,747                     $408,074,852                   $93,252,724                   $80,008,166                   $72,280,606                    $96,986,011                     $342,527,507
inflows (a)                                           28,071,474                     45,359,946                     9,712,930                     26,035,009                      109,179,359                    52,424,662                    27,260,480                    11,488,234                     21,069,189                      112,242,565
outflows (b)                                          (3,517,881     )               (5,956,364    )              (12,538,753     )               (9,417,126      )               (31,430,124   )                (9,690,143     )              (2,352,716    )              (11,928,940     )               (9,067,554      )               (33,039,353   )
net inflows (outflows)                                24,553,593                     39,403,582                    (2,825,823     )               16,617,883                       77,749,235                    42,734,519                    24,907,764                      (440,706     )               12,001,635                       79,203,212
realizations (c)                                      (9,007,492     )               (7,290,931    )               (1,346,147     )               (5,506,288      )               (23,150,858   )               (11,353,675     )              (7,212,993    )               (1,153,785     )               (5,629,089      )               (25,349,542   )
market activity (d)(g)                                 5,361,223                       (346,985    )                2,662,576                       (916,929      )                 6,759,885                     3,580,569                        71,027                     4,949,889                      3,092,190                       11,693,675
balance, end of period (e)                          $149,121,461                   $129,539,630           $74,126,610                           $116,645,413                     $469,433,114                  $128,214,137                   $97,773,964                   $75,636,004                   $106,450,747                     $408,074,852
increase (decrease)                                  $20,907,324                    $31,765,666           $(1,509,394             )              $10,194,666                      $61,358,262                   $34,961,413                   $17,765,798                    $3,355,398                     $9,464,736                      $65,547,345
increase (decrease)                                           16     %                       32    %                       -2     %                       10      %                        15   %                        37     %                      22    %                        5     %                       10      %                        19   %
annualized base management fee rate (f)                     1.14     %                     1.00    %      0.81                    %                     0.57      %                      0.91   %                      1.02     %                    1.08    %                     0.75     %                     0.57      %                      0.86   %
year ended december 31,
2018
private                      hedge fund       credit &amp;
real estate                        equity                       solutions       insurance                                            total
(dollars in thousands)
fee-earning assets under management balance, beginning of period                        $83,984,824                    $70,140,883                    $69,914,061             $111,304,230                              $335,343,998
inflows (a)                                          17,961,223                     16,096,543                     12,354,410                       24,587,957                        71,000,133
outflows (b)                                         (2,000,367     )               (1,888,223    )               (10,278,403     )                (27,640,908      )                (41,807,901   )
net inflows (outflows)                               15,960,856                     14,208,320                      2,076,007                       (3,052,951      )                 29,192,232
realizations (c)                                     (8,781,140     )               (4,729,843    )                  (429,912     )                 (6,672,539      )                (20,613,434   )
market activity (d)(g)                                2,088,184                        388,806                        720,450                       (4,592,729      )                 (1,395,289   )
balance, end of period (e)                          $93,252,724                    $80,008,166                    $72,280,606             $96,986,011                               $342,527,507
increase (decrease)                                  $9,267,900                     $9,867,283                     $2,366,545             $(14,318,219              )                 $7,183,509
increase (decrease)                                          11     %                       14    %                         3     %                        -13      %                          2   %
annualized base management fee rate (f)                    1.11     %                     1.04    %                      0.72     %       0.54                      %                       0.84   %
93
year ended december 31,
2020                                                                                                                                                        2019
real estate                        private      hedge fund                                   credit &amp;                         total                     real estate                        private                     hedge fund                     credit &amp;                         total equity      solutions                                       insurance                                                                                       equity                      solutions                        insurance
(dollars in thousands)
total assets under management balance, beginning of period               $163,156,064                    $182,886,109           $80,738,112                           $144,342,178                     $571,122,463                  $136,247,229                    $130,665,286                   $77,814,516                    $127,515,286                     $472,242,317
inflows (a)                                  33,426,600                      23,030,463                    10,415,356                     28,141,077                       95,013,496                    34,190,566                      56,836,570                    12,242,855                      31,107,288                      134,377,279
outflows (b)                                 (3,836,842     )                (2,707,863    )              (13,353,437   )                 (9,380,391      )               (29,278,533   )                (2,664,717     )                (1,065,445    )              (13,433,702     )               (11,629,269      )               (28,793,133   )
net inflows (outflows)                       29,589,758                      20,322,600                    (2,938,081   )                 18,760,686                       65,734,963                    31,525,849                      55,771,125                    (1,190,847     )                19,478,019                      105,584,146
realizations (c)                            (16,256,579     )               (17,304,777    )               (1,392,894   )                 (7,670,738      )               (42,624,988   )               (18,097,899     )               (13,540,914    )               (1,271,968     )                (7,291,045      )               (40,201,826   )
market activity (d)(h)(i)                    10,702,004                      11,645,290                     3,015,732                     (1,038,536      )                24,324,490                    13,480,885                       9,990,612                     5,386,411                       4,639,918                       33,497,826
balance, end of period (e)                 $187,191,247                    $197,549,222           $79,422,869                           $154,393,590                     $618,556,928                  $163,156,064                    $182,886,109                   $80,738,112                    $144,342,178                     $571,122,463
increase (decrease)                         $24,035,183                     $14,663,113           $(1,315,243           )                $10,051,412                      $47,434,465                   $26,908,835                     $52,220,823                    $2,923,596                     $16,826,892                      $98,880,146
increase (decrease)                                  15     %                         8    %                       -2   %                          7      %                         8   %                        20     %                        40    %                        4     %                        13      %                        21   %
year ended december 31,
2018
private                      hedge fund       credit &amp;
real estate                          equity                       solutions       insurance                                            total
(dollars in thousands)
total assets under management balance, beginning of period               $115,340,363                     $105,560,576                    $75,090,834             $138,136,470                              $434,128,243
inflows (a)                                  31,478,431                       26,639,963                     13,278,327                       29,578,890                       100,975,611
outflows (b)                                 (2,162,958     )                 (1,617,585    )               (10,780,055     )                (28,057,658   )                   (42,618,256   )
net inflows                                  29,315,473                       25,022,378                      2,498,272                        1,521,232                        58,357,355
realizations (c)                            (14,675,095     )                (10,396,611    )                  (471,931     )                 (8,516,996   )                   (34,060,633   )
market activity (d)(h)(i)                     6,266,488                       10,478,943                        697,341                       (3,625,420   )                    13,817,352
balance, end of period (e)                 $136,247,229                     $130,665,286                    $77,814,516             $127,515,286                              $472,242,317
increase (decrease)                         $20,906,866                      $25,104,710                     $2,723,682             $(10,621,184           )                   $38,114,074
increase (decrease)                                  18     %                         24    %                         4     %                         -8   %                             9   %
94
(a)   inflows represent contributions, capital raised, other increases in available capital (recallable capital, increased side-by-side commitments), purchases, inter-segment allocations and acquisitions.

(b)   outflows represent redemptions, client withdrawals and decreases in available capital (expired capital, expense drawdowns and decreased side-by-side commitments).

(c)   realizations represent realization proceeds from the disposition or other monetization of assets, current income or capital returned to investors from clos.

(d)   market activity includes realized and unrealized gains (losses) on portfolio investments and the impact of foreign exchange rate fluctuations.

(e)   assets under management are reported in the segment where the assets are managed.

(f)   effective january 1, 2020, blackstone updated its calculation methodology as follows: annualized year to date base management fee divided by the average of the beginning of year and each quarter end's fee-earning assets under management in the reporting period. prior periods have been recast for this update

(g)   for the year ended december 31, 2020, the impact to fee-earning assets under management due to foreign exchange rate fluctuations was $2.4 billion, $1.0 billion and $3.5 billion for the real estate, credit &amp; insurance and total segments, respectively. for the year ended december 31, 2019, the impact to fee-earning assets under management due to foreign exchange rate fluctuations was $(94.9) million, $(280.6) million and $(375.5) million for the real estate, credit &amp; insurance and total segments, respectively. for the year ended december 31, 2018, such impact was $(904.2) million, $(626.6) million and $(1.5) billion for the real estate, credit &amp; insurance and total segments, respectively.

(h)   for the year ended december 31, 2020, the impact to total assets under management due to foreign exchange rate fluctuations was $4.2 billion, $642.6 million, $1.2 billion and $6.1 billion for the real estate, private equity, credit &amp; insurance and total segments, respectively. for the year ended december 31, 2019, the impact to total assets under management due to foreign exchange rate fluctuations was $(908.4) million, $238.8 million, $(233.0) million and $(902.6) million for the real estate, private equity, credit &amp; insurance and total segments, respectively. for the year ended december 31, 2018, such impact was $(2.1) billion, $(354.1) million, $(821.9) million and $(3.3) billion for the real estate, private equity, credit &amp; insurance and total segments, respectively.

(i)   effective in the three months ended december 31, 2020, the methodology for total assets under management was updated with respect to the relevant segment for certain real estate, secondaries and credit funds to include permanent fund level leverage (as this represents additional capital the fund is managing), to include uncalled capital commitments until they are legally expired and to exclude certain uncalled capital commitments where the investors have complete discretion over investment. funds without an adjustment were either already applying that methodology in reporting total assets under management or the updates were not applicable. additional detail on these adjustments is included below:

year ended december 31, 2020
private                      hedge fund                credit &amp;
real estate                   equity                       solutions                 insurance                       total
(dollars in thousands)
market activity                   $6,923,489                    $9,776,454                   $3,015,732                $475,847                        $20,191,522
one-time methodology adjustment           3,778,515                     1,868,836                    -                         (1,514,383   )                  4,132,968
reported market activity          $10,702,004                   $11,645,290                  $3,015,732                $(1,038,536          )          $24,324,490
subsequent to december 31, 2020, increases/decreases in permanent fund level leverage and uncalled capital commitments that have not legally expired where investors do not have complete discretion over investment for the aforementioned funds will be reflected as inflows, outflows, realization and/or market activity, as the case may be.
95
fee-earning assets under management fee-earning assets under management were $469.4 billion at december 31, 2020, an increase of $61.4 billion, or 15%, compared to $408.1 billion at december 31, 2019. the net increase was due to:
•   inflows of $109.2 billion related to:

o   $45.4 billion in our private equity segment driven by $29.5 billion from corporate private equity, primarily related to the commencement of bcp viii and bep iii's investment periods, $4.9 billion from bxls, related to the commencement of bxls v's investment period, $4.6 billion from strategic partners, $3.3 billion from bxg, $2.6 billion from tactical opportunities and $504.1 million from multi-asset products,

o   $28.1 billion in our real estate segment driven by $9.5 billion from breit, $6.9 billion from the launch of a new perpetual capital vehicle, bpp life sciences, $5.9 billion from breds, $2.1 billion from brep opportunistic funds and co-investment, $1.3 billion from bpp europe and co-investment, $1.2 billion from bpp asia and co-investment and $1.1 billion from bpp u.s. and co-investment,

o   $26.0 billion in our credit &amp; insurance segment driven by $13.0 billion from certain liquid credit and mlp strategies (including $7.8 billion related to the dci acquisition), $4.7 billion from direct lending, $4.3 billion from our structured products group, $4.2 billion of capital raised from clos, $2.5 billion from bis, $1.6 billion from mezzanine funds, $1.3 billion from stressed/distressed strategies and $525.8 million from energy strategies, all partially offset by $6.6 billion of allocations to various strategies and other segments, and

o   $9.7 billion in our hedge fund solutions segment driven by $6.5 billion from individual investor and specialized solutions, $1.9 billion from customized solutions and $1.2 billion from commingled products.

•   market activity of $6.8 billion primarily attributable to:

o   $5.4 billion of market appreciation in our real estate segment driven by $4.5 billion from core+ real estate (including $1.3 billion from foreign exchange appreciation) and $1.1 billion from brep opportunistic and co-investment,

o   $2.7 billion of market appreciation in our hedge fund solutions segment driven by returns from baam's principal solutions composite of 5.5% gross and 4.6% net, and

o   partially offset by $916.9 million of market depreciation in our credit &amp; insurance segment driven by depreciation of $1.1 billion from certain liquid credit and mlp strategies, $1.0 billion from stressed/distressed strategies, partially offset by $534.5 million of market appreciation from clos, $388.9 million from direct lending and $360.3 million from bis, all of which included $1.0 billion of foreign exchange appreciation across the segment.

offsetting these increases were:
•   outflows of $31.4 billion primarily attributable to:

o   $12.5 billion in our hedge fund solutions segment driven by $5.7 billion from individual investor and specialized solutions, $4.0 billion from customized solutions and $2.8 billion from commingled products,

o   $9.4 billion in our credit &amp; insurance segment driven by $6.8 billion from certain liquid credit and mlp strategies, $1.1 billion from direct lending and $809.9 million from stressed/distressed strategies,

o   $6.0 billion in our private equity segment driven by $4.6 billion from corporate private equity primarily due to the end of bcp vii and bep ii's investment periods, $706.8 million from strategic partners, $497.5 million from bxls due to the end of clarus iv's investment period and $237.2 million from multi-asset products, and

96
o   $3.5 billion in our real estate segment driven by $1.5 billion from breit, $1.5 billion from breds, $336.0 million from bpp u.s. and co-investment and $160.3 million from bpp europe.

•   realizations of $23.2 billion primarily driven by:

o   $9.0 billion in our real estate segment driven by $3.2 billion from brep opportunistic funds and co-investment, $3.1 billion from core+ real estate and $2.7 billion from breds,

o   $7.3 billion in our private equity segment driven by $3.7 billion from tactical opportunities, $1.9 billion from corporate private equity and $1.7 billion from strategic partners, and

o   $5.5 billion in our credit &amp; insurance segment driven by $1.2 billion from direct lending, $1.2 billion from stressed/distressed strategies, $1.0 billion from clos, $978.6 million from mezzanine funds, $583.8 million from energy strategies and $551.7 million from certain liquid credit and mlp strategies.

total assets under management total assets under management were $618.6 billion at december 31, 2020, an increase of $47.4 billion, compared to $571.1 billion at december 31, 2019. the net increase was due to:
•   inflows of $95.0 billion related to:

o   $33.4 billion in our real estate segment driven by $9.5 billion from breit, $8.8 billion from breds, $8.0 billion from the launch of a new perpetual capital vehicle, bpp life sciences, $2.3 billion from brep opportunistic funds and co-investment, $1.9 billion from bpp asia and co-investment, $1.8 billion from bpp europe and co-investment and $1.1 billion from bpp u.s. and co-investment,

o   $28.1 billion in our credit &amp; insurance segment driven by $14.1 billion from certain liquid credit and mlp strategies (including $7.8 billion related to the dci acquisition), $7.3 billion from our structured products group, $5.1 billion from direct lending, $4.2 billion of capital raised from clos, $3.5 billion from mezzanine funds and $2.7 billion from bis, all partially offset by $9.6 billion of allocations to various strategies and other segments,

o   $23.0 billion in our private equity segment driven by $10.3 billion from corporate private equity, including $8.2 billion capital raised from the second core private equity fund, $4.1 billion from strategic partners, $3.5 billion from bxg, $2.1 billion from tactical opportunities, $2.1 billion from bxls and $888.0 million from bip, and

o   $10.4 billion in our hedge fund solutions segment driven by $6.6 billion from individual investor and specialized solutions, $2.3 billion from customized solutions and $1.6 billion from commingled products.

•   market activity of $24.3 billion primarily driven by:

o   $11.6 billion of market appreciation in our private equity segment driven by carrying value increases in corporate private equity and tactical opportunities of 11.9% and 14.1%, respectively, which includes $642.6 million of foreign exchange appreciation across the segment,

o   $10.7 billion of market appreciation in our real estate segment driven by carrying value increases in opportunistic and core+ real estate of 3.4% and 7.9%, during the year, respectively, which includes $4.2 billion of foreign exchange appreciation across the segment,

o   $3.0 billion of market appreciation in our hedge fund solutions segment driven by reasons noted above in fee-earning assets under management, and

o   partially offset by $1.0 billion of market depreciation in our credit &amp; insurance segment driven by depreciation of $1.2 billion from certain liquid credit and mlp strategies, $816.5 million from energy strategies and $616.7 million from stressed/distressed strategies, partially offset by market appreciation of $1.2 billion from direct lending and $554.8 million from clos, all of which included $1.2 billion of foreign exchange appreciation across the segment.

97
total assets under management market activity in our real estate and private equity segments generally represents the change in fair value of the investments held and typically exceeds the fee-earning assets under management market activity.
offsetting these increases were:
•   realizations of $42.6 billion primarily driven by:

o   $17.3 billion in our private equity segment driven by $8.3 billion from corporate private equity, $6.1 billion from tactical opportunities, $2.5 billion from strategic partners and $446.6 million from bxls,

o   $16.3 billion in our real estate segment driven by $11.1 billion from brep opportunistic and co-investment, $3.2 billion from core+ real estate and $1.9 billion from breds, and

o   $7.7 billion in our credit &amp; insurance segment driven by $2.2 billion from direct lending, $1.9 billion from mezzanine funds, $1.3 billion from stressed/distressed strategies, $1.0 billion from clos, $638.5 million from energy strategies and $617.3 million from certain liquid credit and mlp strategies.

total assets under management realizations in our real estate and private equity segments generally represents the total proceeds and typically exceeds the fee-earning assets under management realizations which generally represents only the invested capital.
•   outflows of $29.3 billion primarily attributable to:

o   $13.4 billion in our hedge fund solutions segment driven by $5.8 billion from individual investor and specialized solutions, $4.1 billion from customized solutions and $3.4 billion from commingled products,

o   $9.4 billion in our credit &amp; insurance segment driven by $7.3 billion from certain liquid credit and mlp strategies, $1.1 billion from direct lending and $508.5 million from clos,

o   $3.8 billion in our real estate segment driven by $2.1 billion from core+ real estate, $1.3 billion from brep opportunistic funds and co-investment and $467.2 million from breds, and

o   $2.7 billion in our private equity segment driven by $824.8 million from multi-asset products, $705.9 million from strategic partners, $658.1 million from corporate private equity, $337.2 million from tactical opportunities and $171.7 million from bxls.

98
dry powder the following presents our dry powder as of december 31 of each year:
note: totals may not add due to rounding.
(a)   represents illiquid drawdown funds, a component of perpetual capital and fee-paying co-investments; includes fee-paying third party capital as well as general partner and employee capital that does not earn fees. amounts are reduced by outstanding capital commitments, for which capital has not yet been invested.

net accrued performance revenues the following table presents the accrued performance revenues, net of performance compensation, of the blackstone funds as of december 31, 2020 and 2019. net accrued performance revenues presented do not include clawback amounts, if any, which are disclosed in note 19. "commitments and contingencies - contingencies - contingent obligations (clawback)" in the "notes to consolidated financial statements" in "-item 8. financial statements and supplementary data" of this filing. see "- non-gaap financial measures" for our reconciliation of net accrued performance revenues.
99
december 31,
2020                    2019
(dollars in millions)
real estate brep iv                                                          $9                       $11
brep v                                                           13                        19
brep vi                                                          42                        76
brep vii                                                        236                       445
brep viii                                                       475                       674
brep ix                                                         137                         6
brep europe iv                                                   97                       158
brep europe v                                                   211                       193
brep asia i                                                     127                       152
brep asia ii                                                      -                        22
bpp                                                             264                       281
breds                                                            23                        33
btas                                                             21                        42
total real estate (a)                                         1,656                     2,112
private equity bcp iv                                                           18                        23
bcp vi                                                          680                       705
bcp vii                                                         688                       471
bcp asia                                                         72                        17
bep i                                                            29                       102
bep iii                                                          16                         -
bcep                                                            105                        46
tactical opportunities (b)                                      204                       157
strategic partners                                              105                       144
bxls                                                             10                         7
btas/other                                                       45                        62
total private equity (a)                                      1,971                     1,735
hedge fund solutions                                             29                        15
credit &amp; insurance                                          170                       237
total blackstone net accrued performance revenues            $3,826                    $4,099
note: totals may not add due to rounding.
(a)   real estate and private equity include co-investments, as applicable

(b)   tactical opportunities includes blackstone growth.

for the year ended december 31, 2020 net accrued performance revenues receivable decreased due to net realized distributions of $1.4 billion in excess of net accrued performance revenues of $1.1 billion.
100
invested performance eligible assets under management the following presents our invested performance eligible assets under management as of december 31 of each year:
note: totals may not add due to rounding.
101
perpetual capital the following presents our perpetual capital assets under management as of december 31 of each year:
note: totals may not add due to rounding.
investment record fund returns information for our significant funds is included throughout this discussion and analysis to facilitate an understanding of our results of operations for the periods presented. the fund returns information reflected in this discussion and analysis is not indicative of the financial performance of blackstone and is also not necessarily indicative of the future performance of any particular fund. an investment in blackstone is not an investment in any of our funds. there can be no assurance that any of our funds or our other existing and future funds will achieve similar returns.
102
the following table presents the investment record of our significant drawdown funds from inception through december 31, 2020:
fund (investment period                        committed                      available                      unrealized investments                                                  realized investments                                total investments                                                     net irrs (d)
beginning date / ending date) (a)              capital                        capital (b)                    value                          moic (c)                  % public       value                          moic (c)             value                           moic (c)                  realized           total
(dollars/euros in thousands, except where noted)
real estate pre-brep                                       $140,714                       $-                             $-                                   n/a                  -             $345,190                            2.5x            $345,190                             2.5x                  33   %           33   %
brep i (sep 1994 / oct 1996)                              380,708                     -                                       -                   n/a                  -                      1,327,708                  2.8x                      1,327,708                  2.8x                  40   %           40   %
brep ii (oct 1996 / mar 1999)                           1,198,339                     -                                       -                   n/a                  -                      2,531,614                  2.1x                      2,531,614                  2.1x                  19   %           19   %
brep iii (apr 1999 / apr 2003)                          1,522,708                     -                                       -                   n/a                  -                      3,330,406                  2.4x                      3,330,406                  2.4x                  21   %           21   %
brep iv (apr 2003 / dec 2005)                           2,198,694                     -                                  89,243                  1.8x                  27   %                 4,544,926                  1.7x                      4,634,169                  1.7x                  13   %           12   %
brep v (dec 2005 / feb 2007) (e)                        5,539,418                     231,919                           191,895                  0.8x                  50   %                13,080,463                  2.4x                     13,272,358                  2.3x                  12   %           11   %
brep vi (feb 2007 / aug 2011) (e)                      11,060,444                     550,734                           512,439                  2.3x                  77   %                27,223,779                  2.5x                     27,736,218                  2.5x                  13   %           13   %
brep vii (aug 2011 / apr 2015)                         13,496,823                     1,525,946                       5,584,753                  1.2x                   6   %                23,030,962                  2.1x                     28,615,715                  1.8x                  22   %           14   %
brep viii (apr 2015 / jun 2019)                        16,567,256                     2,729,536                      13,706,200                  1.2x                  -                     13,362,963                  2.3x                     27,069,163                  1.6x                  29   %           14   %
*brep ix (jun 2019 / dec 2024)                         20,891,658                     14,175,042                      8,173,444                  1.2x                   6   %                 1,204,084                  1.4x                      9,377,528                  1.3x                 n/m               20   %
total global brep                              $72,996,762                    $19,213,177                    $28,257,974                         1.2x                   5   %        $89,982,095                         2.3x            $118,240,069                         1.9x                  18   %           15   %
brep int'l (jan 2001 / sep 2005)               €          824,172             €       -                      €                -                   n/a                  -             €        1,373,170                  2.1x            €         1,373,170                  2.1x                  23   %           23   %
brep int'l ii (sep 2005 / jun 2008) (f)                 1,629,748                     -                                       -                   n/a                  -                      2,576,670                  1.8x                      2,576,670                  1.8x                   8   %            8   %
brep europe iii (jun 2008 / sep 2013) (e)               3,205,167                     456,744                           362,083                  0.6x                  -                      5,738,120                  2.5x                      6,100,203                  2.1x                  20   %           14   %
brep europe iv (sep 2013 / dec 2016)                    6,710,146                     1,308,972                       2,441,555                  1.3x                  -                      9,045,059                  2.0x                     11,486,614                  1.8x                  22   %           14   %
brep europe v (dec 2016 / oct 2019)                     7,949,959                     1,563,722                       8,006,708                  1.3x                  -                        853,905                  2.8x                      8,860,613                  1.4x                  51   %            9   %
*brep europe vi (oct 2019 / apr 2025)                   9,786,439                     7,021,025                       2,670,641                  1.1x                   3   %                     4,800                   n/a                      2,675,441                  1.1x                 n/m                -
total brep europe                              €       30,105,631             €       10,350,463             €       13,480,987                  1.2x                   1   %        €       19,591,724                  2.1x            €        33,072,711                  1.6x                  16   %           12   %
continued ...
103
fund (investment period                               committed                       available                      unrealized investments                                                  realized investments                                 total investments                                                       net irrs (d)
beginning date / ending date) (a)                     capital                         capital (b)                    value                          moic (c)                  % public       value                           moic (c)             value                           moic (c)                  realized             total
(dollars/euros in thousands, except where noted)
real estate (continued)
brep asia i (jun 2013 / dec 2017)                     $4,598,089                      $1,277,077                     $3,227,787                          1.4x                  14   %        $4,422,796                           1.9x            $7,650,583                           1.7x                  21   %             12   %
*brep asia ii (dec 2017 / jun 2023)                             7,302,307                      3,989,162                      3,830,476                  1.2x                  10   %                    267,905                  1.5x                      4,098,381                  1.2x                  47   %              7   %
brep co-investment (g)                                          7,055,974                         52,499                        556,811                  1.4x                  -                      14,780,923                  2.2x                     15,337,734                  2.2x                  16   %             16   %
total brep                                            $128,730,171                    $37,176,041                    $51,343,542                         1.2x                   5   %        $134,129,927                         2.2x            $185,473,469                         1.8x                  17   %             15   %
*core+ bpp (various) (h)                              $n/a                            $n/a                           $43,373,269                          n/a                  -             $7,884,244                            n/a            $51,257,513                           n/a                 n/m                  9   %
*core+ breit (various) (i)                                            n/a                            n/a                     21,046,096                   n/a                  -                         706,600                   n/a                     21,752,696                   n/a                 n/a                  9   %
*breds high-yield (various) (j)                                19,991,345                      9,009,057                      3,983,786                  1.0x                  -                      13,213,838                  1.3x                     17,197,624                  1.2x                  11   %             10   %
private equity corporate private equity bcp i (oct 1987 / oct 1993)                           $859,081                        $-                             $-                                   n/a                  -             $1,741,738                           2.6x            $1,741,738                           2.6x                  19   %             19   %
bcp ii (oct 1993 / aug 1997)                                    1,361,100                              -                              -                   n/a                  -                       3,256,819                  2.5x                      3,256,819                  2.5x                  32   %             32   %
bcp iii (aug 1997 / nov 2002)                                   3,967,422                              -                              -                   n/a                  -                       9,184,688                  2.3x                      9,184,688                  2.3x                  14   %             14   %
bcom (jun 2000 / jun 2006)                                      2,137,330                         24,575                         12,891                   n/a                  -                       2,953,649                  1.4x                      2,966,540                  1.4x                   6   %              6   %
bcp iv (nov 2002 / dec 2005)                                    6,773,182                        188,664                        161,420                  2.0x                  -                      21,417,821                  2.9x                     21,579,241                  2.9x                  36   %             36   %
bcp v (dec 2005 / jan 2011)                                    21,009,112                      1,035,259                        534,817                  5.9x                  44   %                 37,465,460                  1.9x                     38,000,277                  1.9x                   8   %              8   %
bcp vi (jan 2011 / may 2016)                                   15,202,400                      1,164,970                     10,785,320                  1.8x                  48   %                 18,844,732                  2.2x                     29,630,052                  2.0x                  17   %             13   %
bcp vii (may 2016 / feb 2020)                                  18,853,440                      1,500,064                     23,833,391                  1.5x                   3   %                  2,127,704                  1.4x                     25,961,095                  1.5x                  20   %             15   %
*bcp viii (feb 2020 / feb 2026)                                24,839,835                     24,780,233                         55,918                   n/a                 100   %                          -                   n/a                         55,918                   n/a                 n/a                n/a energy i (aug 2011 / feb 2015)                                  2,441,558                        142,138                        707,832                  1.0x                  20   %                  3,332,406                  1.9x                      4,040,238                  1.7x                  15   %             10   %
energy ii (feb 2015 / feb 2020)                                 4,913,589                        452,250                      3,542,696                  0.9x                   8   %                    538,308                  0.8x                      4,081,004                  0.9x                 -18   %             -9   %
*energy iii (feb 2020 / feb 2026)                               4,230,317                      3,659,611                        740,313                  1.5x                  87   %                          -                   n/a                        740,313                  1.5x                 n/a                n/m
*bcp asia (dec 2017 / dec 2023)                                 2,407,749                      1,314,996                      1,882,785                  1.8x                  11   %                    160,023                  2.2x                      2,042,808                  1.8x                 145   %             35   %
*core private equity i (jan 2017 / jul 2021) (k)                4,756,127                      1,704,858                      5,140,800                  1.6x                  -                       1,007,863                  1.9x                      6,148,663                  1.7x                  33   %             20   %
core private equity ii (tbd) (k)                                8,160,000                      8,160,000                              -                   n/a                  -                               -                   n/a                              -                   n/a                 n/a                n/a total corporate private equity                        $121,912,242                    $44,127,618                    $47,398,183                         1.5x                  16   %        $102,031,211                         2.1x            $149,429,394                         1.8x                  16   %             15   %
continued ...
104
fund (investment period                                            committed                      available                     unrealized investments                                                 realized investments                                                            total investments       net irrs (d)
beginning date / ending date) (a)                                  capital                        capital (b)                   value                         moic (c)                  % public       value                          moic (c)                               value        moic (c)             realized                  total
(dollars/euros in thousands, except where noted)
private equity (continued)
tactical opportunities
*tactical opportunities (various)                                  $23,059,743                    $9,485,052                    $13,781,064                        1.3x                  11   %        $11,484,767                         1.8x                   $25,265,831                  1.4x            17         %             11   %
*tactical opportunities co-investment and other (various)                   8,752,000                     2,219,611                     3,412,302                  1.2x                   7   %                 5,404,166                  1.7x                     8,816,468                  1.5x            19         %             15   %
total tactical opportunities                                       $31,811,743                    $11,704,663                   $17,193,366                        1.3x                  10   %        $16,888,933                         1.7x                   $34,082,299                  1.4x            18         %             12   %
*blackstone growth (jul 2020 / jul 2025)                           $3,378,427                     $2,590,318                    $480,643                           n/m                    -            $-                                  n/a                       $480,643                   n/m                 n/a                n/m strategic partners (secondaries)
strategic partners i-v                                                     11,863,351                     1,163,562                       767,152                  n/m                    -                    17,047,367                  n/m                     17,814,519                  1.5x                 n/a                 13   %
(various) (l)
strategic partners vi (apr 2014 / apr 2016) (l)                             4,362,750                     1,231,443                     1,140,668                  n/m                    -                     3,420,227                  n/m                      4,560,895                  1.4x                 n/a                 13   %
strategic partners vii (may 2016 / mar 2019) (l)                            7,489,970                     2,236,145                     4,502,593                  n/m                    -                     2,501,199                  n/m                      7,003,792                  1.4x                 n/a                 13   %
strategic partners real assets ii (may 2017 / jun 2020) (l)                 1,749,807                       342,200                     1,146,290                  n/m                    -                       457,411                  n/m                      1,603,701                  1.2x                 n/a                 12   %
*strategic partners viii (mar 2019 / jul 2023) (l)                         10,763,600                     6,057,212                     3,116,224                  n/m                    -                       349,817                  n/m                      3,466,041                  1.3x                 n/a                 25   %
*strategic partners real estate, sma and other (various) (l)                7,678,498                     2,637,711                     2,721,040                  n/m                    -                     1,515,801                  n/m                      4,236,841                  1.2x                 n/a                 12   %
*strategic partners infra iii (jun 2020 / jul 2024) (l)                     3,250,100                     2,945,629                        95,680                  n/m                    -                             -                  n/a                         95,680                  1.9x                 n/a                n/m total strategic partners (secondaries)                             $47,158,076                    $16,613,902                   $13,489,647                        n/m                    -            $25,291,822                         n/m                    $38,781,469                  1.4x                 n/a                 13   %
*infrastructure (various)                                          $13,658,063                    $10,643,283                   $3,221,714                         1.1x                  19   %        $-                                  n/a                     $3,221,714                  1.1x                 n/a                  -
life sciences clarus iv (jan 2018 / jan 2020)                                               910,000                       376,877                       620,930                  1.3x                   3   %                    25,626                  1.3x                       646,556                  1.3x            15         %             11   %
*bxls v (jan 2020 / jan 2025)                                               4,711,227                     4,124,901                       659,008                  1.2x                  15   %                         -                  n/a                        659,008                  1.2x                 n/a                n/m continued ...
105
fund (investment period beginning date / ending date) (a)       committed                      available                      unrealized investments                                                 realized investments                                total investments                                  net irrs (d)
capital                        capital (b)
value                         moic (c)                       % public                      value                 moic (c)            value                        moic (c)              realized                      total
(dollars/euros in thousands, except where noted)
credit mezzanine / opportunistic i (jul 2007 / oct 2011)               $2,000,000                     $97,114                        $19,479                            1.0x                  -             $4,774,747                         1.6x             $4,794,226                         1.6x                n/a               17   %
mezzanine / opportunistic ii (nov 2011 / nov 2016)                      4,120,000                      1,033,222                        837,744                  0.6x                  -                     5,741,374                  1.6x                     6,579,118                  1.3x                n/a               10   %
*mezzanine / opportunistic iii (sep 2016 / sep 2021)                    6,639,133                      1,523,459                      5,183,034                  1.1x                  -                     2,714,002                  1.7x                     7,897,036                  1.2x                n/a               10   %
stressed / distressed i (sep 2009 / may 2013)                           3,253,143                         76,000                              -                   n/a                  -                     5,775,572                  1.3x                     5,775,572                  1.3x                n/a                9   %
stressed / distressed ii (jun 2013 / jun 2018)                          5,125,000                        552,970                        887,348                  0.7x                  -                     4,511,189                  1.2x                     5,398,537                  1.0x                n/a               -1   %
*stressed / distressed iii (dec 2017 / dec 2022)                        7,356,380                      3,913,986                      2,167,831                  0.9x                  -                     1,502,127                  1.4x                     3,669,958                  1.1x                n/a                2   %
energy i (nov 2015 / nov 2018)                                          2,856,867                        999,173                      1,459,608                  0.9x                  -                     1,236,203                  1.7x                     2,695,811                  1.2x                n/a                4   %
*energy ii (feb 2019 / feb 2024)                                        3,616,081                      2,797,654                        890,262                  1.1x                  -                       227,003                  1.6x                     1,117,265                  1.2x                n/a               23   %
european senior debt i (feb 2015 / feb 2019)                    €       1,964,689              €         267,442              €       1,684,033                  1.0x             2         %        €       1,428,233                  1.5x             €       3,112,266                  1.2x                n/a                5   %
*european senior debt ii (jun 2019 / jun 2024)                  €       4,088,344              €       3,362,428              €         921,206                  1.1x                  -             €         267,489                  1.1x             €       1,188,695                  1.1x                n/a               16   %
total credit drawdown funds (m)                                 $41,872,262                    $15,434,919                    $14,629,225                        1.0x                  -             $28,421,511                        1.4x             $43,050,736                        1.2x                n/a                9   %
*direct lending bdc bxsl (various) (n)                          $3,926,295                     $713,254                       $3,267,808                          n/a                  -             $267,134                            n/a             $3,534,942                          n/a                n/a                9   %
106
the returns presented herein represent those of the applicable blackstone funds and not those of blackstone.
n/m   not meaningful generally due to the limited time since initial investment.

n/a   not applicable.

*   represents funds that are currently in their investment period and open-ended funds.

(a)   excludes investment vehicles where blackstone does not earn fees.

(b)   available capital represents total investable capital commitments, including side-by-side, adjusted for certain expenses and expired or recallable capital and may include leverage, less invested capital. this amount is not reduced by outstanding commitments to investments.

(c)   multiple of invested capital ("moic") represents carrying value, before management fees, expenses and performance revenues, divided by invested capital.

(d)   unless otherwise indicated, net internal rate of return ("irr") represents the annualized inception to december 31, 2020 irr on total invested capital based on realized proceeds and unrealized value, as applicable, after management fees, expenses and performance revenues. irrs are calculated using actual timing of limited partner cash flows. initial inception date of cash flows may differ from the investment period beginning date.

(e)   effective december 31, 2020, available capital was updated to include uncalled capital commitments until they are legally expired, which increased available capital.

(f)   the 8% realized net irr and 8% total net irr exclude investors that opted out of the hilton investment opportunity. overall brep international ii performance reflects a 7% realized net irr and a 7% total net irr.

(g)   brep co-investment represents co-investment capital raised for various brep investments. the net irr reflected is calculated by aggregating each co-investment's realized proceeds and unrealized value, as applicable, after management fees, expenses and performance revenues.

(h)   bpp represents the core+ real estate funds which invest with a more modest risk profile and lower leverage. committed capital and available capital are not regularly reported to investors in our core+ strategy and are not applicable in the context of these funds.

(i)   unrealized investment value reflects breit's net asset value as of december 31, 2020. realized investment value represents breit's cash distributions, net of servicing fees. the breit net return reflects a per share blended return, assuming breit had a single share class, reinvestment of all dividends received during the period, and no upfront selling commission, net of all fees and expenses incurred by breit. these returns are not representative of the returns experienced by any particular investor or share class. inception to date net returns are presented on an annualized basis and are from january 1, 2017. committed capital and available capital are not regularly reported to investors in our core+ strategy and are not applicable in the context of this vehicle.

(j)   breds high-yield represents the flagship real estate debt drawdown funds only and excludes breds high-grade.

(k)   blackstone core equity partners is a core private equity strategy which invests with a more modest risk profile and longer hold period than traditional private equity.

(l)   realizations are treated as return of capital until fully recovered and therefore unrealized and realized moics are not meaningful. if information is not available on a timely basis, returns are calculated from results that are reported on a three month lag and therefore do not include the impact of economic and market activities in the quarter in which such events occur.

(m)   funds presented represent the flagship credit drawdown funds only. the total credit net irr is the combined irr of the credit drawdown funds presented.

(n)   unrealized investment value reflects bxsl's net asset value as of december 31, 2020. realized investment value represents bxsl's cash distributions. bxsl's net return is annualized and calculated since inception starting on november 20, 2018, as the change in net asset value ("nav") per share during the period, plus distributions per share (assuming dividends and distributions are reinvested in accordance with the company's dividend reinvestment plan) divided by the beginning nav per share.

segment analysis discussed below is our segment distributable earnings for each of our segments. this information is reflected in the manner utilized by our senior management to make operating decisions, assess performance and allocate resources. references to "our" sectors or investments may also refer to portfolio companies and investments of the underlying funds that we manage.
107
real estate the following table presents the results of operations for our real estate segment:
year ended december 31,                              2020 vs. 2019                             2019 vs. 2018
2020                         2019                          2018                                                   $             %                           $             %
(dollars in thousands)
management fees, net base management fees                              $1,553,483                    $1,116,183                      $985,399                  $437,300                39   %            $130,784                13   %
transaction and other fees, net                       98,225                       175,831                       152,513                   (77,606   )           -44   %              23,318                15   %
management fee offsets                               (13,020   )                   (26,836   )                   (11,442   )                13,816               -51   %             (15,394   )           135   %
total management fees, net                         1,638,688                     1,265,178                     1,126,470                   373,510                30   %             138,708                12   %
fee related performance revenues                     338,161                       198,237                       124,502                   139,924                71   %              73,735                59   %
fee related compensation                            (618,105   )                  (531,259   )                  (459,430   )               (86,846   )            16   %             (71,829   )            16   %
other operating expenses                            (183,132   )                  (168,332   )                  (146,260   )               (14,800   )             9   %             (22,072   )            15   %
fee related earnings                               1,175,612                       763,824                       645,282                   411,788                54   %             118,542                18   %
realized performance revenues                        787,768                     1,032,337                       914,984                  (244,569   )           -24   %             117,353                13   %
realized performance compensation                   (312,698   )                  (374,096   )                  (284,319   )                61,398               -16   %             (89,777   )            32   %
realized principal investment income                  24,764                        79,733                        92,525                   (54,969   )           -69   %             (12,792   )           -14   %
net realizations                                     499,834                       737,974                       723,190                  (238,140   )           -32   %              14,784                 2   %
segment distributable earnings                    $1,675,446                    $1,501,798                    $1,368,472                  $173,648                12   %            $133,326                10   %
n/m not meaningful.
year ended december 31, 2020 compared to year ended december 31, 2019
segment distributable earnings were $1.7 billion for the year ended december 31, 2020, an increase of $173.6 million, or 12%, compared to $1.5 billion for the year ended december 31, 2019. the increase in segment distributable earnings was primarily attributable to an increase of $411.8 million in fee related earnings, partially offset by a decrease of $238.1 million in net realizations.
segment distributable earnings in our real estate segment in 2020 were higher compared to 2019. this was primarily driven by increased fee related earnings due to the end of brep ix's fee holiday in 2019, the commencement of brep europe vi's investment period in the fourth quarter of 2019 along with the end of its fee holiday in the first quarter of 2020 and growth in fee-earning assets under management in core+ real estate, partially offset by decreased net realizations. the global economy has, with certain setbacks, continued to reopen following the onset of the covid-19 pandemic and the related shutdowns or limitations in the operations of certain non-essential businesses. market rebounds across many asset classes have contributed to capital deployment, realization and fundraising activity. progress on covid-19 vaccine production and distribution, together with continued support from previously implemented fiscal and monetary stimulus, have aided the continuing economic recovery and could potentially accelerate such recovery. although certain investments in our real estate portfolio, such as those in the hospitality and retail sectors and in select office and residential assets in urban locations, have been materially impacted and could continue to be adversely affected, the majority of our aggregate global real estate portfolio in brep and core+ real estate businesses is in sectors that we believe are more resilient to the impact of covid-19. nevertheless, the recovery could remain uneven and characterized by
108
meaningful dispersion across sectors and regions, particularly given uncertainty with respect to the distribution and acceptance of the vaccines. the resurgence in covid-19 infection levels in certain geographies and a potential resulting market downturn may pose material risks. these risks potentially create additional pressure for certain of our portfolio companies' and investments' liquidity needs and their ability to meet financial obligations, including by adversely impacting operational performance. we have not experienced a period of significant dislocation since the first quarter of 2020, during which the liquidity of certain assets traded in the credit markets was limited. nonetheless, another period of such dislocation would impact the value of certain assets held by our funds, such funds' ability to sell assets at attractive prices or in a timely manner in order to avoid losses and the likelihood of margin calls from credit providers. a continuing market recovery, however, could contribute to increased activity over the longer term.
we have also seen a continuing focus toward rent regulation as a means to address residential affordability caused by undersupply of housing in certain markets in the u.s. and europe, as well as an increasing focus on the institution of eviction limitations in response to the covid-19 pandemic in the u.s. in addition, the new presidential administration and the u.s. congress may introduce new or enforce existing policies and regulations that may create uncertainty for our business and investment strategies and could have an adverse impact on us and our portfolio companies. such conditions (which may be across industries, sectors or geographies) may contribute to adverse operating performance, including moderated rent growth in certain markets in our residential portfolio. see "part i. item 1a. risk factors - risks related to our business - the global outbreak of the novel coronavirus, or covid-19, has caused severe disruptions in the u.s. and global economies and has adversely impacted, and may continue to adversely impact, our performance and results of operations", "- difficult market and geopolitical conditions can adversely affect our business in many ways, each of which could materially reduce our revenue, earnings and cash flow and adversely affect our financial prospects and condition" and "- a period of economic slowdown, which may be across one or more industries, sectors or geographies, has contributed and could in the future contribute to adverse operating performance for certain of our funds' investments, which would adversely affect our operating results and cash flows."
fee related earnings fee related earnings were $1.2 billion for the year ended december 31, 2020, an increase of $411.8 million, or 54%, compared to $763.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the increase in fee related earnings was primarily attributable to increases of $373.5 million in management fees, net and $139.9 million in fee related performance revenues, partially offset by an increase of $86.8 million in fee related compensation.
management fees, net were $1.6 billion for the year ended december 31, 2020, an increase of $373.5 million compared to $1.3 billion for the year ended december 31, 2019, primarily driven by an increase in base management fees. base management fees increased $437.3 million primarily due to the end of brep ix's fee holiday in 2019, the commencement of brep europe vi's investment period in the fourth quarter of 2019 along with the end of its fee holiday in the first quarter of 2020 and fee-earning assets under management growth in core+ real estate.
the annualized base management fee rate increased from 1.02% at december 31, 2019 to 1.14% at december 31, 2020. the increase was principally due to brep ix, the majority of which was under a base management fee holiday in 2019, and brep europe vi, which commenced its investment period in the fourth quarter of 2019 and came out of its fee holiday in the first quarter of 2020.
fee related performance revenues were $338.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, an increase of $139.9 million, compared to $198.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the increase was primarily due to crystallization events in bpp europe, a bpp u.s. co-investment and an increase in breit's net asset value.
fee related compensation was $618.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, an increase of $86.8 million, compared to $531.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the increase was primarily due to increases in management fees, net and fee related performance revenues, on which a portion of fee related compensation is based.
109
net realizations net realizations were $499.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, a decrease of $238.1 million, compared to $738.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the decrease in net realizations was primarily attributable to decreases of $244.6 million in realized performance revenues and $55.0 million in realized principal investment income, partially offset by a decrease of $61.4 million in realized performance compensation.
realized performance revenues were $787.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, a decrease of $244.6 million, compared to $1.0 billion for the year ended december 31, 2019. the decrease was due to lower realized gains as a result of market impacts of covid-19 in the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the year ended december 31, 2019.
realized principal investment income was $24.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, a decrease of $55.0 million, compared to $79.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the decrease was primarily due to redemptions in breds funds in the year ended december 31, 2019 and lower realized gains in brep funds in the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the year ended december 31, 2019.
realized performance compensation was $312.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, a decrease of $61.4 million, compared to $374.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the decrease was primarily due to the decrease in realized performance revenues.
fund returns fund return information for our significant funds is included throughout this discussion and analysis to facilitate an understanding of our results of operations for the periods presented. the fund returns information reflected in this discussion and analysis is not indicative of the financial performance of blackstone and is also not necessarily indicative of the future performance of any particular fund. an investment in blackstone is not an investment in any of our funds. there can be no assurance that any of our funds or our other existing and future funds will achieve similar returns.
110
the following table presents the internal rates of return, except where noted, of our significant real estate funds:
year ended december 31,                                                december 31, 2020
inception to date
2020                                2019                              2018                                                       realized                            total fund (a)                           gross               net            gross              net              gross                net         gross               net            gross             net brep iv                          66   %            106   %           90   %           66   %           -14   %            -12    %       23   %            13   %           22   %           12   %
brep v                          -13   %            -11   %           16   %           13   %            -6   %             -5    %       15   %            12   %           14   %           11   %
brep vi                         -16   %            -15   %           34   %           28   %             7   %              5    %       18   %            13   %           17   %           13   %
brep vii                        -22   %            -20   %           15   %           12   %             3   %              2    %       30   %            22   %           21   %           14   %
brep viii                        10   %              7   %           20   %           15   %            20   %             14    %       36   %            29   %           20   %           14   %
brep ix                          35   %             21   %           n/   m           n/   m            n/   a             n/    a       n/   m            n/   m           35   %           20   %
brep europe iii (b)             -14   %            -11   %            1   %           -1   %           -18   %            -15    %       30   %            20   %           22   %           14   %
brep europe iv (b)              -17   %            -15   %           13   %           10   %            20   %             14    %       31   %            22   %           21   %           14   %
brep europe v (b)                 1   %                  -           20   %           14   %            25   %             17    %       67   %            51   %           15   %            9   %
brep europe vi (b)               14   %                  -           n/   m           n/   m            n/   a              n   /a       n/   m            n/   m           11   %                -
brep asia i                      -5   %             -5   %           19   %           14   %            10   %              7    %       29   %            21   %           18   %           12   %
brep asia ii                      8   %              4   %           27   %           16   %            n/   m             n/    m       74   %            47   %           14   %            7   %
brep co-investment (c)           33   %             32   %           20   %           13   %            -1   %                   -       18   %            16   %           18   %           16   %
bpp (d)                           7   %              6   %           10   %            8   %            11   %             10    %       n/   m            n/   m           11   %            9   %
breds high-yield (e)              5   %              1   %           17   %           13   %             9   %              4    %       15   %            11   %           14   %           10   %
breds high-grade (e)              2   %              1   %            8   %            7   %             7   %              5    %        8   %             6   %            5   %            4   %
breds liquid (f)                -10   %            -11   %           13   %           10   %             6   %              4    %        n   /a            n   /a           9   %            6   %
bxmt (g)                          n   /a           -18   %           n/   a           25   %             n   /a             7    %        n   /a            n   /a           n   /a           9   %
breit (h)                         n   /a             7   %           n/   a           12   %             n   /a             8    %        n   /a            n   /a           n   /a           9   %
the returns presented herein represent those of the applicable blackstone funds and not those of blackstone.
n/m   not meaningful generally due to the limited time since initial investment.

n/a   not applicable.

(a)   net returns are based on the change in carrying value (realized and unrealized) after management fees, expenses and performance revenues.

(b)   euro-based internal rates of return.

(c)   brep co-investment represents co-investment capital raised for various brep investments. the net irr reflected is calculated by aggregating each co-investment's realized proceeds and unrealized value, as applicable, after management fees, expenses and performance revenues.

(d)   bpp represents the core+ real estate funds which invest with a more modest risk profile and lower leverage.

(e)   breds high-yield represents the flagship real estate debt drawdown funds and excludes the breds high-grade drawdown fund, which has a different risk-return profile. inception to date returns are from july 1, 2009 and july 1, 2017 for breds high-yield and breds high-grade, respectively.

(f)   breds liquid represents breds funds that invest in liquid real estate debt securities, except funds in liquidation and insurance mandates with specific investment objectives. the returns presented represent summarized asset-weighted gross and net rates of return from august 1, 2008. inception to date returns are presented on an annualized basis.

(g)   reflects annualized return of a shareholder invested in bxmt as of the beginning of each period presented, assuming reinvestment of all dividends received during the period, and net of all fees and expenses incurred by bxmt. return incorporates the closing nyse stock price as of each period end. inception to date returns are from may 22, 2013.

111
(h)   reflects a per share blended return for each respective period, assuming breit had a single share class, reinvestment of all dividends received during the period, and no upfront selling commission, net of all fees and expenses incurred by breit. these returns are not representative of the returns experienced by any particular investor or share class. inception to date returns are presented on an annualized basis and are from january 1, 2017.

funds with closed investment periods the real estate segment has eleven funds with closed investment periods as of december 31, 2020: brep viii, brep vii, brep vi, brep v, brep iv, brep europe v, brep europe iv, brep europe ill, brep asia i, breds ill and breds ii. as of december 31, 2020, brep vii, brep vi, brep v, brep iv, brep europe iv, brep europe ill and breds ii were above their carried interest thresholds and would have been above their carried interest thresholds even if all remaining investments were valued at zero. brep viii, brep europe v, brep asia i and breds iii were above their carried interest thresholds.
private equity the following table presents the results of operations for our private equity segment:
year ended december 31,                              2020 vs. 2019      2019 vs. 2018
2020                         2019                         2018                                                 $             %      $                                   %
(dollars in thousands)
management and advisory fees, net base management fees                                   $1,232,028                     $986,482                    $785,223                  $245,546                25   %      $201,259                       26   %
transaction, advisory and other fees, net                  82,440                      115,174                      58,165                   (32,734   )           -28   %               57,009                98   %
management fee offsets                                    (44,628   )                  (37,327   )                 (13,504   )                (7,301   )            20   %              (23,823   )           176   %
total management and advisory fees, net                 1,269,840                    1,064,329                     829,884                   205,511                19   %              234,445                28   %
fee related compensation                                 (455,538   )                 (423,752   )                (375,446   )               (31,786   )             8   %              (48,306   )            13   %
other operating expenses                                 (195,213   )                 (160,010   )                (133,096   )               (35,203   )            22   %              (26,914   )            20   %
fee related earnings                                      619,089                      480,567                     321,342                   138,522                29   %              159,225                50   %
realized performance revenues                             877,493                      468,992                     757,406                   408,501                87   %             (288,414   )           -38   %
realized performance compensation                        (366,949   )                 (192,566   )                (318,167   )              (174,383   )            91   %              125,601               -39   %
realized principal investment income                       72,089                       90,249                     109,731                   (18,160   )           -20   %              (19,482   )           -18   %
net realizations                                          582,633                      366,675                     548,970                   215,958                59   %             (182,295   )           -33   %
segment distributable earnings                         $1,201,722                     $847,242                    $870,312                  $354,480                42   %      $(23,070          )            -3   %
n/m not meaningful.
year ended december 31, 2020 compared to year ended december 31, 2019
segment distributable earnings were $1.2 billion for the year ended december 31, 2020, an increase of $354.5 million, or 42%, compared to $847.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the increase in segment distributable earnings was primarily attributable to increases of $138.5 million in fee related earnings and $216.0 million in net realizations.
segment distributable earnings in our private equity segment in 2020 were higher compared to 2019. this was primarily driven by an increase in fee related earnings from growth in fee-earning assets under management and an increase in net realizations due to higher realized performance revenue, partially offset by an increase in realized performance compensation. the global economy has, with certain setbacks, continued to reopen following the onset of the covid-19 pandemic and the related shutdowns or limitations in the operations of certain non-essential businesses. market rebounds across many asset classes have contributed to capital deployment, realization and fundraising activity. progress on covid-19 vaccine production and distribution,
112
together with continued support from previously implemented fiscal and monetary stimulus, have aided the continuing economic recovery and could potentially accelerate such recovery. although certain investments in our private equity portfolio, such as those in the travel, leisure and events sectors, have experienced material reductions in value and could continue to be adversely impacted, the majority of our aggregate non-energy portfolio in our corporate private funds is in sectors that we believe are more resilient to the impact of covid-19. nevertheless, the recovery could remain uneven and characterized by meaningful dispersion across sectors and regions, particularly given uncertainty with respect to the distribution and acceptance of the vaccines. the resurgence in covid-19 infection levels in certain geographies and a potential resulting market downturn may pose material risks. these risks potentially create additional pressure for certain of our portfolio companies' liquidity needs and their ability to meet financial obligations. a continuing market recovery, however, could contribute to increased activity over the longer term.
in energy, oil prices have stabilized since the significant declines experienced in the first quarter of 2020. nonetheless, weakened market fundamentals continue to pose challenges, particularly in upstream energy, which represents 3% of the private equity segment's investment portfolio and less than 2% of blackstone's aggregate investment portfolio. an increased focus on energy sustainability due to concerns about climate change and the impact of carbon emissions, including potential alternatives to fossil fuels, has also exacerbated the impact of such weakened market fundamentals. the persistence of these weakened market fundamentals would further negatively impact the performance of certain investments in our energy and corporate private equity funds.
in addition, the new presidential administration and the u.s. congress may introduce new or enforce existing policies and regulations that may create uncertainty for our business and investment strategies and could have an adverse impact on us and our portfolio companies. for example, new policies seeking to increase the corporate tax rate or raise the minimum wage could adversely affect our business and the profitability of our portfolio companies. see "part i. item 1a. risk factors - risks related to our business - the global outbreak of the novel coronavirus, or covid-19, has caused severe disruptions in the u.s. and global economies and has adversely impacted, and may continue to adversely impact, our performance and results of operations", "- difficult market and geopolitical conditions can adversely affect our business in many ways, each of which could materially reduce our revenue, earnings and cash flow and adversely affect our financial prospects and condition" and "- a period of economic slowdown, which may be across one or more industries, sectors or geographies, has contributed and could in the future contribute to adverse operating performance for certain of our funds' investments, which would adversely affect our operating results and cash flows."
fee related earnings fee related earnings were $619.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, an increase of $138.5 million, or 29%, compared to $480.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the increase in fee related earnings was primarily attributable to an increase of $205.5 million in management and advisory fees, net, partially offset by increases of $35.2 million in other operating expenses and $31.8 million in fee related compensation.
management and advisory fees, net were $1.3 billion for the year ended december 31, 2020, an increase of $205.5 million compared to $1.1 billion for the year ended december 31, 2019, primarily driven by an increase in base management fees. base management fees increased $245.5 million primarily due to the end of bcp viii, bep iii and bxls v's fee holidays during the third quarter of 2020 and a full year of base management fees from strategic partners viii.
other operating expenses were $195.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, an increase of $35.2 million, compared to $160.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the increase was primarily due to growth in our bip, tactical opportunities and bxls businesses, partially offset by less travel and entertainment expenses in the year ended december 31, 2020 due to covid-19.
113
fee related compensation was $455.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, an increase of $31.8 million, compared to $423.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the increase was primarily due to an increase in management and advisory fees, net on which a portion of fee related compensation is based.
net realizations net realizations were $582.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, an increase of $216.0 million, or 59%, compared to $366.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the increase in net realizations was primarily attributable to an increase of $408.5 million in realized performance revenues, partially offset by an increase of $174.4 million in realized performance compensation and a decrease of $18.2 million in realized principal investment income.
realized performance revenues were $877.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, an increase of $408.5 million, compared to $469.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the increase was primarily due to higher realized performance revenues in corporate private equity and tactical opportunities.
realized performance compensation was $366.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, an increase of $174.4 million, compared to $192.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the increase was primarily due to the increase in realized performance revenues.
realized principal investment income was $72.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, a decrease of $18.2 million, compared to $90.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the decrease was primarily due to a decrease of realized principal investment income in corporate private equity.
fund returns fund returns information for our significant funds is included throughout this discussion and analysis to facilitate an understanding of our results of operations for the periods presented. the fund returns information reflected in this discussion and analysis is not indicative of the financial performance of blackstone and is also not necessarily indicative of the future performance of any particular fund. an investment in blackstone is not an investment in any of our funds. there can be no assurance that any of our funds or our other existing and future funds will achieve similar returns.
114
the following table presents the internal rates of return of our significant private equity funds:
year ended december 31,                                                december 31, 2020
inception to date
2020                               2019                                2018                                                  realized                             total fund (a)                                                  gross               net             gross               net            gross              net        gross               net            gross              net bcp iv                                                  -15   %           -15   %            68   %            51   %            6   %            5   %       50   %            36   %           50   %           36   %
bcp v                                                    14   %             5   %           -14   %            -4   %           -6   %           -5   %       10   %             8   %           10   %            8   %
bcp vi                                                   18   %            16   %             4   %             3   %           17   %           14   %       22   %            17   %           17   %           13   %
bcp vii                                                  11   %             9   %            24   %            18   %           43   %           28   %       32   %            20   %           23   %           15   %
bcp asia                                                 56   %            42   %            43   %            24   %           n/   m           n/   m      292   %           145   %           56   %           35   %
bep i                                                   -19   %           -18   %                 -                 -           18   %           15   %       19   %            15   %           13   %           10   %
bep ii                                                  -31   %           -31   %            -5   %            -3   %           32   %           20   %       -8   %           -18   %           -5   %           -9   %
bcom                                                     -4   %            -5   %           -22   %           -23   %            3   %            2   %       13   %             6   %           13   %            6   %
bcep i (b)                                               33   %            29   %            24   %            20   %           n/   m           n/   m       37   %            33   %           23   %           20   %
bip                                                       6   %             1   %            n/   m            n/   m           n/   a           n/   a       n/   a            n/   a            6   %                -
clarus iv                                                 3   %                 -            68   %            46   %           n/   m           n/   m       26   %            15   %           24   %           11   %
tactical opportunities                                   19   %            15   %            10   %             6   %           13   %            9   %       21   %            17   %           15   %           11   %
tactical opportunities co-investment and other           14   %            11   %            15   %            14   %           13   %           11   %       21   %            19   %           18   %           15   %
strategic partners i-v (c)                               -4   %            -5   %                 -            -1   %            9   %            6   %       n/   a            n/   a           16   %           13   %
strategic partners vi (c)                                -9   %            -9   %            -4   %            -5   %           18   %           15   %       n/   a            n/   a           18   %           13   %
strategic partners vii (c)                               -7   %            -8   %            12   %            10   %           32   %           26   %       n/   a            n/   a           18   %           13   %
strategic partners real assets ii (c)                    10   %             6   %            21   %            17   %           33   %           22   %       n/   a            n/   a           18   %           12   %
strategic partners viii (c)                               6   %             2   %            n/   m            n/   m           n/   a           n/   a       n/   a            n/   a           38   %           25   %
strategic partners re, sma and other (c)                  2   %             2   %            19   %            18   %           15   %           13   %       n/   a            n/   a           16   %           12   %
the returns presented herein represent those of the applicable blackstone funds and not those of blackstone.
n/m   not meaningful generally due to the limited time since initial investment.

n/a   not applicable.

(a)   net returns are based on the change in carrying value (realized and unrealized) after management fees, expenses and performance revenues.

(b)   bcep is a core private equity strategy which invests with a more modest risk profile and longer hold period than traditional private equity.

(c)   realizations are treated as return of capital until fully recovered and therefore inception to date realized returns are not applicable. if information is not available on a timely basis, returns are calculated from results that are reported on a three month lag and therefore do not include the impact of economic and market activities in the quarter in which such events occur.

funds with closed investment periods the corporate private equity funds within the private equity segment have seven funds with closed investment periods: bcp iv, bcp v, bcp vi, bcp vii, bcom, bep i and bep ii. as of december 31, 2020, bcp iv was above its carried interest threshold (i.e., the preferred return payable to its limited partners before the general partner is eligible to receive carried interest) and would still be above its carried interest threshold even if all remaining investments were valued at zero. bcp v is comprised of two fund classes based on the timings of fund closings, the bcp v "main fund" and bcp v-ac fund. within these fund classes, the general partner is subject to equalization such that (a) the general partner accrues carried interest when the respective carried interest for
115
either fund class is positive and (b) the general partner realizes carried interest so long as clawback obligations, if any, for either of the respective fund classes are fully satisfied. as of december 31, 2020, bcp v was below its carried interest threshold, while bcp v-ac was above its carried interest threshold. bcp vi, bcp vii, bcom and bep i were above their respective carried interest thresholds. we are entitled to retain previously realized carried interest up to 20% of bcom's net gains. as a result, performance revenues are recognized from bcom on current period gains and losses. bep ii was below its carried interest threshold.
hedge fund solutions the following table presents the results of operations for our hedge fund solutions segment:
year ended december 31,                            2020 vs. 2019                             2019 vs. 2018
2020                       2019                        2018                                              $   %                                     $   %
(dollars in thousands)
management fees, net base management fees                              $582,830                    $556,730                    $519,782                $26,100                 5%                $36,948                 7%
transaction and other fees, net                      5,899                       3,533                       3,180                  2,366                67%                    353                11%
management fee offsets                                (650   )                    (138   )                     (93   )               (512   )           371%                    (45   )            48%
total management fees, net                         588,079                     560,125                     522,869                 27,954                 5%                 37,256                 7%
fee related compensation                          (161,713   )                (151,960   )                (162,172   )             (9,753   )             6%                 10,212                -6%
other operating expenses                           (79,758   )                 (81,999   )                 (77,772   )              2,241                -3%                 (4,227   )             5%
fee related earnings                               346,608                     326,166                     282,925                 20,442                 6%                 43,241                15%
realized performance revenues                      179,789                     126,576                      42,419                 53,213                42%                 84,157               198%
realized performance compensation                  (31,224   )                 (24,301   )                 (21,792   )             (6,923   )            28%                 (2,509   )            12%
realized principal investment income                54,110                      21,707                      17,039                 32,403               149%                  4,668                27%
net realizations                                   202,675                     123,982                      37,666                 78,693                63%                 86,316               229%
segment distributable earnings                    $549,283                    $450,148                    $320,591                $99,135                22%               $129,557                40%
n/m    not meaningful.
year ended december 31, 2020 compared to year ended december 31, 2019
segment distributable earnings were $549.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, an increase of $99.1 million, or 22%, compared to $450.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the increase in segment distributable earnings was primarily attributable to increases of $20.4 million in fee related earnings and $78.7 million in net realizations.
segment distributable earnings in our hedge fund solutions segment in 2020 were higher compared to 2019. this increase was primarily driven by increased realized performance revenues and realized principal investment income, partially offset by increased realized performance compensation. the global economy has, with certain setbacks, continued to reopen following the onset of the covid-19 pandemic and the related shutdowns or limitations in the operations of certain non-essential businesses. following a more muted period since the onset of the covid-19 pandemic, the market has experienced rebounds across many asset classes, and our hedge fund solutions segment largely recovered from the losses in composite returns experienced in the first quarter of 2020. the segment has also benefited from the recovery of liquidity in the market during the second half of 2020. progress on covid-19 vaccine production and distribution, together with continued support from previously implemented fiscal and monetary stimulus, have aided the continuing economic recovery and could potentially accelerate such recovery. nevertheless, the recovery could remain uneven and characterized by meaningful dispersion across sectors and regions, particularly given uncertainty with respect to the distribution and acceptance of the vaccines. the resurgence in covid-19 infection levels in certain geographies and a potential resulting market downturn may pose material risks to our hedge fund solutions segment, including by potentially causing investors to seek liquidity in the form of redemptions from our funds and adversely impacting management fees. we have not experienced a period of significant dislocation since the first quarter of 2020,
116
during which the liquidity of certain assets traded in the credit markets was limited. nonetheless, another period of such dislocation would impact the value of certain assets held by our funds, such funds' ability to sell such assets at attractive prices or in a timely manner in order to avoid losses and the likelihood of margin calls from credit providers. in addition, future market uncertainty could slow the pace of fundraising in our hedge fund solutions segment, which may result in a delay in management fees. a continuing market recovery, however, could contribute to increased activity over the longer term.
in an equity market environment that generally has been characterized by relatively low volatility, investors may choose to reallocate capital away from traditional hedge fund strategies. our hedge fund solutions segment operates multiple business lines, manages strategies that are both long and short asset classes and generates a majority of its revenue through management fees. in that regard, the segment's revenues will depend in part on our ability to successfully grow such existing diverse business lines and strategies, and identify new ones to meet evolving investor appetites. over time we expect an increasing change in the mix of our product offerings to products whose performance-based fees represent a more significant proportion of the fees than has historically been the case for such products.
in addition, the new presidential administration and the u.s. congress may introduce new or enforce existing policies and regulations that may create uncertainty for our business and investment strategies and may adversely affect the profitability of certain of our investments. see "part i. item 1a. risk factors - risks related to our business - the global outbreak of the novel coronavirus, or covid-19, has caused severe disruptions in the u.s. and global economies and has adversely impacted, and may continue to adversely impact, our performance and results of operations", "- difficult market and geopolitical conditions can adversely affect our business in many ways, each of which could materially reduce our revenue, earnings and cash flow and adversely affect our financial prospects and condition" and "- a period of economic slowdown, which may be across one or more industries, sectors or geographies, has contributed and could in the future contribute to adverse operating performance for certain of our funds' investments, which would adversely affect our operating results and cash flows."
fee related earnings fee related earnings were $346.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, an increase of $20.4 million, compared to $326.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the increase in fee related earnings was primarily attributable to an increase of $28.0 million in management fees, net, partially offset by an increase of $9.8 million in fee related compensation.
management fees, net were $588.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, an increase of $28.0 million, compared to $560.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, primarily driven by an increase in base management fees. base management fees increased $26.1 million primarily driven by fee-earning assets under management growth in our individual investor and specialized solutions platform.
fee related compensation was $161.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, an increase of $9.8 million, compared to $152.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the increase was primarily due to an increase in management fees, net, on which a portion of fee related compensation is based.
net realizations net realizations were $202.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, an increase of $78.7 million, or 63%, compared to $124.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the increase in net realizations was primarily attributable to increases of $53.2 million in realized performance revenues and $32.4 million in realized principal investment income, partially offset by an increase of $6.9 million in realized performance compensation.
realized performance revenues were $179.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, an increase of $53.2 million, compared to $126.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the increase was primarily driven by higher returns in our individual investor and specialized solutions platform compared to the year ended december 31, 2019.
117
realized principal investment income was $54.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, an increase of $32.4 million, compared to $21.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the increase was primarily due to the realized gains on our corporate treasury investments allocated to the segment.
realized performance compensation was $31.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, an increase of $6.9 million, compared to $24.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the increase was primarily due to the increase in realized performance revenues.
composite returns composite returns information is included throughout this discussion and analysis to facilitate an understanding of our results of operations for the periods presented. the composite returns information reflected in this discussion and analysis is not indicative of the financial performance of blackstone and is also not necessarily indicative of the future results of any particular fund or composite. an investment in blackstone is not an investment in any of our funds or composites. there can be no assurance that any of our funds or composites or our other existing and future funds or composites will achieve similar returns.
the following table presents the return information of the baam principal solutions composite:
average annual returns (a)
periods ended december 31, 2020
one year                        three year                      five year                       historical composite                                gross           net             gross           net             gross           net             gross           net baam principal solutions composite (b)   5       %       5       %       5       %       4       %       5       %       5       %       7       %       6       %
the returns presented herein represent those of the applicable blackstone funds and not those of blackstone.
(a)   composite returns present a summarized asset-weighted return measure to evaluate the overall performance of the applicable class of blackstone funds.

(b)   baam's principal solutions ("bps") composite covers the period from january 2000 to present, although baam's inception date is september 1990. the bps composite includes only baam-managed commingled and customized multi-manager funds and accounts. none of the other platforms/strategies managed through the blackstone hedge fund solutions group are included in the composite (except for investments by bps funds/accounts directly into those platforms/strategies). baam-managed funds in liquidation and non-fee-paying assets (in the case of net returns) are excluded from the composite. the funds/accounts that comprise the bps composite are not managed within a single fund or account and are managed with different mandates. there is no guarantee that baam would have made the same mix of investments in a standalone fund/account. the bps composite is not an investible product and, as such, the performance of the bps composite does not represent the performance of an actual fund or account. the historical return is from january 1, 2000.

118
operating metrics the following table presents information regarding our invested performance eligible assets under management:
invested performance                                                         estimated % above eligible assets under                                                        high water management                                                                   mark/benchmark (a)
december 31,                                                                 december 31,
2020                     2019                      2018                      2020            2019            2018
(dollars in thousands)
hedge fund solutions managed funds (b)       $47,088,501               $43,789,081               $42,393,275              75      %       91      %       46      %
(a)   estimated % above high water mark/benchmark represents the percentage of invested performance eligible assets under management that as of the dates presented would earn performance fees when the applicable hedge fund solutions managed fund has positive investment performance relative to a benchmark, where applicable. incremental positive performance in the applicable blackstone funds may cause additional assets to reach their respective high water mark or clear a benchmark return, thereby resulting in an increase in estimated % above high water mark/benchmark.

(b)   for the hedge fund solutions managed funds, at december 31, 2020, the incremental appreciation needed for the 25% of invested performance eligible assets under management below their respective high water marks/benchmarks to reach their respective high water marks/benchmarks was $622.9 million, an increase of $118.6 million, compared to $504.3 million at december 31, 2019. of the invested performance eligible assets under management below their respective high water marks/ benchmarks as of december 31, 2020, 49% were within 5% of reaching their respective high water mark.

credit & insurance the following table presents the results of operations for our credit & insurance segment:
year ended december 31,      2020 vs. 2019                                                     2019 vs. 2018
2020                       2019                        2018                           $                        %                                     $   %
(dollars in thousands)
management fees, net base management fees                              $603,713                    $586,535                    $553,921           $17,178                        3%                $32,614                 6%
transaction and other fees, net                     21,311                      19,882                      15,640                    1,429                 7%                  4,242                27%
management fee offsets                             (10,466   )                 (11,813   )                 (12,332   )                1,347               -11%                    519                -4%
total management fees, net                         614,558                     594,604                     557,229                   19,954                 3%                 37,375                 7%
fee related performance revenues                    40,515                      13,764                        (666   )               26,751               194%                 14,430                n/m fee related compensation                          (261,214   )                (229,607   )                (219,098   )              (31,607   )            14%                (10,509   )             5%
other operating expenses                          (165,114   )                (160,801   )                (131,200   )               (4,313   )             3%                (29,601   )            23%
fee related earnings                               228,745                     217,960                     206,265                   10,785                 5%                 11,695                 6%
realized performance revenues                       20,943                      32,737                      96,962                  (11,794   )           -36%                (64,225   )           -66%
realized performance compensation                   (3,476   )                 (12,972   )                 (53,863   )                9,496               -73%                 40,891               -76%
realized principal investment income                 7,970                      32,466                      16,763                  (24,496   )           -75%                 15,703                94%
net realizations                                    25,437                      52,231                      59,862                  (26,794   )           -51%                 (7,631   )           -13%
segment distributable earnings                    $254,182                    $270,191                    $266,127           $(16,009         )            -6%                 $4,064                 2%
n/m    not meaningful.
119
year ended december 31, 2020 compared to year ended december 31, 2019
segment distributable earnings were $254.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, a decrease of $16.0 million, compared to $270.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the decrease in segment distributable earnings was primarily attributable to a decrease of $26.8 million in net realizations, partially offset by an increase of $10.8 million in fee related earnings.
segment distributable earnings in our credit & insurance segment in 2020 were lower compared to 2019, driven by lower net realizations due to lower realized principal investment income and realized performance revenues. the global economy has, with certain setbacks, continued to reopen following the onset of the covid-19 pandemic and the related shutdowns or limitations in the operations of certain non-essential businesses. although the pandemic has adversely impacted and could continue to adversely impact the performance of our credit & insurance segment, the majority of the segment's portfolio is in sectors that we believe are more resilient to the impact of covid-19. the market has experienced rebounds across many asset classes, and our credit & insurance segment largely recovered from the losses in composite returns experienced in the first quarter of 2020. the segment has also benefited from the recovery of liquidity in the market during the second half of 2020. the continuing recovery has also contributed to capital deployment, realization and fundraising activity. progress on covid-19 vaccine production and distribution, together with continued support from previously implemented fiscal and monetary stimulus, have also aided the continuing recovery and could potentially accelerate such recovery. nevertheless, the recovery could remain uneven and characterized by meaningful dispersion across sectors and regions, particularly given uncertainty with respect to the distribution and acceptance of the vaccines. the resurgence in covid-19 infection levels in certain geographies and a potential resulting market downturn may pose material risks, which potentially create additional pressure for borrowers with respect to their ability to meet their debt payment obligations or increase their focus on deleveraging. our credit & insurance funds have, however, continued to actively manage their portfolios in order to limit downside and protect capital. further, we have not experienced a period of significant dislocation since the first quarter of 2020, during which the liquidity of certain assets traded in the credit markets was limited. nonetheless, another period of such dislocation would impact the value of certain assets held by our funds and such funds' ability to sell such assets at attractive prices or in a timely manner, each of which would adversely impact performance revenues in our credit & insurance segment. a continuing market recovery, however, could contribute to increased activity over the longer term.
in energy, oil prices have stabilized since the significant declines experienced in the first quarter of 2020. nonetheless, weakened market fundamentals continue to pose challenges, particularly in upstream energy, which represents 3% of the credit & insurance segment's investment portfolio and less than 2% of blackstone's aggregate investment portfolio. an increased focus on energy sustainability due to concerns about climate change and the impact of carbon emissions, including potential alternatives to fossil fuels, has also exacerbated the impact of such weakened market fundamentals. the persistence of these weakened market fundamentals in the energy sector or in the credit markets more broadly would further negatively impact the performance of certain investments in our credit funds.
in addition, the new presidential administration and the u.s. congress may introduce new or enforce existing policies and regulations that may create uncertainty for our business and investment strategies and may adversely affect the profitability of certain of our investments. see "part i. item 1a. risk factors - risks related to our business - the global outbreak of the novel coronavirus, or covid-19, has caused severe disruptions in the u.s. and global economies and has adversely impacted, and may continue to adversely impact, our performance and results of operations", "- difficult market and geopolitical conditions can adversely affect our business in many ways, each of which could materially reduce our revenue, earnings and cash flow and adversely affect our financial prospects and condition" and "- a period of economic slowdown, which may be across one or more industries, sectors or geographies, has contributed and could in the future contribute to adverse operating performance for certain of our funds' investments, which would adversely affect our operating results and cash flows."
fee related earnings fee related earnings were $228.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, an increase of $10.8 million, compared to $218.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the increase in fee related earnings was primarily attributable to increases of $26.8 million in fee related performance revenues and $20.0 million in management fees, net, partially offset by an increase of $31.6 million in fee related compensation.
120
fee related performance revenues were $40.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, an increase of $26.8 million, compared to $13.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the increase was primarily due to performance and growth in assets in our bdc.
management fees, net were $614.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, an increase of $20.0 million, compared to $594.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, primarily driven by an increase in base management fees. base management fees increased $17.2 million primarily due to increased capital deployed in our most recently launched credit funds and vehicles, including our bdc, and inflows in our liquid credit business, partially offset by a decrease in harvest.
fee related compensation was $261.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, an increase of $31.6 million, compared to $229.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the increase was primarily due to increases in management fees, net and fee related performance revenues, on which a portion of fee related compensation is based.
net realizations net realizations were $25.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, a decrease of $26.8 million, compared to $52.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the decrease in net realizations was primarily attributable to decreases of $24.5 million in realized principal investment income and $11.8 million in realized performance revenues, partially offset by a decrease of $9.5 million in realized performance compensation.
realized principal investment income was $8.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, a decrease of $24.5 million, compared to $32.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the decrease was primarily due to higher realized gains in our corporate treasury investments in the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to the year ended december 31, 2020.
realized performance revenues were $20.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, a decrease of $11.8 million, compared to $32.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the decrease was primarily attributable to a decrease in realized carry compared to the year ended december 31, 2019.
realized performance compensation was $3.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, a decrease of $9.5 million, compared to $13.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the decrease was primarily due to the decrease in realized performance revenues.
composite returns composite returns information is included throughout this discussion and analysis to facilitate an understanding of our results of operations for the periods presented. the composite returns information reflected in this discussion and analysis is not indicative of the financial performance of blackstone and is also not necessarily indicative of the future results of any particular fund or composite. an investment in blackstone is not an investment in any of our funds or composites. there can be no assurance that any of our funds or composites or our other existing and future funds or composites will achieve similar returns.
the following table presents the return information for the credit composite:
year ended december 31,                                                                     inception to december 31, 2020
2020                           2019                            2018                            total composite (a)             gross           net             gross           net             gross           net         gross               net credit composite (b)      4       %       3       %       9       %       8       %       2       %       1       %   9         %         6         %
121
the returns presented herein represent those of the applicable blackstone funds and not those of blackstone.
(a)   net returns are based on the change in carrying value (realized and unrealized) after management fees, expenses and performance allocations, net of tax advances.

(b)   effective january 1, 2020, credit returns have been redefined to present a composite return instead of separate returns for performing credit strategies and distressed strategies. the credit composite now also includes the liquid credit strategy. the credit composite return is a weighted-average of (a) the return based on the combined quarterly cash flows of the private credit fee-earning funds and (b) the weighted-average quarterly return of all liquid credit strategy fee-earning funds. only fee-earning funds exceeding $100 million of fair value at the beginning of each respective quarter end are included and funds in liquidation are excluded. credit returns exclude blackstone funds that were contributed to bxc as part of blackstone's acquisition of bxc in march 2008 and the pre-acquisition date performance for funds and vehicles acquired by bxc subsequent to march 2008. the inception to date returns are from december 31, 2005. prior periods have been updated to reflect this presentation.

operating metrics the following table presents information regarding our invested performance eligible assets under management:
invested performance                                                         estimated % above eligible assets under                                                        high water management                                                                   mark/hurdle december 31,                                                                 december 31,
2020                     2019                      2018                      2020            2019            2018
(dollars in thousands)
credit &amp; insurance       $28,944,333               $26,004,779               $22,943,261              58      %       72      %       67      %
non-gaap financial measures these non-gaap financial measures are presented without the consolidation of any blackstone funds that are consolidated into the consolidated financial statements. consequently, all non-gaap financial measures exclude the assets, liabilities and operating results related to the blackstone funds. see "- key financial measures and indicators" for our definitions of distributable earnings, segment distributable earnings, fee related earnings and adjusted ebitda.
122
the following table is a reconciliation of net income attributable to the blackstone group inc. to distributable earnings, total segment distributable earnings, fee related earnings and adjusted ebitda:
year ended december 31,
2020                          2019                           2018
(dollars in thousands)
net income attributable to the blackstone group inc.                                                 $1,045,363                     $2,049,682                     $1,541,788
net income attributable to non-controlling interests in blackstone holdings                           1,012,924                      1,339,627                      1,364,989
net income attributable to non-controlling interests in consolidated entities                           217,117                        476,779                        358,878
net loss attributable to redeemable non-controlling interests in consolidated entities                  (13,898   )                       (121   )                     (2,104   )
net income                                                                                            2,261,506                      3,865,967                      3,263,551
provision (benefit) for taxes                                                                           356,014                        (47,952   )                    249,390
net income before provision (benefit) for taxes                                                       2,617,520                      3,818,015                      3,512,941
transaction-related charges (a)                                                                         240,729                        208,613                       (261,916   )
amortization of intangibles (b)                                                                          65,984                         65,931                         59,994
impact of consolidation (c)                                                                            (203,219   )                   (476,658   )                   (356,774   )
unrealized performance revenues (d)                                                                     384,758                     (1,126,668   )                   (561,163   )
unrealized performance allocations compensation (e)                                                    (154,516   )                    540,285                        319,742
unrealized principal investment (income) loss (f)                                                       101,742                       (113,327   )                     65,851
other revenues (g)                                                                                      253,693                        (79,447   )                    (89,468   )
equity-based compensation (h)                                                                           333,767                        230,194                        158,220
administrative fee adjustment (i)                                                                         5,265                              -                              -
taxes and related payables (j)                                                                         (304,127   )                   (196,159   )                   (153,865   )
distributable earnings                                                                                3,341,596                      2,870,779                      2,693,562
taxes and related payables (j)                                                                          304,127                        196,159                        153,865
net interest (income) loss (k)                                                                           34,910                          2,441                        (21,925   )
total segment distributable earnings                                                                  3,680,633                      3,069,379                      2,825,502
realized performance revenues (l)                                                                    (1,865,993   )                 (1,660,642   )                 (1,811,771   )
realized performance compensation (m)                                                                   714,347                        603,935                        678,141
realized principal investment income (n)                                                               (158,933   )                   (224,155   )                   (236,058   )
fee related earnings                                                                                 $2,370,054                     $1,788,517                     $1,455,814
adjusted ebitda reconciliation distributable earnings                                                                               $3,341,596                     $2,870,779                     $2,693,562
interest expense (o)                                                                                    165,022                        195,034                        159,838
taxes and related payables (j)                                                                          304,127                        196,159                        153,865
depreciation and amortization                                                                            35,136                         26,350                         23,882
adjusted ebitda                                                                                      $3,845,881                     $3,288,322                     $3,031,147
(a)   this adjustment removes transaction-related charges, which are excluded from blackstone's segment presentation. transaction-related charges arise from corporate actions including acquisitions, divestitures, and blackstone's initial public offering. they consist primarily of equity-based compensation charges, gains and losses on contingent consideration arrangements, changes in the balance of the tax receivable agreement resulting from a change in tax law or similar event, transaction costs and any gains or losses associated with these corporate actions.

123
(b)   this adjustment removes the amortization of transaction-related intangibles, which are excluded from blackstone's segment presentation. this amount includes amortization of intangibles associated with blackstone's investment in pátria, which is accounted for under the equity method.

(c)   this adjustment reverses the effect of consolidating blackstone funds, which are excluded from blackstone's segment presentation. this adjustment includes the elimination of blackstone's interest in these funds and the removal of amounts associated with the ownership of blackstone consolidated operating partnerships held by non-controlling interests.

(d)   this adjustment removes unrealized performance revenues on a segment basis. the segment adjustment represents the add back of performance revenues earned from consolidated blackstone funds which have been eliminated in consolidation.

year ended december 31,
2020                   2019                      2018
(dollars in thousands)
gaap unrealized performance allocations       $(384,393     )            $1,126,332                $561,373
segment adjustment                                   (365   )                   336                    (210   )
unrealized performance revenues               $(384,758     )            $1,126,668                $561,163
(e)   this adjustment removes unrealized performance allocations compensation.

(f)   this adjustment removes unrealized principal investment income (loss) on a segment basis. the segment adjustment represents (1) the add back of principal investment income, including general partner income, earned from consolidated blackstone funds which have been eliminated in consolidation, and (2) the removal of amounts associated with the ownership of blackstone consolidated operating partnerships held by non-controlling interests.

year ended december 31,
2020                     2019                        2018
(dollars in thousands)
gaap unrealized principal investment income (loss)       $(114,607       )                $215,003             $49,917
segment adjustment                                              12,865                    (101,676   )                (115,768   )
unrealized principal investment income (loss)            $(101,742       )                $113,327             $(65,851          )
(g)   this adjustment removes other revenues on a segment basis. the segment adjustment represents (1) the add back of other revenues earned from consolidated blackstone funds which have been eliminated in consolidation, and (2) the removal of certain transaction-related charges. for the year ended december 31, 2018, transaction-related charges included $580.9 million of other revenues received upon the conclusion of blackstone's investment sub-advisory relationship with fs investments' funds.

year ended december 31,
2020                   2019                   2018
(dollars in thousands)
gaap other revenue       $(253,142     )            $79,993                    $672,317
segment adjustment              (551   )               (546   )                (582,849   )
other revenues           $(253,693     )            $79,447                     $89,468
(h)   this adjustment removes equity-based compensation on a segment basis.

(i)   this adjustment adds an amount equal to an administrative fee collected on a quarterly basis from certain holders of blackstone holdings partnership units. the administrative fee is accounted for as a capital contribution under gaap, but is reflected as a reduction of other operating expenses in blackstone's segment presentation.

124
(j)   taxes represent the total gaap tax provision adjusted to include only the current tax provision (benefit) calculated on income (loss) before provision (benefit) for taxes and adjusted to exclude the tax impact of any divestitures. related payables represent tax-related payables including the amount payable under the tax receivable agreement. see "- key financial measures and indicators - distributable earnings" for the full definition of taxes and related payables.

year ended december 31,
2020                     2019                      2018
(dollars in thousands)
taxes                                 $260,569                  $140,416                   $90,022
related payables                        43,558                    55,743                    63,843
taxes and related payables            $304,127                  $196,159                  $153,865
(k)   this adjustment removes interest and dividend revenue less interest expense on a segment basis. the segment adjustment represents (1) the add back of interest and dividend revenue earned from consolidated blackstone funds which have been eliminated in consolidation, and (2) the removal of interest expense associated with the tax receivable agreement.

year ended december 31,
2020                      2019                       2018
(dollars in thousands)
gaap interest and dividend revenue       $125,231                   $182,398                         $171,947
segment adjustment                                4,881                     10,195                      9,816
interest and dividend revenue                   130,112                    192,593                    181,763
gaap interest expense                           166,162                    199,648                    163,990
segment adjustment                               (1,140   )                 (4,614   )                 (4,152   )
interest expense                                165,022                    195,034                    159,838
net interest income (loss)               $(34,910         )         $(2,441          )                $21,925
(l)   this adjustment removes the total segment amount of realized performance revenues.

(m)   this adjustment removes the total segment amount of realized performance compensation.

(n)   this adjustment removes the total segment amount of realized principal investment income.

(o)   this adjustment adds back interest expense on a segment basis, excluding interest expense related to the tax receivable agreement.

125
the following tables are a reconciliation of total gaap investments to net accrued performance revenues. total gaap investments and net accrued performance revenues consist of the following:
december 31,
2020                           2019
(dollars in thousands)
investments of consolidated blackstone funds                    $1,455,008                       $8,380,698
equity method investments partnership investments                                          4,353,234                        4,035,675
accrued performance allocations                                  6,891,262                        7,180,449
corporate treasury investments                                   2,579,716                        2,419,587
other investments                                                  337,922                          265,273
total gaap investments                                         $15,617,142                      $22,281,682
accrued performance allocations - gaap                          $6,891,262                       $7,180,449
impact of consolidation (a)                                              1                              384
due from affiliates - gaap (b)                                     165,678                          154,980
less: net realized performance revenues (c)                       (313,610   )                     (214,662   )
less: accrued performance compensation - gaap (d)               (2,917,609   )                   (3,021,899   )
net accrued performance revenues                                $3,825,722                       $4,099,252
(a)   this adjustment adds back investments in consolidated blackstone funds which have been eliminated in consolidation.

(b)   represents gaap accrued performance revenue recorded within due from affiliates.

(c)   represents performance revenues realized but not yet distributed as of the reporting date and are included in distributable earnings in the period they are realized.

(d)   represents gaap accrued performance compensation associated with accrued performance allocations and is recorded within accrued compensation and benefits and due to affiliates.

liquidity and capital resources general blackstone's business model derives revenue primarily from third party assets under management. blackstone is not a capital or balance sheet intensive business and targets operating expense levels such that total management and advisory fees exceed total operating expenses each period. as a result, we require limited capital resources to support the working capital or operating needs of our businesses. we draw primarily on the long-term committed capital of our limited partner investors to fund the investment requirements of the blackstone funds and use our own realizations and cash flows to invest in growth initiatives, make commitments to our own funds, where our minimum general partner commitments are generally less than 5% of the limited partner commitments of a fund, and pay dividends to shareholders.
fluctuations in our statement of financial condition result primarily from activities of the blackstone funds that are consolidated as well as business transactions, such as the issuance of senior notes described below. the majority economic ownership interests of the blackstone funds are reflected as redeemable non-controlling interests in consolidated entities, and non-controlling interests in consolidated entities in the consolidated financial statements. the consolidation of these blackstone funds has no net effect on blackstone's net income or partners' capital. additionally, fluctuations in our statement of financial condition also include appreciation or depreciation in blackstone investments in the blackstone funds, additional investments and redemptions of such interests in the blackstone funds and the collection of receivables related to management and advisory fees.
126
during the year ended december 31, 2020, blackstone deconsolidated nine clo vehicles. see note 9. "variable interest entities" in the "notes to consolidated financial statements" in "- item 8. financial statements and supplementary data" of this filing for additional details.
total assets were $26.3 billion as of december 31, 2020, a decrease of $6.3 billion, from december 31, 2019. the decrease in total assets was principally due to a decrease of $7.3 billion in total assets attributable to the consolidated blackstone funds. the decrease in total assets attributable to the consolidated blackstone funds was primarily due to a decrease of $6.9 billion in investments which was primarily due to the deconsolidation of nine clo vehicles. the other net variances of the assets attributable to the consolidated operating partnerships were relatively unchanged.
total liabilities were $11.7 billion as of december 31, 2020, a decrease of $5.8 billion, from december 31, 2019. the decrease in total liabilities was principally due to a decrease of $7.3 billion in total liabilities attributable to the consolidated blackstone funds, partially offset by an increase of $1.1 billion in total liabilities attributable to consolidated operating partnerships. the decrease in total liabilities attributable to consolidated blackstone funds was primarily due to a decrease of $6.5 billion in loans payable. the decrease in loans payable was primarily due to the deconsolidation of nine clo vehicles. the increase in total liabilities attributable to the consolidated operating partnerships was primarily due to an increase of $1.0 billion in loans payable. the increase in loans payable was primarily due to the issuance of $900 million of notes on september 29, 2020. the other net variances of the liabilities attributable to the consolidated operating partnerships were relatively unchanged.
we have multiple sources of liquidity to meet our capital needs as described in "- sources and uses of liquidity." while our liquidity has not been materially impacted by the covid-19 pandemic to date, we continue to closely monitor developments in the impact of the covid-19 pandemic and actively evaluate our sources and uses of liquidity in light of such developments. see "part i. item ia. risk factors - the global outbreak of the novel coronavirus, or covid-19, has caused severe disruptions in the u.s. and global economies and has adversely impacted, and may continue to adversely impact, our performance and results of operations."
sources and uses of liquidity we have multiple sources of liquidity to meet our capital needs, including annual cash flows, accumulated earnings in our businesses, the proceeds from our issuances of senior notes, liquid investments we hold on our balance sheet and access to our $2.25 billion committed revolving credit facility. on november 24, 2020, blackstone amended and restated its revolving credit facility to, among other things, increase the amount of the revolving credit facility from $1.6 billion to $2.25 billion and to extend the maturity date of the revolving credit facility from september 21, 2023 to november 24, 2025. as of december 31, 2020, blackstone had $2.0 billion in cash and cash equivalents, $2.6 billion invested in corporate treasury investments, against $5.7 billion in borrowings from our bond issuances, and no borrowings outstanding under our revolving credit facility.
on september 29, 2020, blackstone issued $500 million aggregate principal amount of 1.600% senior notes due march 30, 2031 and $400 million aggregate principal amount of 2.800% senior notes due september 30, 2050. blackstone intends to use the net proceeds from the sale of the notes for general corporate purposes. for additional information see note 13. "borrowings" in the "notes to consolidated financial statements" in "- item 8. financial statements and supplementary data."
in addition to the cash we received from our notes offerings and availability under our revolving credit facility, we expect to receive (a) cash generated from operating activities, (b) performance allocations and incentive fee realizations, and (c) realizations on the fund investments that we make. the amounts received from these three sources in particular may vary substantially from year to year and quarter to quarter depending on the frequency and size of realization events or net returns experienced by our investment funds. our available capital could be adversely affected if there are prolonged periods of few substantial realizations from our investment funds accompanied by substantial capital calls for new investments from those investment funds. therefore, blackstone's commitments to our funds are taken into consideration when managing our overall liquidity and cash position.
127
we expect that our primary liquidity needs will be cash to (a) provide capital to facilitate the growth of our existing businesses, which principally includes funding our general partner and co-investment commitments to our funds, (b) provide capital to facilitate our expansion into new businesses, (c) pay operating expenses, including cash compensation to our employees, and other obligations as they arise, (d) fund modest capital expenditures, (e) repay borrowings and related interest costs, (f) pay income taxes, (g) repurchase share of our common stock and blackstone holdings partnership units pursuant to our repurchase program and (h) pay dividends to our shareholders and distributions to the holders of blackstone holdings partnership units.
128
our own capital commitments to our funds, the funds we invest in and our investment strategies as of december 31, 2020 consisted of the following:
blackstone and                                           senior managing directors general partner                                          and certain other professionals (a)
fund                     original                     remaining                   original                      remaining commitment                   commitment                  commitment                    commitment
(dollars in thousands)
real estate brep v (b)               $52,545                      $2,185                      $-                            $-
brep vi (b)                      750,000                       36,809                     150,000                      12,270
brep vii                         300,000                       33,652                     100,000                      11,217
brep viii                        300,000                       51,159                     100,000                      17,053
brep ix                          300,000                      205,693                     100,000                      68,564
brep europe iii (b)              100,000                       13,231                      35,000                       4,410
brep europe iv                   130,000                       24,074                      43,333                       8,025
brep europe v                    150,000                       33,779                      43,333                       9,758
brep europe vi                   130,000                       97,024                      43,333                      32,341
brep asia i                       50,000                       10,335                      16,667                       3,445
brep asia ii                      70,707                       39,063                      23,569                      13,021
breds ii                          50,000                        6,227                      16,667                       2,076
breds iii                         50,000                       17,659                      16,667                       5,886
breds iv                          50,000                       40,894                           -                           -
bpp                              176,226                       17,639                           -                           -
other (c)                         23,199                       15,054                           -                           -
total real estate              2,682,677                      644,477                     688,569                     188,066
private equity bcp v                            629,356                       30,642                           -                           -
bcp vi                           719,718                       82,829                     250,000                      28,771
bcp vii                          500,000                       41,787                     225,000                      18,804
bcp viii                         500,000                      500,000                     225,000                     225,000
bep i                             50,000                        4,728                           -                           -
bep ii                            80,000                        8,259                      26,667                       2,753
bep iii                           80,000                       69,798                      26,667                      23,266
bcep i                           120,000                       42,944                      18,992                       6,797
bcep ii                          160,000                      160,000                      32,640                      32,640
bcp asia                          40,000                       21,962                      13,333                       7,321
tactical opportunities           409,661                      161,546                     136,554                      53,849
strategic partners               770,838                      475,641                     118,907                      71,733
bip                              168,632                      113,140                           -                           -
bxls                             110,000                       85,376                      26,667                      23,752
bxg                               64,638                       59,326                      21,546                      19,775
other (c)                        273,139                       31,438                           -                           -
total private equity           4,675,982                    1,889,416                   1,121,973                     514,461
continued...
129
blackstone and                                         senior managing directors general partner                                        and certain other professionals (a)
fund                            original                     remaining                 original                    remaining commitment                   commitment                commitment                  commitment
(dollars in thousands)
hedge fund solutions strategic alliance i            $50,000                      $2,033                    $-                          $-
strategic alliance ii                    50,000                      1,482                         -                           -
strategic alliance iii                   22,000                      1,193                         -                           -
strategic holdings i                    154,610                     63,159                         -                           -
strategic holdings ii                    50,000                     43,617                         -                           -
other (c)                                18,178                      9,646                         -                           -
total hedge fund solutions              344,788                    121,130                         -                           -
credit &amp; insurance mezzanine / opportunistic ii            120,000                     30,217                   110,101                      27,725
mezzanine / opportunistic iii           130,783                     41,513                    31,081                       9,866
mezzanine / opportunistic iv            122,000                    122,000                    33,333                      33,333
european senior debt i                   63,000                     16,521                    56,955                      14,936
european senior debt ii                  93,350                     78,168                    24,142                      20,030
stressed / distressed i                  50,000                      4,869                    27,666                       2,694
stressed / distressed ii                125,000                     51,695                   121,050                      50,061
stressed / distressed iii               151,000                    113,042                    31,840                      23,836
energy i                                 80,000                     38,026                    75,555                      35,913
energy ii                               150,000                    139,722                    25,423                      23,681
credit alpha fund                        52,102                     19,752                    50,624                      19,192
credit alpha fund ii                     25,500                     11,396                     6,034                       2,696
bxsl                                     80,000                      8,000                         -                           -
other (c)                               149,315                     53,607                    21,583                       4,472
total credit &amp; insurance          1,392,050                    728,528                   615,387                     268,435
other treasury (d)                            801,580                    387,753                         -                           -
$ 9,897,077                  $ 3,771,304               $ 2,425,929                 $ 970,962
(a)   for some of the general partner commitments shown in the table above, we require our senior managing directors and certain other professionals to fund a portion of the commitment even though the ultimate obligation to fund the aggregate commitment is ours pursuant to the governing agreements of the respective funds. the amounts of the aggregate applicable general partner original and remaining commitment are shown in the table above. in addition, certain senior managing directors and other professionals may be required to fund a de minimis amount of the commitment in certain carry funds. we expect our commitments to be drawn down over time and to be funded by available cash and cash generated from operations and realizations. taking into account prevailing market conditions and both the liquidity and cash or liquid investment balances, we believe that the sources of liquidity described above will be more than sufficient to fund our working capital requirements.

(b)   effective december 31, 2020, available capital was updated to include uncalled capital commitments until they are legally expired, which increased remaining commitments.

130
(c)   represents capital commitments to a number of other funds in each respective segment.

(d)   represents loan origination commitments, revolver commitments and capital market commitments.

as of december 31, 2020, blackstone holdings finance co. l.l.c. (the "issuer"), an indirect subsidiary of blackstone, had issued and outstanding the following senior notes (collectively the "notes"):
senior notes (a)                aggregate principal amount
(dollars/euros in thousands)
4.750%, due 2/15/2023          $400,000
2.000%, due 5/19/2025       €   300,000
1.000%, due 10/5/2026       €   600,000
3.150%, due 10/2/2027          $300,000
1.500%, due 4/10/2029       €   600,000
2.500%, due 1/10/2030          $500,000
1.600%, due 3/30/2031          $500,000
6.250%, due 8/15/2042          $250,000
5.000%, due 6/15/2044          $500,000
4.450%, due 7/15/2045          $350,000
4.000%, due 10/2/2047          $300,000
3.500%, due 9/10/2049          $400,000
2.800%, due 9/30/2050          $400,000
$5,732,400
(a)   the notes are unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the issuer and are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, jointly and severally, by the blackstone group inc. and each of the blackstone holdings partnerships. the notes contain customary covenants and financial restrictions that, among other things, limit the issuer and the guarantors' ability, subject to certain exceptions, to incur indebtedness secured by liens on voting stock or profit participating equity interests of their subsidiaries or merge, consolidate or sell, transfer or lease assets. the notes also contain customary events of default. all or a portion of the notes may be redeemed at our option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, prior to their stated maturity, at the make-whole redemption price set forth in the notes. if a change of control repurchase event occurs, the notes are subject to repurchase at the repurchase price as set forth in the notes.

blackstone, through its indirect subsidiary blackstone holdings finance co. l.l.c., has a $2.25 billion unsecured revolving credit facility (the "credit facility") with citibank, n.a., as administrative agent with a maturity date of november 24, 2025. borrowings may also be made in u.k. sterling, euros, swiss francs, japanese yen or canadian dollars, in each case subject to certain sub-limits. the credit facility contains customary representations, covenants and events of default. financial covenants consist of a maximum net leverage ratio and a requirement to keep a minimum amount of fee-earning assets under management, each tested quarterly.
on july 16, 2019, our board of directors authorized the repurchase of up to $1.0 billion of common stock and blackstone holdings partnership units. under the repurchase program, repurchases may be made from time to time in open market transactions, in privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. the timing and the actual number repurchased will depend on a variety of factors, including legal requirements, price and economic and market conditions. the repurchase program may be changed, suspended or discontinued at any time and does not have a specified expiration date.
131
during the year ended december 31, 2020, we repurchased 9.0 million shares of common stock as part of the repurchase program at a total cost of $474.0 million. as of december 31, 2020, the amount remaining available for repurchases under the program was $307.2 million.
dividends our intention is to pay to holders of common stock a quarterly dividend representing approximately 85% of the blackstone group inc.'s share of distributable earnings, subject to adjustment by amounts determined by our board of directors to be necessary or appropriate to provide for the conduct of our business, to make appropriate investments in our business and funds, to comply with applicable law, any of our debt instruments or other agreements, or to provide for future cash requirements such as tax-related payments, clawback obligations and dividends to shareholders for any ensuing quarter. the dividend amount could also be adjusted upward in any one quarter.
for blackstone's definition of distributable earnings, see "- key financial measures and indicators."
all of the foregoing is subject to the qualification that the declaration and payment of any dividends are at the sole discretion of our board of directors, and our board of directors may change our dividend policy at any time, including, without limitation, to reduce such quarterly dividends or even to eliminate such dividends entirely.
because the publicly traded entity and/or its wholly owned subsidiaries must pay taxes and make payments under the tax receivable agreements, the amounts ultimately paid as dividends by the blackstone group inc. to common shareholders in respect of each fiscal year are generally expected to be less, on a per share or per unit basis, than the amounts distributed by the blackstone holdings partnerships to the blackstone personnel and others who are limited partners of the blackstone holdings partnerships in respect of their blackstone holdings partnership units. following the conversion, we expect to pay more corporate income taxes than we would have as a limited partnership, which will increase this difference between the per share dividend and per unit distribution amounts.
dividends are treated as qualified dividends to the extent of blackstone's current and accumulated earnings and profits, with any excess dividends treated as a return of capital to the extent of the shareholder's basis.
the following graph shows fiscal quarterly and annual per common shareholder dividends for 2020, 2019 and 2018. dividends are declared and paid in the quarter subsequent to the quarter in which they are earned.
132
with respect to fiscal year 2020, we paid to shareholders of our common stock a dividend of $0.39, $0.37, $0.54 and $0.96 per share in respect of the first, second, third and fourth quarters, respectively, aggregating $2.26 per share. with respect to fiscal years 2019 and 2018, we paid shareholders of our common stock aggregate dividends of $1.95 per share and $2.15 per share, respectively. the dividend for each of the second, third and fourth quarter of 2018 was $0.58, $0.64 and $0.58, respectively, and in each case included a $0.10 per share dividend from a portion of the after-tax proceeds received in connection with the conclusion of blackstone's sub-advisory relationship with fs investments.
leverage we may under certain circumstances use leverage opportunistically and over time to create the most efficient capital structure for blackstone and our shareholders. in addition to the borrowings from our notes issuances and our revolving credit facility, we may use reverse repurchase agreements, repurchase agreements and securities sold, not yet purchased. all of these positions are held in a separately managed portfolio. reverse repurchase agreements are entered into primarily to take advantage of opportunistic yields otherwise absent in the overnight markets and also to use the collateral received to cover securities sold, not yet purchased. repurchase agreements are entered into primarily to opportunistically yield higher spreads on purchased securities. the balances held in these financial instruments fluctuate based on blackstone's liquidity needs, market conditions and investment risk profiles.
133
the following table presents information regarding these financial instruments in our consolidated statements of financial condition:
repurchase                 securities agreements              sold, not yet purchased
(dollars in millions)
balance, december 31, 2020         $76.8                     $51.0
balance, december 31, 2019        $154.1                     $75.5
year ended december 31, 2020
average daily balance              $94.2                     $56.1
maximum daily balance             $152.8                     $75.7
critical accounting policies we prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with gaap. in applying many of these accounting principles, we need to make assumptions, estimates and/or judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses in our consolidated financial statements. we base our estimates and judgments on historical experience and other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. these assumptions, estimates and/or judgments, however, are often subjective. actual results may be affected negatively based on changing circumstances. if actual amounts are ultimately different from our estimates, the revisions are included in our results of operations for the period in which the actual amounts become known. we believe the following critical accounting policies could potentially produce materially different results if we were to change underlying assumptions, estimates and/or judgments. for a description of our accounting policies, see note 2. "summary of significant accounting policies" in the "notes to consolidated financial statements" in "-item 8. financial statements and supplementary data" of this filing.
principles of consolidation for a description of our accounting policy on consolidation, see note 2. "summary of significant accounting policies-consolidation" and note 9. "variable interest entities" in the "notes to consolidated financial statements" in "-item 8. financial statements and supplementary data" for detailed information on blackstone's involvement with vies. the following discussion is intended to provide supplemental information about how the application of consolidation principles impact our financial results, and management's process for implementing those principles including areas of significant judgment.
the determination that blackstone holds a controlling financial interest in a blackstone fund or investment vehicle significantly changes the presentation of our consolidated financial statements. in our consolidated statements of financial position included in this filing, we present 100% of the assets and liabilities of consolidated vies along with a non-controlling interest which represents the portion of the consolidated vehicle's interests held by third parties. however, assets of our consolidated vies can only be used to settle obligations of the consolidated vie and are not available for general use by blackstone. further, the liabilities of our consolidated vies do not have recourse to the general credit of blackstone. in the consolidated statements of operations, we eliminate any management fees, incentive fees, or performance allocations received or accrued from consolidated vies as they are considered intercompany transactions. we recognize 100% of the consolidated vie's investment income (loss) and allocate the portion of that income (loss) attributable to third party ownership to non-controlling interests in arriving at net income attributable to the blackstone group inc.
the assessment of whether we consolidate a blackstone fund or investment vehicle we manage requires the application of significant judgment. these judgments are applied both at the time we become involved with the vie and on an ongoing basis and include, but are not limited to:
134
•   determining whether our management fees, incentive fees or performance allocations represent variable interests - we make judgments as to whether the fees we earn are commensurate with the level of effort required for those fees and at market rates. in making this judgment, we consider, among other things, the extent of third party investment in the entity and the terms of any other interests we hold in the vie.

•   determining whether kick-out rights are substantive - we make judgments as to whether the third party investors in a partnership entity have the ability to remove the general partner, the investment manager or its equivalent, or to dissolve (liquidate) the partnership entity, through a simple majority vote. this includes an evaluation of whether barriers to exercise these rights exist.

•   concluding whether blackstone has an obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits that could potentially be significant to the vie - as there is no explicit threshold in gaap to define "potentially significant," management must apply judgment and evaluate both quantitative and qualitative factors to conclude whether this threshold is met.

revenue recognition for a description of our accounting policy on revenue recognition, see note 2. "summary of significant accounting policies-revenue recognition" in the "notes to consolidated financial statements" in "-item 8. financial statements and supplementary data." for additional description of the nature of our revenue arrangements, including how management fees, incentive fees, and performance allocations are generated, please refer to "part i. item 1. business - fee structure/incentive arrangements." the following discussion is intended to provide supplemental information about how the application of revenue recognition principles impact our financial results, and management's process for implementing those principles including areas of significant judgment.
management and advisory fees, net - blackstone earns base management fees from the investors in its managed funds and investment vehicles, at a fixed percentage of a calculation base which is typically assets under management, net asset value, total assets, committed capital or invested capital. the range of management fee rates and the calculation base from which they are earned, generally, are as follows:
on private equity, real estate, and certain of our hedge fund solutions and credit-focused funds:
•   0.25% to 1.75% of committed capital or invested capital during the investment period,

•   0.25% to 1.50% of invested capital, committed capital or investment fair value subsequent to the investment period for private equity and real estate funds, and

•   0.75% to 1.50% of invested capital or net asset value subsequent to the investment period for certain of our hedge fund solutions and credit-focused funds.

on real estate, credit and mlp-focused funds structured like hedge funds:
•   0.24% to 1.50% of net asset value.

on credit and mlp-focused separately managed accounts:
•   0.24% to 1.50% of net asset value or total assets.

on real estate separately managed accounts:
•   0.65% to 2.00% of invested capital, net operating income or net asset value.

on funds of hedge funds, certain hedge funds and separately managed accounts invested in hedge funds:
•   0.25% to 1.50% of net asset value.

135
on clo vehicles:
•   0.40% to 0.50% of the aggregate par amount of collateral assets, including principal cash.

on credit-focused registered and non-registered investment companies:
•   0.25% to 1.20% of total assets or net asset value.

the investment adviser of bxmt receives annual management fees based on 1.50% of bxmt's net proceeds received from equity offerings and accumulated "distributable earnings" (which is generally equal to its gaap net income excluding certain non-cash and other items), subject to certain adjustments. the investment adviser of breit receives a management fee of 1.25% per annum of net asset value, payable monthly.
management fee calculations based on committed capital or invested capital are mechanical in nature and therefore do not require the use of significant estimates or judgments. management fee calculations based on net asset value, total assets, or investment fair value depend on the fair value of the underlying investments within the funds. estimates and assumptions are made when determining the fair value of the underlying investments within the funds and could vary depending on the valuation methodology that is used as well as economic conditions. see "-fair value" below for further discussion of the judgment required for determining the fair value of the underlying investments.
investment income (loss) - performance allocations are made to the general partner based on cumulative fund performance to date, subject to a preferred return to limited partners. blackstone has concluded that investments made alongside its limited partners in a partnership which entitle blackstone to a performance allocation represent equity method investments that are not in the scope of the gaap guidance on accounting for revenues from contracts with customers. blackstone accounts for these arrangements under the equity method of accounting. under the equity method, blackstone's share of earnings (losses) from equity method investments is determined using a balance sheet approach referred to as the hypothetical liquidation at book value ("hlbv") method. under the hlbv method, at the end of each reporting period blackstone calculates the accrued performance allocations that would be due to blackstone for each fund pursuant to the fund agreements as if the fair value of the underlying investments were realized as of such date, irrespective of whether such amounts have been realized. performance allocations are subject to clawback to the extent that the performance allocation received to date exceeds the amount due to blackstone based on cumulative results.
the change in the fair value of the investments held by certain blackstone funds is a significant input into the accrued performance allocation calculation and accrual for potential repayment of previously received performance allocations. estimates and assumptions are made when determining the fair value of the underlying investments within the funds. see "-fair value" below for further discussion related to significant estimates and assumptions used for determining fair value of the underlying investments.
fair value blackstone uses fair value throughout the reporting process. for a description of our accounting policies related to valuation, see note 2. "summary of significant accounting policies-fair value of financial instruments" and "summary of significant accounting policies-investments at fair value" in the "notes to consolidated financial statements" in "-item 8. financial statements and supplementary data" of this filing. the following discussion is intended to provide supplemental information about how the application of fair value principles impact our financial results, and management's process for implementing those principles including areas of significant judgment.
the fair value of the investments held by blackstone funds is the primary input to the calculation of certain of our management fees, incentive fees, performance allocations and the related compensation we recognize. the blackstone funds are accounted for as investment companies under the american institute of certified public accountants accounting and auditing guide, investment companies, and in accordance with the gaap guidance on investment companies and reflect their investments, including majority-owned and controlled investments (the
136
"portfolio companies"), at fair value. in the absence of observable market prices, we utilize valuation methodologies applied on a consistent basis and assumptions that we believe market participants would use to determine the fair value of the investments. for investments where little market activity exists management's determination of fair value is based on the best information available in the circumstances, which may incorporate management's own assumptions and involves a significant degree of judgment, and the consideration of a combination of internal and external factors, including the appropriate risk adjustments for non-performance and liquidity risks.
blackstone has also elected the fair value option for certain instruments it owns directly, including loans and receivables and investments in private debt securities, the assets of consolidated clo vehicles and other proprietary investments. blackstone is required to measure certain financial instruments at fair value, including debt instruments, equity securities and freestanding derivatives.
fair value of investments or instruments that are publicly traded securities that are publicly traded and for which a quoted market exists will be valued at the closing price of such securities in the principal market in which the security trades, or in the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market on the valuation date. when a quoted price in an active market exists, no block discounts or control premiums are permitted regardless of the size of the public security held. in some cases, securities will include legal and contractual restrictions limiting their purchase and sale for a period of time, such as may be required under sec rule 144. a discount to publicly traded price may be appropriate in those cases; the amount of the discount, if taken, shall be determined based on the time period that must pass before the restricted security becomes unrestricted or otherwise available for sale.
fair value of investments or instruments that are not publicly traded investments for which market prices are not observable include private investments in the equity or debt of operating companies or real estate properties. our primary methodology for determining the fair values of such investments is generally the income approach which provides an indication of fair value based on the present value of cash flows that a business, security, or property is expected to generate in the future. the most widely used methodology under the income approach is the discounted cash flow method which includes significant assumptions about the underlying investment's projected net earnings or cash flows, discount rate, capitalization rate and exit multiple. our secondary methodology, generally used to corroborate the results of the income approach, is typically the market approach. the most widely used methodology under the market approach relies upon valuations for comparable public companies, transactions, or assets, and includes making judgments about which companies, transactions, or assets are comparable. depending on the facts and circumstances associated with the investment, different primary and secondary methodologies may be used including option value, contingent claims or scenario analysis, yield analysis, projected cash flow through maturity or expiration, probability weighted methods or recent round of financing.
in certain cases debt and equity securities are valued on the basis of prices from an orderly transaction between market participants provided by reputable dealers or pricing services. in determining the value of a particular investment, pricing services may use certain information with respect to transactions in such investments, quotations from dealers, pricing matrices and market transactions in comparable investments and various relationships between investments.
management process on fair value due to the importance of fair value throughout the consolidated financial statements and the significant judgment required to be applied in arriving at those fair values, we have developed a process around valuation that incorporates several levels of approval and review from both internal and external sources. investments held by blackstone funds and investment vehicles are valued on at least a quarterly basis by our internal valuation or asset management teams, which are independent from our investment teams.
137
for investments valued utilizing the income method and where blackstone has information rights, we generally have a direct line of communication with each of the portfolio company finance teams and collect financial data used to support projections used in a discounted cash flow analysis. the respective business unit's valuation team then analyzes the data received and updates the valuation models reflecting any changes in the underlying cash flow projections, weighted-average cost of capital, exit multiple, and any other valuation input relevant economic conditions.
the results of all valuations of investments held by blackstone fund and investment vehicles are reviewed and approved by the relevant business unit's valuation sub-committee, which is comprised of key personnel from the business unit, typically the chief investment officer, chief operating officer, chief financial officer, chief compliance officer (or their respective equivalents where applicable) and other senior managing directors in the business. to further corroborate results, each business unit also generally obtains either a positive assurance opinion or a range of value from an independent valuation party, at least annually for internally prepared valuations for investments that have been held by blackstone funds and investment vehicles for greater than a year and quarterly for certain investments. our firmwide valuation committee, chaired by our chief financial officer and comprised of senior members of our businesses and representatives from corporate functions, including legal and finance, reviews the valuation process for investments held by us and our investment vehicles, including the application of appropriate valuation standards on a consistent basis. each quarter, the valuation process is also reviewed by the audit committee of our board of directors, which is comprised of our employee directors.
the global outbreak of covid-19 required management to make significant judgments about the ultimate adverse impact of covid-19 on financial markets and economic conditions, which is uncertain and may change over time. these judgments and estimates were incorporated into the valuation process outlined herein. management's policies were unchanged and critical processes were executed in a remote working environment.
income tax for a description of our accounting policy on taxes and additional information on taxes see note 2. "summary of significant accounting policies" and note 15. "income taxes," respectively, in the "notes to consolidated financial statements" in "-item 8. financial statements and supplementary data" of this filing.
our provision for income taxes is composed of current and deferred taxes. current income taxes approximate taxes to be paid or refunded for the current period. deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities and are measured using the applicable enacted tax rates and laws that will be in effect when such differences are expected to reverse. during the year ended december 31, 2019, the conversion resulted in a step-up in the tax basis of certain assets that will be recovered as those assets are sold or the basis is amortized.
additionally, significant judgment is required in estimating the provision for (benefit from) income taxes, current and deferred tax balances (including valuation allowance), accrued interest or penalties and uncertain tax positions. in evaluating these judgments, we consider, among other items, projections of taxable income (including the character of such income), beginning with historic results and incorporating assumptions of the amount of future pretax operating income. these assumptions about future taxable income require significant judgment and are consistent with the plans and estimates that blackstone uses to manage its business. a portion of the deferred tax assets are not considered to be more likely than not to be realized due to the character of income necessary for recovery. for that portion of the deferred tax assets, a valuation allowance has been recorded.
revisions in estimates and/or actual costs of a tax assessment may ultimately be materially different from the recorded accruals and unrecognized tax benefits, if any.
off-balance sheet arrangements in the normal course of business, we engage in off-balance sheet arrangements, including transactions in derivatives, guarantees, commitments, indemnifications and potential contingent repayment obligations. we do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that would require us to fund losses or guarantee target returns to investors in our funds.
138
further disclosure on our off-balance sheet arrangements is presented in the "notes to consolidated financial statements" in "-item 8. financial statements and supplementary data" of this filing as follows:
•   note 9. "variable interest entities," and

•   note 19. "commitments and contingencies - commitments - investment commitments" and "- contingencies - guarantees."

recent accounting developments information regarding recent accounting developments and their impact on blackstone can be found in note 2. "summary of significant accounting policies" in the "notes to consolidated financial statements" in "-item 8. financial statements and supplementary data" of this filing.
interbank offered rates transition certain jurisdictions are currently reforming or phasing out their interbank offered rates ("ibors"), including, without limitation, the london interbank offered rates, euro interbank offered rate, tokyo interbank offered rate, hong kong interbank offered rate and singapore interbank offered rate. the timing of the anticipated reforms or phase-outs vary by jurisdiction, with most of the reforms or phase-outs currently scheduled to take effect at the end of calendar year 2021. blackstone is evaluating the operational impact of such changes on existing transactions and contractual arrangements and managing transition efforts. see "part i. item 1a. risk factors - risks related to our business - interest rates on our and our portfolio companies' outstanding financial instruments might be subject to change based on regulatory developments, which could adversely affect our revenue, expenses and the value of those financial instruments."
139
contractual obligations, commitments and contingencies the following table sets forth information relating to our contractual obligations as of december 31, 2020 on a consolidated basis and on a basis deconsolidating the blackstone funds:
contractual obligations                                                                            2021                                          2022-2023                  2024-2025       thereafter                                     total
(dollars in thousands)
operating lease obligations (a)                                                                                  $93,815                    $212,647                   $185,136             $186,710                                $678,308
purchase obligations                                                                                              63,708                      45,157                      8,736                     -                                117,601
blackstone issued notes and revolving credit facility (b)                                                              -                     400,000                    366,480                     4,965,920                      5,732,400
interest on blackstone issued notes and revolving credit facility (c)                                            168,004                     326,507                    298,007                     2,090,082                      2,882,600
blackstone funds debt obligations payable                                                                             99                           -                          -                     -                                     99
blackstone funds capital commitments to investee funds (d)                                                       140,185                           -                          -                     -                                140,185
due to certain non-controlling interest holders in connection with tax receivable agreements (e)                  51,366                      98,321                     89,940                     617,848                          857,475
unrecognized tax benefits, including interest and penalties (f)                                                    1,055                           -                          -                     -                                  1,055
blackstone operating entities capital commitments to blackstone funds and other (g)                            3,771,304                           -                          -                     -                              3,771,304
consolidated contractual obligations                                                                           4,289,536                   1,082,632                    948,299                     7,860,560                     14,181,027
blackstone funds debt obligations payable                                                                            (99   )                       -                          -                     -                                    (99   )
blackstone funds capital commitments to investee funds (d)                                                      (140,185   )                       -                          -                     -                               (140,185   )
blackstone operating entities contractual obligations                                                         $4,149,252                  $1,082,632                   $948,299             $7,860,560                           $14,040,743
(a)   we lease our primary office space and certain office equipment under agreements that expire through 2030. occupancy lease agreements, in addition to contractual rent payments, generally include additional payments for certain costs incurred by the landlord, such as building expenses, and utilities. to the extent these are fixed or determinable they are included in the table above. the table above includes operating leases that are recognized as operating lease liabilities, short-term leases that are not recorded as operating lease liabilities and leases that have been signed but not yet commenced which are not recorded as operating lease liabilities. the amounts in this table are presented net of contractual sublease commitments.

(b)   represents the principal amount due on the senior notes we issued. as of december 31, 2020, we had no outstanding borrowings under our revolver.

(c)   represents interest to be paid over the maturity of our senior notes and borrowings under our revolving credit facility which has been calculated assuming no pre-payments are made and debt is held until its final maturity date. these amounts exclude commitment fees for unutilized borrowings under our revolver.

(d)   these obligations represent commitments of the consolidated blackstone funds to make capital contributions to investee funds and portfolio companies. these amounts are generally due on demand and are therefore presented in the less than one year category.

(e)   represents obligations by blackstone's corporate subsidiary to make payments under the tax receivable agreements to certain non-controlling interest holders for the tax savings realized from the taxable purchases of their interests in connection with the reorganization at the time of blackstone's ipo in 2007 and subsequent purchases. the obligation represents the amount of the payments currently expected to be made, which are dependent on the tax savings actually realized as determined annually without discounting for the timing of the payments. as required by gaap, the amount of the obligation included in the consolidated financial statements and shown in note 18. "related party transactions" (see "-item 8. financial statements and supplementary data") differs to reflect the net present value of the payments due to certain non-controlling interest holders.

140
(f)   the total represents gross unrecognized tax benefits of $0.5 million and interest and penalties of $0.5 million. in addition, blackstone is not able to make a reasonably reliable estimate of the timing of payments in individual years in connection with gross unrecognized benefits of $32.4 million and interest of $3.4 million; therefore, such amounts are not included in the above contractual obligations table.

(g)   these obligations represent commitments by us to provide general partner capital funding to the blackstone funds, limited partner capital funding to other funds and blackstone principal investment commitments. these amounts are generally due on demand and are therefore presented in the less than one year category; however, a substantial amount of the capital commitments are expected to be called over the next three years. we expect to continue to make these general partner capital commitments as we raise additional amounts for our investment funds over time.

guarantees blackstone and certain of its consolidated funds provide financial guarantees. the amounts and nature of these guarantees are described in note 19. "commitments and contingencies - contingencies - guarantees" in the "notes to consolidated financial statements" in "-item 8. financial statements and supplementary data" of this filing.
indemnifications in many of its service contracts, blackstone agrees to indemnify the third party service provider under certain circumstances. the terms of the indemnities vary from contract to contract and the amount of indemnification liability, if any, cannot be determined and has not been included in the table above or recorded in our consolidated financial statements as of december 31, 2020.
clawback obligations performance allocations are subject to clawback to the extent that the performance allocations received to date with respect to a fund exceeds the amount due to blackstone based on cumulative results of that fund. the actual clawback liability, however, generally does not become realized until the end of a fund's life except for certain blackstone real estate funds, multi-asset class investment funds and credit-focused funds, which may have an interim clawback liability. the lives of the carry funds, including available contemplated extensions, for which a liability for potential clawback obligations has been recorded for financial reporting purposes, are currently anticipated to expire at various points through 2029. further extensions of such terms may be implemented under given circumstances.
for financial reporting purposes, when applicable, the general partners record a liability for potential clawback obligations to the limited partners of some of the carry funds due to changes in the unrealized value of a fund's remaining investments and where the fund's general partner has previously received performance allocation distributions with respect to such fund's realized investments.
as of december 31, 2020, the total clawback obligations were $108.6 million, of which $83.9 million was related to blackstone holdings and $24.6 million was related to current and former blackstone personnel. the split of clawback between blackstone holdings and current and former personnel is based on the performance of individual investments held by a fund rather than on a fund by fund basis.
if, at december 31, 2020, all of the investments held by our carry funds were deemed worthless, a possibility that management views as remote, the amount of performance allocations subject to potential clawback would be $4.0 billion, on an after-tax basis where applicable, of which blackstone holdings is potentially liable for $3.8 billion if current and former blackstone personnel default on their share of the liability, a possibility that management also views as remote. see note 18. "related party transactions" and note 19. "commitments and contingencies" in the "notes to consolidated financial statements" in "-item 8. financial statements and supplementary data" of this filing.
141
