item 1a. risk factors our business is subject to various risks and uncertainties. any of the risks and uncertainties described below could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations and should be considered in evaluating us. while we believe we have identified and discussed below the key risk factors affecting our business, there may be additional risks
7
and uncertainties that are not presently known or that are not currently believed to be significant that may adversely affect our business, performance, or financial condition in the future.
risks relating to our business the covid-19 pandemic could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
in december 2019, there was an outbreak of a novel strain of coronavirus (covid-19) in china that has since spread to nearly all regions of the world. the outbreak was subsequently declared a pandemic by the world health organization in march 2020. to date, the covid-19 outbreak and preventative measures taken to contain or mitigate the outbreak have caused, and are continuing to cause, business slowdowns or shutdowns in affected areas and significant disruption in the financial markets both globally and in the united states.
in response to the covid-19 pandemic and related mitigation measures, we created an internal covid-19 pandemic team in order to review and assess the evolving covid-19 pandemic and began implementing changes in our business in march 2020 to protect our employees and customers, and to support appropriate health and safety protocols. for example, we installed physical barriers between employees in production facilities, implemented extensive cleaning and sanitation processes for both production and office spaces, and implemented broad work-from-home initiatives for office personnel. while all of these measures have been necessary and appropriate, they have resulted in additional costs, which we expect will continue in fiscal 2021 as we work to address employee safety.
although we have experienced some challenges in connection with the covid-19 pandemic, including temporary closings of production facilities and reduced demand for certain of our products, at this time, we have not experienced a net negative impact on our liquidity or results of operations. while we generally expect demand levels for our products to return to historical norms as we progress through fiscal 2021, we are unable to predict the ultimate impact of the covid-19 outbreak, including the nature and timing of when such demand normalization may occur. the continued spread of covid-19 could negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations in a number of ways in the future, including but not limited to:
•   further shutdowns or slowdowns of one or more of our production facilities;

•   disruptions in our supply chain and our ability to obtain ingredients, packaging and other sourced materials due to labor shortages, governmental restrictions or the failure of our suppliers, distributors or manufacturers to meet their obligations to us;

•   strains on our supply chain due to increased consumer demand for certain of our products as a result of increased at-home consumption;

•   increases in raw material and commodity costs;

•   the inability of a significant portion of our workforce, including our management team, to work as a result of illness or government restrictions;

•   shifts and volatility in consumer spending and purchasing behaviors due to the economic downturn;

•   decreased consumer traffic in away-from-home food outlets; and

•   reduced availability of credit or financing upon acceptable terms or at all.

the situation surrounding the covid-19 pandemic remains fluid, and given its inherent uncertainty, we expect that it could have an adverse impact on our business in the future. the duration and extent of the impact from the covid-19 pandemic depends on future developments that cannot be accurately predicted at this time, such as the severity and transmission rate of the virus, the extent and effectiveness of containment actions and the impact of these and other factors on our employees, customers, suppliers, distributors and manufacturers. should these conditions persist for a prolonged period, the covid-19 pandemic, including any of the above factors and others that are currently unknown, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. the impact of the covid-19 pandemic may also exacerbate other risks discussed in this item 1a, risk factors, any of which could have a material effect on us.
deterioration of general economic conditions could harm our business and results of operations.
our business and results of operations may be adversely affected by changes in national or global economic conditions, including inflation, interest rates, availability of capital markets, consumer spending rates, energy availability and costs (including
8
fuel surcharges), the negative impacts caused by pandemics and public health crises (including the covid-19 pandemic), and the effects of governmental initiatives to manage economic conditions.
volatility in financial markets and deterioration of national and global economic conditions could impact our business and operations in a variety of ways, including as follows:
•   consumers may shift purchases to more generic, lower-priced, or other value offerings, or may forego certain purchases altogether during economic downturns, which could result in a reduction in sales of higher margin products or a shift in our product mix to lower margin offerings adversely affecting the results of our operations;

•   restrictions on public gatherings or interactions may limit the opportunity for our customers and consumers to purchase our products;

•   decreased demand in the restaurant business (including due to the covid-19 pandemic), particularly casual and fine dining, may adversely affect our foodservice operations;

•   volatility in commodity and other input costs could substantially impact our result of operations;

•   volatility in the equity markets or interest rates could substantially impact our pension costs and required pension contributions; and

•   it may become more costly or difficult to obtain debt or equity financing to fund operations or investment opportunities, or to refinance our debt in the future, in each case on terms and within a time period acceptable to us.

our existing and future debt may limit cash flow available to invest in the ongoing needs of our business and could prevent us from fulfilling our debt obligations.
as of may 31, 2020, we had total debt of approximately $9.75 billion, including approximately $9.44 billion aggregate principal amount of senior notes. our ability to make payments on our debt, fund our other liquidity needs, and make planned capital expenditures will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future. our historical financial results have been, and we anticipate that our future financial results will be, subject to fluctuations. our ability to generate cash, to a certain extent, is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory, and other factors that are beyond our control. we cannot guarantee that our business will generate sufficient cash flow from our operations or that future borrowings will be available to us in an amount sufficient to enable us to make payments of our debt, fund other liquidity needs, and make planned capital expenditures.
our level of debt could have important consequences for shareholders. for example, it could:
•   make it more difficult for us to satisfy our debt service obligations;

•   restrict us from making strategic acquisitions or taking advantage of favorable business opportunities;

•   restrict us from repurchasing shares of our common stock;

•   limit flexibility to plan for, or react to, changes in the businesses and industries in which we operate, which may adversely affect our operating results and ability to meet our debt service obligations;

•   limit our ability to refinance our indebtedness or increase the cost of such indebtedness;

•   require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to the payment of debt service, reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, and other general corporate purposes;

•   increase our vulnerability to adverse economic or industry conditions, including changes in interest rates;

•   limit our ability to obtain additional financing in the future to fund our working capital requirements, capital expenditures, acquisitions, investment, debt service obligations, and other general operating requirements or to enable us to react to changes in our business; or

•   place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to businesses in our industry that have less debt.

additionally, any failure to meet required payments on our debt, or failure to comply with any covenants in the instruments governing our debt, could result in an event of default under the terms of those instruments and a downgrade to our credit ratings. a downgrade in our credit ratings would increase our borrowing costs and could affect our ability to issue commercial paper. in the event of a default, the holders of our debt could elect to declare all the amounts outstanding under such instruments to be due
9
and payable. any default under the agreements governing our debt and the remedies sought by the holders of such debt could render us unable to pay principal and interest on our debt.
a significant portion of our operations are conducted through our subsidiaries. as a result, our ability to generate sufficient cash flow for our needs is dependent to some extent on the earnings of our subsidiaries and the payment of those earnings to us in the form of dividends, loans, or advances and through repayment of loans or advances from us. our subsidiaries are separate and distinct legal entities. our subsidiaries have no obligation to pay any amounts due on our debt to provide us with funds to meet our cash flow needs, whether in the form of dividends, distributions, loans, or other payments. in addition, any payment of dividends, loans, or advances by our subsidiaries could be subject to statutory or contractual restrictions. payments to us by our subsidiaries will also be contingent upon our subsidiaries' earnings and business considerations. our right to receive any assets of any of our subsidiaries upon their liquidation or reorganization will be effectively subordinated to the claims of that subsidiary's creditors, including trade creditors. in addition, even if we are a creditor of any of our subsidiaries, our rights as a creditor would be subordinate to any security interest in the assets of our subsidiaries and any indebtedness of our subsidiaries senior to that held by us. finally, changes in the laws of foreign jurisdictions in which we operate may adversely affect the ability of some of our foreign subsidiaries to repatriate funds to us.
increased competition may result in reduced sales or profits.
the food industry is highly competitive, and further consolidation in the industry would likely increase competition. our principal competitors have substantial financial, marketing, and other resources. increased competition can reduce our sales due to loss of market share or the need to reduce prices to respond to competitive and customer pressures. competitive pressures also may restrict our ability to increase prices, including in response to commodity and other cost increases. we sell branded, private brand, and customized food products, as well as commercially branded foods. our branded products have an advantage over private brand products primarily due to advertising and name recognition, although private brand products typically sell at a discount to those of branded competitors. in addition, when branded competitors focus on price and promotion, the environment for private brand producers becomes more challenging because the price difference between private brand products and branded products may become less significant. in most product categories, we compete not only with other widely advertised branded products, but also with other private label and store brand products that are generally sold at lower prices. a strong competitive response from one or more of our competitors to our marketplace efforts, or a consumer shift towards more generic, lower-priced, or other value offerings, could result in us reducing pricing, increasing marketing or other expenditures, or losing market share. our margins and profits could decrease if a reduction in prices or increased costs are not counterbalanced with increased sales volume.
in addition, substantial growth in e-commerce has encouraged the entry of new competitors and business models, intensifying competition by simplifying distribution and lowering barriers to entry. the expanding presence of e-commerce retailers has impacted, and may continue to impact, consumer preferences and market dynamics, which in turn may negatively affect our sales or profits.
increases in commodity costs may have a negative impact on profits.
we use many different commodities such as wheat, corn, oats, soybeans, beef, pork, poultry, steel, aluminum, and energy. commodities are subject to price volatility caused by commodity market fluctuations, supply and demand, currency fluctuations, external conditions such as weather, and changes in governmental agricultural and energy policies and regulations. in addition, recent world events have increased the risks posed by international trade disputes, tariffs, and sanctions. we procure a wide spectrum of commodities globally and could potentially face increased prices for commodities sourced from nations that could be impacted by trade disputes, tariffs, or sanctions. commodity price increases will result in increases in raw material, packaging, and energy costs and operating costs. we may not be able to increase our product prices and achieve cost savings that fully offset these increased costs; and increasing prices may result in reduced sales volume, reduced margins, and profitability. we have experience in hedging against commodity price increases; however, these practices and experience reduce, but do not eliminate, the risk of negative profit impacts from commodity price increases. we do not fully hedge against changes in commodity prices, and the risk management procedures that we use may not always work as we intend.
volatility in the market value of derivatives we use to manage exposures to fluctuations in commodity prices will cause volatility in our gross margins and net earnings.
we utilize derivatives to manage price risk for some of our principal ingredients and energy costs, including grains (wheat, corn, and oats), oils, beef, pork, poultry, and energy. changes in the values of these derivatives are generally recorded in earnings
10
currently, resulting in volatility in both gross margin and net earnings. these gains and losses are reported in cost of goods sold in our consolidated statements of earnings and in unallocated general corporate expenses in our segment operating results until we utilize the underlying input in our manufacturing process, at which time the gains and losses are reclassified to segment operating profit. we may experience volatile earnings as a result of these accounting treatments.
if we do not achieve the appropriate cost structure in the highly competitive food industry, our profitability could decrease.
our future success and earnings growth depend in part on our ability to achieve the appropriate cost structure and operate efficiently in the highly competitive food industry, particularly in an environment of volatile input costs. we continue to implement profit-enhancing initiatives that impact our supply chain and general and administrative functions. these initiatives are focused on cost-saving opportunities in procurement, manufacturing, logistics, and customer service, as well as general and administrative overhead levels. gaining additional efficiencies may become more difficult over time. our failure to reduce costs through productivity gains or by eliminating redundant costs resulting from acquisitions could adversely affect our profitability and weaken our competitive position. if we do not continue to effectively manage costs and achieve additional efficiencies, our competitiveness and our profitability could decrease.
we may not realize the benefits that we expect from our restructuring plans, including the pinnacle integration restructuring plan.
in fiscal 2019, we announced a restructuring and integration plan related to the ongoing integration of pinnacle for the purpose of achieving significant cost synergies (the "pinnacle integration restructuring plan"). we expect to incur material charges for exit and disposal activities under u.s. generally accepted accounting principles.
the successful design and implementation of the pinnacle integration restructuring plan presents significant organizational design and infrastructure challenges. in many cases, it will require successful negotiations with third parties, including labor organizations, suppliers, business partners, and other stakeholders. in addition, the pinnacle integration restructuring plan may not advance our business strategy as expected. events and circumstances, such as financial or strategic difficulties, delays, and unexpected costs may occur that could result in our not realizing all or any of the anticipated benefits or our not realizing the anticipated benefits on our expected timetable. if we are unable to realize the anticipated savings and cost synergies of the pinnacle integration restructuring plan, our ability to fund other initiatives may be adversely affected. any failure to implement the pinnacle integration restructuring plan in accordance with our expectations could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.
in addition, the complexity of the pinnacle integration restructuring plan will require a substantial amount of management and operational resources. our management team must successfully implement administrative and operational changes necessary to achieve the anticipated benefits of the pinnacle integration restructuring plan. these and related demands on our resources may divert the organization's attention from existing core businesses, integrating financial or other systems, have adverse effects on existing business relationships with suppliers and customers, and impact employee morale. as a result, our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows could be adversely affected.
we may be subject to product liability claims and product recalls, which could negatively impact our profitability.
we sell food products for human consumption, which involves risks such as product contamination or spoilage, product tampering, other adulteration of food products, mislabeling, and misbranding. we may be subject to liability if the consumption of any of our products causes injury, illness, or death. in addition, we will voluntarily recall products in the event of contamination or damage. we have issued recalls and have from time to time been and currently are involved in lawsuits relating to our food products. a significant product liability judgment or a widespread product recall may negatively impact our sales and profitability for a period of time depending on the costs of the recall, the destruction of product inventory, product availability, competitive reaction, customer reaction, and consumer attitudes. even if a product liability claim is unsuccessful or is not fully pursued, the negative publicity surrounding any assertion that our products caused illness or injury could adversely affect our reputation with existing and potential customers and our corporate and brand image.
additionally, as a manufacturer and marketer of food products, we are subject to extensive regulation by the u.s. food and drug administration and other federal, state, and local government agencies. the food, drug & cosmetic act and the food safety modernization act and their respective regulations govern, among other things, the manufacturing, composition and ingredients, packaging, and safety of food products. some aspects of these laws use a strict liability standard for imposing sanctions on corporate behavior; meaning that no intent is required to be established. if we fail to comply with applicable laws
11
and regulations, we may be subject to civil remedies, including fines, injunctions, recalls, or seizures, as well as criminal sanctions, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations.
we must identify changing consumer preferences and develop and offer food products to meet their preferences.
consumer preferences evolve over time and the success of our food products depends on our ability to identify the tastes and dietary habits of consumers and to offer products that appeal to their preferences, including concerns of consumers regarding health and wellness, obesity, product attributes, and ingredients. introduction of new products and product extensions requires significant development and marketing investment. if our products fail to meet consumer preferences, or we fail to introduce new and improved products on a timely basis, then the return on that investment will be less than anticipated and our strategy to grow sales and profits with investments in acquisitions, marketing, and innovation will be less successful. similarly, demand for our products could be affected by consumer concerns or perceptions regarding the health effects of ingredients such as sodium, trans fats, sugar, processed wheat, or other product ingredients or attributes.
changes in our relationships with significant customers or suppliers could adversely affect us.
during fiscal 2020, our largest customer, walmart, inc. and its affiliates, accounted for approximately 26% of our consolidated net sales. there can be no assurance that walmart, inc. and other significant customers will continue to purchase our products in the same quantities or on the same terms as in the past, particularly as increasingly powerful retailers continue to demand lower pricing. the loss of a significant customer or a material reduction in sales to a significant customer could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, and results of operations.
the sophistication and buying power of our customers could have a negative impact on profits.
our customers, such as supermarkets, warehouse clubs, and food distributors, have continued to consolidate, resulting in fewer customers on which we can rely for business. these consolidations, the growth of supercenters, and the growth of e-commerce customers have produced large, sophisticated customers with increased buying power and negotiating strength who are more capable of resisting price increases and can demand lower pricing, increased promotional programs, or specialty tailored products. in addition, larger retailers have the scale to develop supply chains that permit them to operate with reduced inventories or to develop and market their own retailer brands. these customers may also in the future use more of their shelf space, currently used for our products, for their store brand products. we continue to implement initiatives to counteract these pressures. however, if the larger size of these customers results in additional negotiating strength and/or increased private label or store brand competition, our profitability could decline.
consolidation also increases the risk that adverse changes in our customers' business operations or financial performance will have a corresponding material adverse effect on us. for example, if our customers cannot access sufficient funds or financing, then they may delay, decrease, or cancel purchases of our products, or delay or fail to pay us for previous purchases.
if we are unable to complete proposed acquisitions or integrate acquired businesses, our financial results could be materially and adversely affected.
from time to time, we evaluate acquisition candidates that may strategically fit our business objectives. if we are unable to complete acquisitions or to successfully integrate and develop acquired businesses, our financial results could be materially and adversely affected. moreover, we may incur asset impairment charges related to acquisitions that reduce our profitability.
our acquisition activities may present financial, managerial, and operational risks. those risks include diversion of management attention from existing businesses, difficulties integrating personnel and financial and other systems, effective and immediate implementation of control environment processes across our employee population, adverse effects on existing business relationships with suppliers and customers, inaccurate estimates of fair value made in the accounting for acquisitions and amortization of acquired intangible assets which would reduce future reported earnings, potential loss of customers or key employees of acquired businesses, and indemnities and potential disputes with the sellers. any of these factors could affect our product sales, financial condition, and results of operations.
if we are unable to complete our proposed divestitures, our financial results could be materially and adversely affected.
from time to time, we may divest businesses that do not meet our strategic objectives or do not meet our growth or profitability targets. we may not be able to complete desired or proposed divestitures on terms favorable to us. gains or losses on
12
the sales of, or lost operating income from, those businesses may affect our profitability and margins. moreover, we may incur asset impairment charges related to divestitures that reduce our profitability.
our divestiture activities may present financial, managerial, and operational risks. those risks include diversion of management attention from existing businesses, difficulties separating personnel and financial and other systems, possible need for providing transition services to buyers, adverse effects on existing business relationships with suppliers and customers and indemnities and potential disputes with the buyers. any of these factors could adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, and results of operations.
disruption of our supply chain could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
our ability to make, move, and sell our products is critical to our success. damage or disruption to our supply chain, including third-party manufacturing or transportation and distribution capabilities, due to weather, including any potential effects of climate change, natural disaster, fire or explosion, terrorism, pandemics (such as the coronavirus (covid-19) pandemic), strikes, government action, or other reasons beyond our control or the control of our suppliers and business partners, could impair our ability to manufacture or sell our products. failure to take adequate steps to mitigate the likelihood or potential impact of such events, or to effectively manage such events if they occur, particularly when a product is sourced from a single supplier or location, could adversely affect our business or financial results. in addition, disputes with significant suppliers, including disputes regarding pricing or performance, could adversely affect our ability to supply products to our customers and could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, and results of operations.
in particular, we are actively monitoring the recent covid-19 pandemic and its potential impact on our supply chain and our consolidated results of operations. although our products are manufactured in north america and we source the significant majority of our ingredients and raw materials from north america, due to restrictions resulting from the pandemic, global supply may become constrained, which may cause the price of certain ingredients and raw materials used in our products to increase and/or we may experience disruptions to our operations.
any damage to our reputation could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
maintaining a good reputation globally is critical to selling our products. product contamination or tampering, the failure to maintain high standards for product quality, safety, and integrity, including with respect to raw materials and ingredients obtained from suppliers, or allegations of product quality issues, mislabeling, or contamination, even if untrue, may reduce demand for our products or cause production and delivery disruptions. our reputation could also be adversely impacted by any of the following, or by adverse publicity (whether or not valid) relating thereto: the failure to maintain high ethical, social, and environmental standards for all of our operations and activities; the failure to achieve any stated goals with respect to the nutritional profile of our products; our research and development efforts; or our environmental impact, including use of agricultural materials, packaging, energy use, and waste management. moreover, the growing use of social and digital media by consumers has greatly increased the speed and extent that information or misinformation and opinions can be shared. failure to comply with local laws and regulations, to maintain an effective system of internal controls or to provide accurate and timely financial information could also hurt our reputation. damage to our reputation or loss of consumer confidence in our products for any of these or other reasons could result in decreased demand for our products and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations, as well as require additional resources to rebuild our reputation.
if we fail to comply with the many laws applicable to our business, we may face lawsuits or incur significant fines and penalties. in addition, changes in such laws may lead to increased costs.
our business is subject to a variety of governmental laws and regulations, including food and drug laws, environmental laws, laws related to advertising and marketing practices, accounting standards, taxation requirements, competition laws, employment laws, data privacy laws, and anti-corruption laws, among others, in and outside of the united states. our facilities and products are subject to many laws and regulations administered by the united states department of agriculture, the federal food and drug administration, the occupational safety and health administration, and other federal, state, local, and foreign governmental agencies relating to the processing, packaging, storage, distribution, advertising, labeling, quality, and safety of food products, the health and safety of our employees, and the protection of the environment. our failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations could subject us to lawsuits, administrative penalties, and civil remedies, including fines, injunctions, and recalls of our products.  in addition, changes in applicable laws and regulations, including changes in taxation requirements and new or increased tariffs on products imported from certain countries, may lead to increased costs and could negatively affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
13
our operations are also subject to extensive and increasingly stringent regulations administered by the environmental protection agency, which pertain to the discharge of materials into the environment and the handling and disposition of wastes. failure to comply with these regulations can have serious consequences, including civil and administrative penalties and negative publicity. changes in applicable laws or regulations or evolving interpretations thereof, including increased government regulations to limit carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gas emissions as a result of concern over climate change, may result in increased compliance costs, capital expenditures, and other financial obligations for us, which could affect our profitability or impede the production or distribution of our products, and affect our net operating revenues.
our business operations could be disrupted if our information technology systems fail to perform adequately.
we rely on information technology networks and systems, including the internet, to process, transmit, and store information, to manage and support a variety of business processes and activities, and to comply with regulatory, legal, and tax requirements. our information technology systems, some of which are dependent on services provided by third parties, may be vulnerable to damage, interruption, or shutdown due to any number of causes outside of our control such as catastrophic events, natural disasters, fires, power outages, systems failures, telecommunications failures, employee error or malfeasance, security breaches, computer viruses or other malicious codes, ransomware, unauthorized access attempts, denial of service attacks, phishing, hacking, and other cyberattacks. while we have experienced threats to our data and systems, to date, we are not aware that we have experienced a material breach. however, over time, and particularly recently, the sophistication of these threats continues to increase. sophisticated cybersecurity threats pose a potential risk to the security and viability of our information technology systems, as well as the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of the data stored on those systems, including cloud-based platforms. in addition, new technology that could result in greater operational efficiency may further expose our computer systems to the risk of cyber-attacks. if we do not allocate and effectively manage the resources necessary to build and sustain the proper technology infrastructure and associated automated and manual control processes, we could be subject to billing and collection errors, business disruptions, or damage resulting from security breaches. if any of our significant information technology systems suffer severe damage, disruption, or shutdown, and our business continuity plans do not effectively resolve the issues in a timely manner, our product sales, financial condition, and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected, and we could experience delays in reporting our financial results. in addition, there is a risk of business interruption, violation of data privacy laws and regulations, litigation, and reputational damage from leakage of confidential information. any interruption of our information technology systems could have operational, reputational, legal, and financial impacts that may have a material adverse effect on our business.
additionally, we regularly move data across national borders to conduct our operations and, consequently, are subject to a variety of laws and regulations in the united states and other jurisdictions regarding privacy, data protection, and data security, including those related to the collection, storage, handling, use, disclosure, transfer, and security of personal data, including the european union general data protection regulation. our efforts to comply with privacy and data protection laws may impose significant costs and challenges that are likely to increase over time.
we rely on our management team and other key personnel.
we depend on the skills, working relationships, and continued services of key personnel, including our experienced management team. in addition, our ability to achieve our operating goals depends on our ability to identify, hire, train, and retain qualified individuals. we compete with other companies both within and outside of our industry for talented personnel, and we may lose key personnel or fail to attract, train, and retain other talented personnel. any such loss or failure could adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, and operating results.
in particular, our continued success will depend in part on our ability to retain the talents and dedication of key employees. if key employees terminate their employment, become ill as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, or if an insufficient number of employees is retained to maintain effective operations, our business activities may be adversely affected and our management team's attention may be diverted. in addition, we may not be able to locate suitable replacements for any key employees who leave, or offer employment to potential replacements on reasonable terms, all of which could adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, and operating results.
impairment in the carrying value of goodwill or other intangibles could result in the incurrence of impairment charges and negatively impact our net worth.
as of may 31, 2020, we had goodwill of $11.44 billion and other intangibles of $4.32 billion. the net carrying value of goodwill represents the fair value of acquired businesses in excess of identifiable assets and liabilities as of the acquisition date (or subsequent impairment date, if applicable). the net carrying value of other intangibles represents the fair value of trademarks,
14
customer relationships, and other acquired intangibles as of the acquisition date (or subsequent impairment date, if applicable), net of accumulated amortization. goodwill and other acquired intangibles expected to contribute indefinitely to our cash flows are not amortized, but must be evaluated by management at least annually for impairment. amortized intangible assets are evaluated for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstance indicate that the carrying amounts of these assets may not be recoverable. impairments to goodwill and other intangible assets may be caused by factors outside our control, such as the inability to quickly replace lost co-manufacturing business, increasing competitive pricing pressures, lower than expected revenue and profit growth rates, changes in industry ebitda (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization) multiples, changes in discount rates based on changes in cost of capital (interest rates, etc.), or the bankruptcy of a significant customer and could result in the incurrence of impairment charges and negatively impact our net worth.
our results could be adversely impacted as a result of increased pension, labor, and people-related expenses.
inflationary pressures and any shortages in the labor market could increase labor costs, which could have a material adverse effect on our operating results or financial condition. our labor costs include the cost of providing employee benefits in the u.s. and foreign jurisdictions, including pension, health and welfare, and severance benefits. changes in interest rates, mortality rates, health care costs, early retirement rates, investment returns, and the market value of plan assets can affect the funded status of our defined benefit plans and cause volatility in the future funding requirements of the plans. a significant increase in our obligations or future funding requirements could have a negative impact on our results of operations and cash flows from operations. additionally, the annual costs of benefits vary with increased costs of health care and the outcome of collectively-bargained wage and benefit agreements.
climate change, or legal, regulatory, or market measures to address climate change, may negatively affect our business and operations.
there is growing concern that carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases in the atmosphere may have an adverse impact on global temperatures, weather patterns, and the frequency and severity of extreme weather and natural disasters. in the event that such climate change has a negative effect on agricultural productivity, we may be subject to decreased availability or less favorable pricing for certain commodities that are necessary for our products, such as corn, wheat, and potatoes. adverse weather conditions and natural disasters can reduce crop size and crop quality, which in turn could reduce our supplies of raw materials, lower recoveries of usable raw materials, increase the prices of our raw materials, increase our cost of transporting and storing raw materials, or disrupt our production schedules.
we may also be subjected to decreased availability or less favorable pricing for water as a result of such change, which could impact our manufacturing and distribution operations. in addition, natural disasters and extreme weather conditions may disrupt the productivity of our facilities or the operation of our supply chain. the increasing concern over climate change also may result in more regional, federal, and/or global legal and regulatory requirements to reduce or mitigate the effects of greenhouse gases. in the event that such regulation is enacted and is more aggressive than the sustainability measures that we are currently undertaking to monitor our emissions and improve our energy efficiency, we may experience significant increases in our costs of operation and delivery. in particular, increasing regulation of fuel emissions could substantially increase the distribution and supply chain costs associated with our products. as a result, climate change could negatively affect our business and operations.
due to the seasonality of the business, our revenue and operating results may vary from quarter to quarter.
our sales and cash flows are affected by seasonal cyclicality. sales of frozen foods, including frozen vegetables and frozen complete bagged meals, tend to be marginally higher during the winter months. seafood sales peak during lent, in advance of the easter holiday. since many of the raw materials we process are agricultural crops, production of these products is predominantly seasonal, occurring during and immediately following the purchase of such crops. for these reasons, sequential quarterly comparisons are not a good indication of our performance or how we may perform in the future. if we are unable to obtain access to working capital or if seasonal fluctuations are greater than anticipated, there could be a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows.
the termination or expiration of current co-manufacturing arrangements could reduce our sales volume and adversely affect our results of operations.
our businesses periodically enter into co-manufacturing arrangements with manufacturers of products. the terms of these agreements vary but are generally for relatively short periods of time. volumes produced under each of these agreements can fluctuate significantly based upon the product's life cycle, product promotions, alternative production capacity, and other factors, none of which are under our direct control. our future ability to enter into co-manufacturing arrangements is not guaranteed, and a decrease in current co-manufacturing levels could have a significant negative impact on sales volume.
15
as we outsource certain functions, we become more dependent on the third parties performing those functions.
as part of a concerted effort to achieve cost savings and efficiencies, we have entered into agreements with third-party service providers under which we have outsourced certain information systems, sales, finance, accounting, and other functions, and we may enter into managed services agreements with respect to other functions in the future. if any of these third-party service providers do not perform according to the terms of the agreements, or if we fail to adequately monitor their performance, we may not be able to achieve the expected cost savings or we may have to incur additional costs to correct errors made by such service providers, and our reputation could be harmed. depending on the function involved, such errors may also lead to business interruption, damage or disruption of information technology systems, processing inefficiencies, the loss of or damage to intellectual property or non-public company sensitive information through security breaches or otherwise, effects on financial reporting, litigation or remediation costs, or damage to our reputation, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business. in addition, if we transition functions to one or more new, or among existing, external service providers, we may experience challenges that could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition.
our intellectual property rights are valuable, and any inability to protect them could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
our intellectual property rights, including our trademarks, licensing agreements, trade secrets, patents, and copyrights, are a significant and valuable aspect of our business. we attempt to protect our intellectual property rights by pursuing remedies available to us under trademark, copyright, trade secret, and patent laws, as well as entering into licensing, third-party nondisclosure and assignment agreements and policing of third-party misuses of our intellectual property. if we fail to adequately protect the intellectual property rights we have now or may acquire in the future, or if there occurs any change in law or otherwise that serves to reduce or remove the current legal protections of our intellectual property, then our financial results could be materially and adversely affected.
certain of our intellectual property rights, including the p.f. chang's®, bertolli®, and libby's® trademarks, are owned by third parties and licensed to us, and others, such as alexia®, are owned by us and licensed to third parties. while many of these licensing arrangements are perpetual in nature, others must be periodically renegotiated or renewed pursuant to the terms of such licensing arrangement. if in the future we are unable to renew such a licensing arrangement pursuant to its terms and conditions, or if we fail to renegotiate such a licensing arrangement, then our financial results could be materially and adversely affected.
there is also a risk that other parties may have intellectual property rights covering some of our brands, products, or technology. if any third parties bring a claim of intellectual property infringement against us, we may be subject to costly and time-consuming litigation, diverting the attention of management and our employees. if we are unsuccessful in defending against such claims, we may be subject to, among other things, significant damages, injunctions against development and sale of certain products, or we may be required to enter into costly licensing agreements, any of which could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
our stock price may be subject to significant volatility, and you may not be able to resell shares of our common stock at or above the price you paid or at all, and you could lose all or part of your investment as a result.
the market price of our common stock could fluctuate significantly for many reasons, including reasons not specifically related to our performance, such as industry or market trends, reports by industry analysts and other third parties, investor perceptions, actions by credit rating agencies, negative announcements by our customers or competitors regarding their own performance or actions taken by our competitors, as well as general economic and industry conditions. our common stock price is also affected by announcements we make about our business, market data that is available to subscribers, analyst reports related to our company, changes in financial estimates by analysts, whether or not we meet the financial estimates of analysts who follow our company, rating agency announcements about our business, variations in our quarterly results of operations and those of our competitors, general economic and stock market conditions, future sales of our common stock, perceptions of the investment opportunity associated with our common stock relative to other investment alternatives, the public's reaction to our public announcements and filings with the sec, actual or anticipated growth rates relative to our competitors, and speculation by the investment community regarding our business, among other factors.
as a result of these factors, investors in our common stock may not be able to resell their shares at or above the price at which they purchase our common stock. in addition, the stock market in general has experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of companies like us. these broad market and industry factors may materially reduce the market price of our common stock, regardless of our operating performance. in addition, in the past, some companies that have had volatile market prices for their securities have been subject to class action or derivative lawsuits. the filing of a lawsuit against us, regardless of the outcome, could have a negative effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, as it could result in substantial legal costs and a diversion of management's attention and resources.
16
we may not realize the growth opportunities and cost synergies that are anticipated from the acquisition of pinnacle.
the benefits that are expected to result from the acquisition will depend, in part, on our ability to realize the anticipated growth opportunities and cost synergies as the result of the acquisition. our success in realizing these growth opportunities and cost synergies, and the timing of this realization, depends on the successful integration of pinnacle. there is a significant degree of difficulty and management distraction inherent in the process of integrating a company as sizable as pinnacle. the process of integrating operations could cause an interruption of, or loss of momentum in, our activities. members of our senior management may be required to devote considerable amounts of time to this integration process, which will decrease the time they will have to manage the company, service existing customers, attract new customers, and develop new products or strategies. if senior management is not able to effectively manage the integration process, or if any significant business activities are interrupted as a result of the integration process, our business could suffer. there can be no assurance that we will successfully or cost-effectively integrate pinnacle. the failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
even if we are able to integrate pinnacle successfully, this integration may not result in the realization of the full benefits that are currently expected from this acquisition, and there can be no guarantee that these benefits will be achieved within the anticipated time frames or at all. for example, we may not be able to eliminate duplicative costs. moreover, we may incur substantial expenses in connection with the integration of pinnacle. while it is anticipated that certain expenses will be incurred to achieve cost synergies, such expenses are difficult to estimate accurately, and may exceed current estimates. accordingly, the benefits from the acquisition may be offset by costs incurred to, or delays in, integrating the business.
we may be exposed to claims and liabilities or incur operational difficulties as a result of the spinoff.
the spinoff continues to involve a number of risks, including, among other things, certain indemnification risks and risk associated with the provision of transitional services. in connection with the spinoff, we entered into a separation and distribution agreement and various other agreements (including a transition services agreement, a tax matters agreement, an employee matters agreement, and a trademark license agreement), which we refer to as the lamb weston agreements. the lamb weston agreements govern the spinoff and the relationship between the two companies going forward. they also provide for the performance of services by each company for the benefit of the other for a period of time.
the lamb weston agreements provide for indemnification obligations designed to make lamb weston financially responsible for certain liabilities that may exist relating to its business activities, whether incurred prior to or after the distribution, including any pending or future litigation. it is possible that a court would disregard the allocation agreed to between us and lamb weston and require us to assume responsibility for obligations allocated to lamb weston. third parties could also seek to hold us responsible for any of these liabilities or obligations, and the indemnity rights we have under the separation and distribution agreement may not be sufficient to fully cover all of these liabilities and obligations. even if we are successful in obtaining indemnification, we may have to bear costs temporarily. in addition, our indemnity obligations to lamb weston may be significant. these risks could negatively affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations.
in addition, certain of the lamb weston agreements provide for the performance of services by each company for the benefit of the other for a period of time. as such, there is continued risk that management's and our employees' attention will be significantly diverted by the provision of transitional services. the lamb weston agreements could also lead to disputes over rights to certain shared property and rights and over the allocation of costs and revenues for products and operations. if lamb weston is unable to satisfy its obligations under these agreements, including its indemnification obligations, we could incur losses. our inability to effectively manage separation activities and related events could adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion and analysis is intended to provide a summary of significant factors relevant to our financial performance and condition. the discussion and analysis should be read together with our consolidated financial statements and related notes in item 8, financial statements and supplementary data. results for the fiscal year ended may 31, 2020 are not necessarily indicative of results that may be attained in the future.
forward-looking statements the information contained in this report includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. examples of forward-looking statements include statements regarding our expected future financial performance or position, results of operations, business strategy, plans and objectives of management for future operations, and other statements that are not historical facts. you can identify forward-looking statements by their use of forward-looking words, such as "may", "will", "anticipate", "expect", "believe", "estimate", "intend", "plan", "should", "seek", or comparable terms.
readers of this report should understand that these forward-looking statements are not guarantees of performance or results. forward-looking statements provide our current expectations and beliefs concerning future events and are subject to risks, uncertainties, and factors relating to our business and operations, all of which are difficult to predict and could cause our actual results to differ materially from the expectations expressed in or implied by such forward-looking statements. these risks, uncertainties, and factors include, among other things: the risk that the cost savings and any other synergies from the acquisition of pinnacle foods inc. (the "pinnacle acquisition") may not be fully realized or may take longer to realize than expected; the risk that the pinnacle acquisition may not be accretive within the expected timeframe or to the extent anticipated; the risks that the pinnacle acquisition and related integration will create disruption to the company and its management and impede the achievement of business plans; the risk that the pinnacle acquisition will negatively impact the ability to retain and hire key personnel and maintain relationships with customers, suppliers, and other third parties; risks related to our ability to successfully address pinnacle's business challenges; risks related to our ability to achieve the intended benefits of other recent acquisitions and divestitures; risks associated with general economic and industry conditions; risks associated with our ability to successfully execute our long-term value creation strategies, including those in place for specific brands at pinnacle before the pinnacle acquisition; risks related to our ability to deleverage on currently anticipated timelines, and to continue to access capital on acceptable terms or at all; risks related to our ability to execute operating and restructuring plans and achieve targeted operating efficiencies from cost-saving initiatives, related to the pinnacle acquisition and otherwise, and to benefit from trade optimization programs, related to the pinnacle acquisition and otherwise; risks related to the effectiveness of our hedging activities and ability to respond to volatility in commodities; risks related to the company's competitive environment and related market conditions; risks related to our ability to respond to changing consumer preferences and the success of its innovation and marketing investments; risks related to the ultimate impact of any product recalls and litigation, including litigation related to the lead paint and pigment matters, as well as any securities litigation, including securities class action lawsuits; risk associated with actions of governments and regulatory bodies that affect our businesses, including the ultimate impact of new or revised regulations or interpretations; risks related to the impact of the recent coronavirus (covid-19) pandemic on our business, suppliers, consumers, customers and employees; risks related to the availability and prices of raw materials, including any negative effects caused by inflation, weather conditions, or health pandemics; disruptions or inefficiencies in our supply chain and/or operations, including from the recent covid-19 pandemic; risks and uncertainties associated with intangible assets, including any future goodwill or intangible assets impairment charges, related to the pinnacle acquisition or otherwise; the costs, disruption, and diversion of management's attention due to the integration of the pinnacle acquisition; and other risks described in our reports filed from time to time with the securities and exchange commission (the "sec"). we caution readers not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements included in this report, which speak only as of the date of this report. we undertake no responsibility to update these statements, except as required by law.
the discussion that follows should be read together with the consolidated financial statements and related notes contained in this report. results for fiscal 2020 are not necessarily indicative of results that may be attained in the future.
executive overview conagra brands, inc. (the "company", "conagra brands", "we", "us", or "our"), headquartered in chicago, is one of north america's leading branded food companies. guided by an entrepreneurial spirit, the company combines a rich heritage of making great food with a sharpened focus on innovation. the company's portfolio is evolving to satisfy people's changing food preferences. its iconic brands such as birds eye®, marie callender's®, banquet®, healthy choice®, slim jim®, reddi-wip®, and
22
vlasic®, as well as emerging brands, including angie's® boomchickapop®, duke's®, earth balance®, gardein®, and frontera®, offer choices for every occasion.
fiscal 2019 pinnacle acquisition on october 26, 2018, we completed our acquisition of pinnacle foods inc ("pinnacle"), a branded packaged foods company specializing in shelf-stable and frozen foods. the total amount of consideration paid in connection with the acquisition was approximately $8.03 billion, consisting of cash and shares of our stock, as described in more detail in the section entitled "acquisitions" below.
in connection with the pinnacle acquisition, we issued approximately $8.33 billion of long-term debt and received cash proceeds of $575.0 million ($555.7 million net of related fees) from the issuance of common stock in an underwritten public offering. we used such proceeds for the payment of the cash portion of the merger consideration (as defined below), the repayment of pinnacle debt acquired, the refinancing of certain conagra brands debt, and the payment of related fees and expenses.
the integration of pinnacle is continuing and on-track. we expect to achieve cost synergies of $305 million per year when the integration is concluded.
in the first quarter of fiscal 2020, we reorganized our reporting segments to incorporate the pinnacle operations into our legacy reporting segments in order to better reflect how the business is now being managed. prior periods have been reclassified to conform to the revised segment presentation.
fiscal 2020 results fiscal 2020 performance compared to fiscal 2019 reflected an increase in net sales, including the impact of recent acquisitions, with organic (excludes the impacts of foreign exchange, divested businesses and acquisitions, including the pinnacle acquisition (until the anniversary date of the acquisitions), as well as the impact of the 53rd week of our fiscal year) increases in all of our operating segments with the exception of our foodservice segment, in each case compared to fiscal 2019. organic net sales for our retail segments (inclusive of grocery & snacks, refrigerated & frozen, and international) were positively impacted by the increase in at-home food consumption as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, with sales declines in our foodservice segment due to lower traffic in away-from-home food outlets.
overall gross margin increased with the addition of pinnacle's gross profit, organic net sales growth, supply chain realized productivity, cost synergies, and the inclusion of the 53rd week of our fiscal year. these benefits were partially offset by higher input and transportation costs, lost profits due to divested businesses, pandemic-related costs, and the impact of foreign exchange rates. overall segment operating profit increased in all of our operating segments with the exception of our foodservice segment. corporate expenses decreased due to items impacting comparability, as discussed below. we experienced a slight decrease in equity method investment earnings, a decrease in income tax expense, and an increase in interest expense, in each case compared to fiscal 2019.
diluted earnings per share in fiscal 2020 were $1.72. diluted earnings per share in fiscal 2019 were $1.52, including earnings of $1.53 per diluted share from continuing operations and a loss of $0.01 per diluted share from discontinued operations. diluted earnings per share were affected by higher net income, partially offset by an increase in the number of shares as well as several significant items affecting the comparability of year-over-year results of continuing operations (see "items impacting comparability" below).
items impacting comparability items of note impacting comparability of results from continuing operations for fiscal 2020 included the following:
•   charges totaling $165.5 million ($127.0 million after-tax) related to the impairment of intangible assets,

23
•   charges totaling $139.5 million ($106.8 million after-tax) in connection with our restructuring plans,

•   charges totaling $59.0 million ($55.0 million after-tax) related to the impairment of businesses held for sale,

•   an income tax benefit of $51.2 million associated primarily related to the reorganization of various legacy pinnacle legal entities and state tax planning strategies,

•   charges totaling $42.9 million ($32.1 million after-tax) related to pension plan lump-sum settlements and a remeasurement of our hourly and non-qualified pension plan liability,

•   a gain of $11.9 million ($8.9 million after-tax) related to a contract settlement,

•   charges totaling $10.1 million ($7.6 million after-tax) related to legal and environmental matters, and

•   charges totaling $5.3 million ($3.9 million after-tax) associated with costs incurred for acquisitions and divestitures.

items of note impacting comparability of results from continuing operations for fiscal 2019 included the following:
•   charges totaling $180.8 million ($138.9 million after-tax) in connection with our restructuring plans,

•   charges totaling $118.1 million ($94.8 million after-tax) associated with costs incurred for acquisitions and divestitures,

•   charges totaling $89.6 million ($66.9 million after-tax and net of non-controlling interest) related to the impairment of other intangible assets,

•   gains of $69.4 million ($35.1 million after-tax) from the sales of the del monte® canada business, the wesson® oil business, and the gelit pasta business,

•   incremental cost of goods sold of $53.0 million ($39.5 million after-tax) due to the fair value adjustment to inventory resulting from acquisition accounting for the pinnacle acquisition,

•   a gain of $39.1 million ($29.1 million after-tax) related to legal matters,

•   an income tax benefit of $32.4 million associated with a change in a valuation allowance on a deferred tax asset due to the divestitures of the wesson® oil business and the gelit pasta business,

•   a gain of $27.3 million ($27.3 million after-tax) related to the novation of a legacy guarantee,

•   a gain of $15.1 million ($12.2 million after-tax) related to the fair value adjustment of cash settleable equity awards issued in connection with, and included in the acquisition consideration of, the pinnacle acquisition,

•   a gain of $15.1 million ($11.6 million after-tax) related to the sale of an asset within the ardent mills joint venture,

•   an income tax charge of $10.4 million associated with unusual tax items primarily related to legal entity restructuring activity,

•   charges totaling $8.9 million ($6.6 million after-tax) associated with costs incurred for integration activities related to the pinnacle acquisition, and

•   charges totaling $4.3 million ($3.2 million after-tax) related to pension plan lump-sum settlements and a remeasurement of our salaried and non-qualified pension plan liability.

in addition, fiscal 2020 earnings per share benefited by approximately $0.05 as a result of the fiscal year including 53 weeks.
segment presentation of gains and losses from derivatives used for economic hedging of anticipated commodity input costs and economic hedging of foreign currency exchange rate risks of anticipated transactions are discussed in the segment review below.
acquisitions on october 26, 2018, we completed the pinnacle acquisition. pursuant to the agreement and plan of merger, dated as of june 26, 2018 (the "merger agreement"), among the company, pinnacle, and patriot merger sub inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of the company that ceased to exist at the effective time of the merger, each outstanding share of pinnacle common stock was converted into the right to receive $43.11 per share in cash and 0.6494 shares of common stock, par value $5.00 per share, of the
24
company ("company shares") (together, the "merger consideration"), with cash payable in lieu of fractional shares of company shares. the total amount of consideration paid in connection with the acquisition was approximately $8.03 billion and consisted of: (1) cash of $5.17 billion ($5.12 billion, net of cash acquired); (2) 77.5 million company shares, with an approximate value of $2.82 billion, issued out of the company's treasury to former holders of pinnacle stock; and (3) replacement awards issued to former pinnacle employees representing the fair value attributable to pre-combination service of $51.1 million. approximately $7.03 billion of the purchase price was allocated to goodwill and approximately $3.52 billion was allocated to brands, trademarks and other intangibles. of the total goodwill, $236.7 million is deductible for tax purposes. amortizable brands, trademarks and other intangibles totaled $668.7 million. indefinite lived brands, trademarks and other intangibles totaled $2.85 billion.
in february 2018, we acquired the sandwich bros. of wisconsin® business, maker of frozen breakfast and entree flatbread pocket sandwiches, for a cash purchase price of $87.3 million, net of cash acquired. approximately $57.8 million has been classified as goodwill, and $9.7 million and $7.1 million have been classified as non-amortizing and amortizing intangible assets, respectively. the amount of goodwill allocated is deductible for tax purposes. the business is included in the refrigerated & frozen segment.
in october 2017, we acquired angie's artisan treats, llc, maker of angie's® boomchickapop® ready-to-eat popcorn, for a cash purchase price of $249.8 million, net of cash acquired. approximately $156.7 million has been classified as goodwill, of which $95.4 million is deductible for income tax purposes. approximately $73.8 million and $10.3 million of the purchase price have been allocated to non-amortizing and amortizing intangible assets, respectively. the business is primarily included in the grocery & snacks segment, and to a lesser extent in the international segment.
divestitures during the third quarter of fiscal 2020, we completed the sale of our lender's® bagel business for net proceeds of $33.2 million, subject to final working capital adjustments. the results of operations of the divested lender's® bagel business were primarily included in our refrigerated & frozen segment, and to a lesser extent within our foodservice segment for the periods preceding the completion of the transaction. the assets and liabilities of this business have been reclassified as assets and liabilities held for sale within our consolidated balance sheets for all periods presented prior to the divestiture.
during the second quarter of fiscal 2020, we completed the sale of our direct store delivery ("dsd") snacks business, for net proceeds of $137.5 million, including final working capital adjustments. the results of operations of the divested dsd snacks business were included in our grocery & snacks segment for the periods preceding the completion of the transaction. the assets and liabilities of this business have been reclassified as assets and liabilities held for sale within our consolidated balance sheets for all periods presented prior to the divestiture.
during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019, we completed the sale of our italian-based frozen pasta business, gelit, for proceeds net of cash divested of $80.1 million, including final working capital adjustments. the results of operations of the divested gelit business were primarily included in our refrigerated & frozen segment for the periods preceding the completion of the transaction.
during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019, we also completed the sale of our wesson® oil business for net proceeds of $168.3 million, including final working capital adjustments. the results of operations of the divested wesson® oil business were primarily included in our grocery & snacks segment, and to a lesser extent within the foodservice and international segments, for the periods preceding the completion of the transaction.
during the first quarter of fiscal 2019, we completed the sale of our del monte® processed fruit and vegetable business in canada for combined proceeds of $32.2 million. the results of operations of the divested del monte® business were included in our international segment for the periods preceding the completion of the transaction.
restructuring plans in december 2018, our board of directors (the "board") approved a restructuring and integration plan related to the ongoing integration of the recently acquired operations of pinnacle (the "pinnacle integration restructuring plan") for the purpose of achieving significant cost synergies between the companies, as a result of which we expect to incur material charges for exit and disposal activities under u.s. generally accepted accounting principles ("u.s. gaap"). we have approved the incurrence of up to $360.0 million ($255.0 million of cash charges and $105.0 million of non-cash charges) in connection with operational expenditures under the pinnacle integration restructuring plan.
25
although we remain unable to make good faith estimates relating to the entire pinnacle integration restructuring plan, we are reporting on actions initiated through the end of fiscal 2020, including the estimated amounts or range of amounts for each major type of cost expected to be incurred, and the charges that have resulted or will result in cash outflows. we have incurred or expect to incur approximately $360.2 million of charges ($277.2 million of cash charges and $83.0 million of non-cash charges) for actions identified to date under the pinnacle integration restructuring plan. we recognized charges of $73.8 million and $168.2 million in connection with the pinnacle integration restructuring plan in fiscal 2020 and 2019, respectively. we expect to incur costs related to the pinnacle integration restructuring plan through fiscal 2022.
in fiscal 2019, management initiated a restructuring plan (the "conagra restructuring plan") for costs in connection with actions taken to improve selling, general and administrative ("sg&a") expense effectiveness and efficiencies and to optimize our supply chain network. although we remain unable to make good faith estimates relating to the entire conagra restructuring plan, we are reporting on actions initiated through the end of fiscal 2020, including the estimated amounts or range of amounts for each major type of cost expected to be incurred, and the charges that have resulted or will result in cash outflows. as of may 31, 2020, we have approved the incurrence of $131.1 million ($38.2 million of cash charges and $92.9 million of non-cash charges) for several projects associated with the conagra restructuring plan. we have incurred or expect to incur $129.5 million of charges ($40.1 million of cash charges and $89.4 million of non-cash charges) for actions identified to date under the conagra restructuring plan. we recognized charges of $64.4 million and $2.2 million in connection with the conagra restructuring plan in fiscal 2020 and 2019, respectively.
covid-19
we are closely monitoring the impact of the outbreak of the novel coronavirus (covid-19) on all aspects of  our business. we experienced significantly higher sales during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020 for our products in both of our grocery & snacks and refrigerated & frozen segments due to the covid-19 pandemic, as consumers increased their at-home consumption. we continue to see increased orders from retail customers in north america subsequent to the end of fiscal 2020 in response to increased consumer demand for food at home and expect that trend to continue for at least a portion of fiscal 2021 as work-from-home arrangements are extended in response to the continued spread of covid-19. however, the increased consumer demand may reverse in the coming months as consumer purchasing behavior changes as a result of the economic downturn. during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020, we experienced reduced demand for our foodservice products across all of our major markets as consumer traffic in away-from-home food outlets decreased as a result of the covid-19 pandemic. we expect this trend to continue for at least a portion of fiscal 2021, which will continue to negatively impact our net sales to customers in our foodservice segment. while we generally expect retail and foodservice demand levels to return to historical norms as we progress through fiscal 2021, given the inherent uncertainty of the situation surrounding the covid-19 pandemic, we are unable to predict the nature and timing of when such normalization may occur.
during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020, our operating margins saw improvement largely due to favorable overhead absorption at our manufacturing facilities, lower advertising and promotion costs, and reduced travel expenses. that benefit was largely offset by several factors including higher transportation and warehousing costs, temporary plant closures, employee safety and sanitation costs, and employee compensation costs, which accounted for an estimated $40 million of incremental costs in the fourth quarter.
we created an internal covid-19 pandemic team in order to review and assess the evolving covid-19 pandemic, and to recommend risk mitigation actions for the health and safety of our employees. in order to enhance the safety of our employees during the covid-19 pandemic, we have implemented various measures, including the installation of physical barriers between employees in production facilities, extensive cleaning and sanitation of both production and office spaces, and implementation of broad work-from-home initiatives for office personnel. while all of these measures have been necessary and appropriate, they have resulted in additional costs, which we expect to continue to incur throughout fiscal 2021 to continue to address employee safety. the implementation of such safety measures has not resulted in any meaningful change to our control environment.
as mentioned above, we have experienced some challenges in connection with the covid-19 pandemic, including temporary closings of production facilities and reduced demand for certain of our products. despite these challenges, there has been minimal disruption to our supply chain network to date, including the supply of our ingredients, packaging, or other sourced materials. however, we are continuing to closely monitor the potential impacts of the covid-19 pandemic, as we cannot predict its ultimate impact on our suppliers, distributors, and manufacturers.
at this time, we have not experienced a net negative impact on our liquidity or results of operations and we believe we have sufficient liquidity to satisfy our cash needs. we will continue to evaluate the nature and extent of the impact to our business, consolidated results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity.
26
segment review during fiscal 2020, we reorganized our reporting segments to incorporate the pinnacle business into our legacy reporting segments in order to better reflect how the business is now being managed. we now reflect our results of operations in four reporting segments: grocery & snacks, refrigerated & frozen, international, and foodservice. prior periods have been reclassified to conform to the revised segment presentation.
grocery & snacks the grocery & snacks reporting segment principally includes branded, shelf-stable food products sold in various retail channels in the united states.
refrigerated & frozen the refrigerated & frozen reporting segment principally includes branded, temperature-controlled food products sold in various retail channels in the united states.
international the international reporting segment principally includes branded food products, in various temperature states, sold in various retail and foodservice channels outside of the united states.
foodservice the foodservice reporting segment includes branded and customized food products, including meals, entrees, sauces, and a variety of custom-manufactured culinary products, that are packaged for sale to restaurants and other foodservice establishments primarily in the united states.
presentation of derivative gains (losses) from economic hedges of forecasted cash flows in segment results derivatives used to manage commodity price risk and foreign currency risk are not designated for hedge accounting treatment. we believe these derivatives provide economic hedges of certain forecasted transactions. as such, these derivatives are generally recognized at fair market value with realized and unrealized gains and losses recognized in general corporate expenses. the gains and losses are subsequently recognized in the operating results of the reporting segments in the period in which the underlying transaction being economically hedged is included in earnings. in the event that management determines a particular derivative entered into as an economic hedge of a forecasted commodity purchase has ceased to function as an economic hedge, we cease recognizing further gains and losses on such derivatives in corporate expense and begin recognizing such gains and losses within segment operating results, immediately.
the following table presents the net derivative gains (losses) from economic hedges of forecasted commodity consumption and the foreign currency risk of certain forecasted transactions, under this methodology:
($ in millions)                                fiscal 2020         fiscal 2019         fiscal 2018

net derivative losses incurred                                           $(12.9          )   $(3.6           )   $(0.9           )
less: net derivative losses allocated to reporting segments                      (7.4    )           (1.8    )            (7.1   )
net derivative gains (losses) recognized in general corporate expenses   $(5.5           )   $(1.8           )   $6.2
net derivative gains (losses) allocated to grocery &amp; snacks          $(4.7           )   $(2.5           )   $0.2
net derivative losses allocated to refrigerated &amp; frozen                     (2.5    )           (1.5    )            (0.3   )
net derivative gains (losses) allocated to international                 0.1                 2.8                          (6.9   )
net derivative losses allocated to foodservice                                   (0.3    )           (0.6    )            (0.1   )
net derivative losses included in segment operating profit               $(7.4           )   $(1.8           )   $(7.1           )
as of may 31, 2020, the cumulative amount of net derivative losses from economic hedges that had been recognized in general corporate expenses and not yet allocated to reporting segments was $4.1 million. this amount reflected net losses of $4.5 million incurred during the fiscal year ended may 31, 2020, as well as net gains of $0.4 million incurred prior to fiscal 2020. based on our forecasts of the timing of recognition of the underlying hedged items, we expect to reclassify to segment operating results net losses of $2.1 million in fiscal 2021 and $2.0 million in fiscal 2022 and thereafter.
27
fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019
net sales
($ in millions)          fiscal 2020       fiscal 2019      % inc reporting segment          net sales         net sales       (dec)

grocery &amp; snacks               $4,617.1          $3,923.6        18    %
refrigerated &amp; frozen           4,559.6           3,735.4        22    %
international                         925.3             864.4         7    %
foodservice                           952.4           1,015.0        (6   )%
total                             $11,054.4          $9,538.4        16    %
overall, our net sales were $11.05 billion in fiscal 2020, an increase of 16% compared to fiscal 2019.
grocery & snacks net sales for fiscal 2020 were $4.62 billion, an increase of $693.5 million, or 18%, compared to fiscal 2019. volume, excluding the impact of acquisitions and divestitures, increased 10% in fiscal 2020 compared to the prior-year period. this result reflected an increase across multiple categories, primarily in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020, as consumers increased their at-home food consumption in connection with the covid-19 pandemic. price/mix decreased 1% compared to the prior year due to incremental trade and strategic investments with certain customers and brands. the inclusion of an additional week of results in fiscal 2020 accounted for 2% of the increase in net sales. the acquisition of pinnacle in the second quarter of fiscal 2019 contributed $406.3 million, or 10%, to grocery & snacks net sales during fiscal 2020, through the one-year anniversary of the acquisition. fiscal 2020 and 2019 included $23.1 million and $39.5 million, respectively, of net sales related to our private label peanut butter business, which we exited in the third quarter of fiscal 2020. fiscal 2020 and 2019 included $46.1 million and $59.6 million, respectively, of net sales related to our dsd snacks business, which was sold in the second quarter of fiscal 2020. fiscal 2019 results included $115.9 million of net sales related to our wesson® oil business, which was sold in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019.
refrigerated & frozen net sales for fiscal 2020 were $4.56 billion, an increase of $824.2 million, or 22%, compared to fiscal 2019. results for fiscal 2020 reflected a 5% increase in volume compared to fiscal 2019, excluding the impact of acquisitions and divestitures. the increase in sales volumes was a result of consumers increasing their at-home food consumption in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020 in connection with the covid-19 pandemic and new innovation during the current fiscal year. price/mix increased 1% compared to fiscal 2019. the inclusion of an additional week of results in fiscal 2020 accounted for 2% of the increase in net sales. the acquisition of pinnacle contributed $567.6 million, or 15%, to refrigerated & frozen net sales for fiscal 2020, through the one-year anniversary of the acquisition. fiscal 2020 included $23.2 million of net sales related to our lender's® bagel business, which was sold in the third quarter of fiscal 2020. fiscal 2019 included $24.0 million of net sales related to this business. fiscal 2019 also included $56.7 million of net sales related to our italian-based frozen pasta business, gelit, which was sold in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019.
international net sales for fiscal 2020 were $925.3 million, an increase of $60.9 million, or 7%, compared to fiscal 2019. results for fiscal 2020 reflected a 4% increase in volume, excluding the impact of acquisitions and divestitures, a 2% decrease due to foreign exchange rates, a 2% increase due to the inclusion of an additional week of results, and a 1% increase in price/mix, in each case compared to fiscal 2019. the volume increases for fiscal 2020 were driven by elevated demand related to the impacts of the covid-19 pandemic, partially offset by lower volumes in india due to the country-wide closure of manufacturing plants and stores during the fourth quarter. the acquisition of pinnacle contributed $46.0 million, or 5%, to international net sales for fiscal 2020, through the one-year anniversary of the acquisition. fiscal 2019 included $17.1 million of net sales related to our divested wesson® oil business. fiscal 2019 also included $4.1 million of net sales related to our del monte® processed fruit and vegetable business in canada, which was sold in the first quarter of fiscal 2019.
foodservice net sales for fiscal 2020 were $952.4 million, a decrease of $62.6 million, or 6%, compared to fiscal 2019. results for fiscal 2020 reflected a 13% decrease in volume, excluding the impact of acquisitions and divestitures. the decline in volume reflected lower restaurant traffic as a result of the covid-19 pandemic and continued execution of the segment's value-over-volume strategy. price/mix increased 3% in fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019, reflecting inflation-related pricing and the value-over-volume strategy. the decrease in net sales was offset by a 1% increase attributable to an additional week of results in fiscal 2020. the acquisition of pinnacle contributed $57.7 million, or 6%, for fiscal 2020, through the one-year anniversary of the acquisition. fiscal 2020 and 2019 included $6.6 million and $6.2 million, respectively, of net sales related to our lender's® bagel business, which was sold in the third quarter of fiscal 2020. fiscal 2020 included $4.6 million of net sales related to our private label peanut butter business, which we exited in the third quarter of fiscal 2020. fiscal 2019 included $8.8 million of net sales related to this business. fiscal 2019 included $34.2 million of net sales related to our wesson® oil business, which was sold in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019. fiscal 2019 also included net sales of $2.0 million related to our trenton, missouri production facility, which was sold in the second quarter of fiscal 2019.
28
sg&a expenses (includes general corporate expenses)
sg&a expenses totaled $1.62 billion for fiscal 2020, an increase of $149.1 million compared to fiscal 2019. sg&a expenses for fiscal 2020 reflected the following:
items impacting comparability of earnings
•   expenses of $165.5 million related to the impairment of intangible assets,

•   expenses of $105.7 million in connection with our restructuring plans,

•   expense of $59.0 million related to the impairment of businesses held for sale,

•   a benefit of $11.9 million related to a contract settlement,

•   charges totaling $10.1 million related to legal and environmental matters,

•   expenses of $5.3 million associated with costs incurred for acquisitions and divestitures, and

•   a net loss of $1.7 million related to divestitures of businesses.

other changes in expenses compared to fiscal 2019
•   an increase in incentive compensation expense of $44.8 million, due to exceeding certain performance targets,

•   an increase in share-based payment and deferred compensation expense of $33.0 million, due to an increase in stock price and exceeding certain performance targets,

•   a decrease in advertising and promotion expense of $22.7 million, largely as spending was reduced in the fourth quarter with elevated sales demand,

•   an increase of $11.5 million in information technology-related expenses,

•   a decrease in self-insured workers' compensation and product liability expense of $10.9 million,

•   an increase of $10.7 million of amortization of definite lived intangible assets, attributable to the pinnacle acquisition,

•   an increase in charitable contributions of $7.3 million, in part due to the recent covid-19 pandemic,

•   a decrease in professional fees of $7.2 million,

•   a decrease in royalty expense of $7.2 million, in part due to the expiration of a royalty agreement,

•   a decrease in depreciation expense of $5.8 million,

•   a decrease in travel and entertainment expense of $4.4 million, in part due to reduced travel from the covid-19 pandemic,

•   a decrease in commission expense of $3.8 million, and

•   an increase in transaction services agreement income of $3.4 million.

sg&a expenses for fiscal 2019 included the following items impacting the comparability of earnings:
•   expenses of $170.3 million in connection with our restructuring plans,

•   expenses of $106.2 million associated with costs incurred for acquisitions and divestitures,

•   expenses of $89.6 million related to intangible impairments,

•   gains of $69.4 million related to the divestitures of businesses,

•   a benefit of $39.1 million related to legal matters,

•   a benefit of $27.3 million related to the novation of a legacy guarantee,

•   a benefit of $15.1 million related to the fair value adjustment of cash settleable equity awards issued in connection with, and included in the consideration for the pinnacle acquisition, and

29
•   expenses of $8.9 million related to costs associated with the integration of pinnacle.

segment operating profit (earnings before general corporate expenses, pension and postretirement non-service income, interest expense, net, income taxes, and equity method investment earnings)
($ in millions)         fiscal 2020     fiscal 2019     % inc reporting segment         operating       operating      (dec)
profit          profit

grocery &amp; snacks               $915.2          $762.6         20   %
refrigerated &amp; frozen           702.2           645.1          9   %
international                       100.6            99.8          1   %
foodservice                          97.6           134.3        (27   )%
grocery & snacks operating profit for fiscal 2020 was $915.2 million, an increase of $152.6 million, or 20%, compared to fiscal 2019. gross profits were $229.0 million higher in fiscal 2020 than in fiscal 2019. the higher gross profit was driven by the increase in at-home food consumption in connection with the covid-19 pandemic, the addition of pinnacle, the impact of the 53rd week of our fiscal year, and the benefits of supply chain realized productivity, partially offset by the impacts of higher input costs, a reduction in profit associated with the divestiture of our dsd snacks and wesson® oil businesses, the exit of our private label peanut butter business, and pandemic-related costs. pandemic-related costs included investments in employee safety protocols, bonuses paid to supply chain employees, and costs necessary to meet elevated levels of demand. operating profit of the grocery & snacks segment was impacted by expense of $58.4 million and $6.1 million related to our restructuring plans in fiscal 2020 and 2019, respectively. fiscal 2020 and 2019 included brand intangible impairment charges of $46.4 million and $76.5 million, respectively. fiscal 2020 also included a charge of $31.4 million related to the impairment of a business held for sale, a benefit of $11.9 million related to a contract settlement, and costs of $3.0 million related to divestitures. fiscal 2019 included a gain of $33.1 million related to the sale of our wesson® oil business and $30.2 million of incremental cost of goods sold due to the impact of writing pinnacle inventory to fair value as part of our acquisition accounting and the subsequent sale of that inventory.
refrigerated & frozen operating profit for fiscal 2020 was $702.2 million, an increase of $57.1 million, or 9%, compared to fiscal 2019. gross profits were $227.1 million higher in fiscal 2020 than in fiscal 2019, due to the increase in at-home food consumption resulting from the covid-19 pandemic, the addition of pinnacle, the impact of the 53rd week of our fiscal year, and supply chain realized productivity, partially offset by higher input costs, lost profit from the divestiture of our lender's® bagel and italian-based frozen pasta businesses, and pandemic-related costs. operating profit of the refrigerated & frozen segment was impacted by charges of $110.8 million related to the impairment of certain brand intangible assets during fiscal 2020. fiscal 2020 and 2019 included $15.8 million and $2.9 million, respectively, of charges related to our restructuring plans. in addition, operating profit of the refrigerated & frozen segment included $27.6 million related to the impairment of a business held for sale in fiscal 2020. fiscal 2019 included a gain of $23.1 million related to the sale of our italian-based frozen pasta business, and $21.9 million of incremental cost of goods sold due to the impact of writing pinnacle inventory to fair value as part of our acquisition accounting and the subsequent sale of that inventory. advertising and promotion expenses for fiscal 2020 decreased by $13.7 million compared to fiscal 2019.
international operating profit for fiscal 2020 was $100.6 million, an increase of $0.8 million, or 1%, compared to fiscal 2019. gross profits were $6.4 million lower in fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019, due to higher input costs, increased retailer investments, the sales of our del monte® canadian and wesson® oil businesses, and pandemic-related costs, partially offset by the increased demand related to the covid-19 pandemic, the addition of pinnacle, the impact of the 53rd week of our fiscal year, and realized productivity. international gross profits also reflected a decrease of $13.7 million due to foreign exchange rates compared to the prior-year period. operating profit of the international segment was impacted by charges of $8.3 million and $13.1 million related to the impairment of certain brand intangible assets during fiscal 2020 and 2019, respectively. fiscal 2020 and 2019 included expense of $1.6 million and $4.9 million, respectively, related to our restructuring plans. in addition, fiscal 2019 included a gain of $13.2 million related to the sale of our del monte® canadian business and expense of $2.9 million related to costs incurred for divestitures.
foodservice operating profit for fiscal 2020 was $97.6 million, a decrease of $36.7 million, or 27%, compared to fiscal 2019. gross profits were $29.4 million lower in fiscal 2020 than in fiscal 2019, reflecting lower restaurant traffic due to the covid-19 pandemic, higher inventory write-offs, higher input costs, the sales of our wesson® oil and lender's® bagel businesses, the exit of our private label peanut butter business, and the sale of our trenton, missouri facility. these were slightly offset by the addition of pinnacle, the impact of the 53rd week of our fiscal year, and supply chain realized productivity.
30
pension and postretirement non-service income in fiscal 2020, pension and postretirement non-service income was $9.9 million, a decrease of $25.2 million compared to fiscal 2019. the decrease was driven by a charge of $44.8 million in fiscal 2020 compared to a charge of $5.1 million in fiscal 2019 related to the year-end write-off of actuarial losses in excess of 10% of our pension liability. the increase in losses outside of the 10% corridor was driven by a reduction of the discount rate used to remeasure the pension obligations to present value and a reduction in asset values for certain plan assets. excluding our year-end actuarial losses outside the corridor, our pension income increased due to lower interest costs as a result of declining interest rates.
interest expense, net in fiscal 2020, net interest expense was $487.1 million, an increase of $95.7 million, or 25%, from fiscal 2019. the increase reflected the issuance of $7.025 billion aggregate principal amount of unsecured senior notes and borrowings of $1.30 billion under our unsecured term loan agreement with a syndicate of financial institutions providing for a $650.0 million tranche of three-year term loans and a $650.0 million tranche of five-year term loans to the company (the "term loan agreement"), in each case in connection with the acquisition of pinnacle in the second quarter of fiscal 2019. as of may 31, 2020, we repaid all of our borrowings under the term loan agreement.
in addition, fiscal 2019 included $11.9 million of interest expense related to the amortization of costs incurred to secure fully committed bridge financing in connection with the then-pending pinnacle acquisition. the bridge financing was subsequently terminated in connection with our incurrence of permanent financing to fund the pinnacle acquisition, and we recognized the remaining unamortized financing costs of $33.8 million within sg&a expenses.
income taxes our income tax expense was $201.3 million and $218.8 million in fiscal 2020 and 2019, respectively. the effective tax rate (calculated as the ratio of income tax expense to pre-tax income from continuing operations, inclusive of equity method investment earnings) was approximately 19% and 24% for fiscal 2020 and 2019, respectively.
the effective tax rate in fiscal 2020 reflects the following:
•   the impact of a legal entity reorganization,

•   an adjustment of the valuation allowance associated with the wesson® oil business,

•   additional state income tax expense related to uncertain tax positions,

•   a benefit from the settlement of tax issues that were previously reserved,

•   additional benefit due to a change in the deferred state tax rates relating to the integration of pinnacle activity for income tax purposes,

•   an income tax benefit associated with a tax planning strategy that will allow us to utilize certain state tax attributes,

•   additional income tax expense associated with non-deductible goodwill related to assets held for sale, for which an impairment charge was recognized,

•   a tax benefit resulting from law changes,

•   a benefit from statute lapses on tax issues that were previously reserved, and

•   an income tax benefit associated with a deduction of a prior year federal income tax matter.

31
the effective tax rate in fiscal 2019 reflects the following:
•   the impact of legal entity reorganization resulting in a benefit related to undistributed foreign earnings for which the indefinite reinvestment assertion is no longer made,

•   additional tax expense on the repatriation of certain foreign earnings,

•   an adjustment of valuation allowance associated with the expected capital gains from the divestiture of the wesson® oil and gelit businesses,

•   additional tax expense on non-deductible facilitative costs associated with the pinnacle acquisition,

•   a benefit recognized due to the non-taxability of the novation of a legacy guarantee,

•   a benefit recognized due to a reduction in the fair value of equity awards subject to limitations on deductibility that were issued to pinnacle executives as replacement awards at the time of the acquisition,

•   an increase to the deemed repatriation tax liability,

•   additional tax expense due to foreign and domestic restructuring, and

•   a state tax benefit from integration of the pinnacle business.

we expect our effective tax rate in fiscal 2021, exclusive of any unusual transactions or tax events, to be approximately 23%-24%.
equity method investment earnings we include our share of the earnings of certain affiliates based on our economic ownership interest in the affiliates. our most significant affiliate is the ardent mills joint venture. our share of earnings from our equity method investment earnings were $73.2 million and $75.8 million for fiscal 2020 and 2019, respectively. results for fiscal 2020 and 2019 included a gain of $4.1 million and $15.1 million, respectively, from the sale of assets by the ardent mills joint venture. ardent mills earnings for fiscal 2020 reflected increased retail demand in the fourth quarter, which more than offset reduced foodservice demand and unfavorable market conditions during the first three quarters of the year after adjusting for the items mentioned above.
earnings per share diluted earnings per share in fiscal 2020 were $1.72. diluted earnings per share in fiscal 2019 were $1.52, including earnings of $1.53 per diluted share from continuing operations and a loss of $0.01 per diluted share from discontinued operations. the increase in diluted earnings per share reflected higher net income, partially offset by an increase in the number of shares. in addition, see "items impacting comparability" above as several significant items affected the comparability of year-over-year results of operations.
fiscal 2019 compared to fiscal 2018
net sales
($ in millions)          fiscal 2019       fiscal 2018      % inc reporting segment          net sales         net sales       (dec)

grocery &amp; snacks               $3,923.6          $3,281.0        20    %
refrigerated &amp; frozen           3,735.4           2,753.0        36    %
international                         864.4             843.5         3    %
foodservice                         1,015.0           1,060.8        (4   )%
total                              $9,538.4          $7,938.3        20    %
overall, our net sales were $9.54 billion in fiscal 2019, an increase of 20% compared to fiscal 2018.
grocery & snacks net sales for fiscal 2019 were $3.92 billion, an increase of $642.6 million, or 20%, compared to fiscal 2018. volume, excluding the impact of acquisitions and divestitures, was flat in fiscal 2019 compared to the prior-year period. this result reflected merchandising changes and price elasticity-related declines in certain brands, as well as isolated production
32
challenges, partially offset by the continued benefit from momentum and innovation successes in the snacks businesses. price/mix was flat compared to the prior year as unfavorable mix, coupled with increases in brand building investments with retailers were offset by the impact of higher pricing. the acquisition of pinnacle in the second quarter of fiscal 2019 contributed $646.7 million, or 20%, to grocery & snacks net sales during fiscal 2019. the acquisition of angie's artisan treats, llc, which was completed in october 2017, contributed $41.3 million to grocery & snacks net sales during fiscal 2019, through the one-year anniversary of the acquisition. fiscal 2019 results included $115.9 million of net sales related to our wesson® oil business, which was sold in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019. fiscal 2018 results included $156.4 million of net sales related to this divested business.
refrigerated & frozen net sales for fiscal 2019 were $3.74 billion, an increase of $982.4 million, or 36%, compared to fiscal 2018. results for fiscal 2019 reflected a 1% increase in volume compared to fiscal 2018, excluding the impact of acquisitions and divestitures. the increase in sales volumes was a result of innovation across multiple brands, which was partially offset by the effects of reduced merchandising spend and the impact of a recall during the fourth quarter. price/mix was flat compared to fiscal 2018, as continued delivery of top-line accretive innovation in several brands was partially offset by brand building investments with retailers. the acquisition of pinnacle in the second quarter of fiscal 2019 contributed $931.4 million, or 34%, to refrigerated & frozen net sales during fiscal 2019. the acquisition of the sandwich bros. of wisconsin® business, which was completed in february 2018, contributed $25.7 million to refrigerated & frozen's net sales during fiscal 2019, through the one-year anniversary of the acquisition.
international net sales for fiscal 2019 were $864.4 million, an increase of $20.9 million, or 3%, compared to fiscal 2018. results for fiscal 2019 reflected a 2% increase in volume, excluding the impact of acquisitions and divestitures, a 4% decrease due to foreign exchange rates, and a 2% increase in price/mix, in each case compared to fiscal 2018. the volume and price/mix increases for fiscal 2019 were driven by growth in the canadian snacks and frozen businesses. the acquisition of pinnacle in the second quarter of fiscal 2019 contributed $70.9 million, or 8%, to international net sales during fiscal 2019. the acquisition of angie's artisan treats, llc contributed $3.7 million to international net sales for fiscal 2019, through the one-year anniversary of the acquisition. fiscal 2019 included $4.1 million of net sales related to our del monte® processed fruit and vegetable business in canada, which was sold in the first quarter of fiscal 2019. fiscal 2018 results included $48.9 million of net sales related to this divested business. in addition, fiscal 2019 and 2018 results included $17.1 million and $24.5 million, respectively, related to our divested wesson® oil business.
foodservice net sales for fiscal 2019 were $1.02 billion, a decrease of $45.8 million, or 4%, compared to fiscal 2018. results for fiscal 2019 reflected a 7% decrease in volume, excluding divestitures. the decline in volume reflected the continued execution of the segment's value-over-volume strategy and the sale of our trenton, missouri production facility in the first quarter of fiscal 2019. price/mix increased 4% in fiscal 2019 compared to fiscal 2018. the increase in price/mix for fiscal 2019 reflected favorable product and customer mix, the impact of inflation-driven increases in pricing, and the execution of the segment's value-over-volume strategy. the acquisition of pinnacle in the second quarter of fiscal 2019 contributed $78.6 million, or 7%, to foodservice net sales during fiscal 2019. fiscal 2019 included $34.2 million of net sales related to our wesson® oil business, which was sold in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019. fiscal 2018 results included $53.4 million of net sales related to this divested business. net sales declined by approximately 7% in fiscal 2019 due to the sale of our trenton, missouri production facility.
sg&a expenses (includes general corporate expenses)
sg&a expenses totaled $1.47 billion for fiscal 2019, a decrease of $75.0 million compared to fiscal 2018. sg&a expenses for fiscal 2019 reflected the following:
items impacting comparability of earnings
•   expenses of $170.3 million in connection with our restructuring plans,

•   expenses of $106.2 million associated with costs incurred for acquisitions and divestitures,

•   expenses of $89.6 million related to intangible impairments,

•   gains of $69.4 million related to the divestitures of businesses,

•   a benefit of $39.1 million related to legal matters,

•   a benefit of $27.3 million related to the novation of a legacy guarantee,

33
•   a benefit of $15.1 million related to the fair value adjustment of cash settleable equity awards issued in connection with, and included in the consideration for the pinnacle acquisition, and

•   expenses of $8.9 million related to costs associated with the integration of pinnacle.

other changes in expenses compared to fiscal 2018
•   an increase of $81.9 million related to pinnacle sg&amp;a expenses not included in other items noted herein, representing such costs incurred from october 26, 2018 through may 26, 2019,

•   a decrease in advertising and promotion expense of $25.2 million, including $34.0 million of expense attributable to pinnacle,

•   an increase in salary and wage expense of $61.6 million, including $60.2 million attributable to pinnacle,

•   a decrease in share-based payment and deferred compensation expense of $13.1 million due to lower share price and market declines, including $1.0 million of expense attributable to pinnacle,

•   a decrease in pension and postretirement service expense of $9.6 million,

•   an increase in defined contribution plan expense of $6.9 million, including $2.4 million attributable to pinnacle,

•   a decrease in charitable contributions of $5.4 million,

•   a decrease in incentive compensation expense of $4.3 million, including $6.4 million attributable to pinnacle,

•   an increase in self-insured workers' compensation and product liability expense of $3.3 million, and

•   a decrease in transaction services agreement income of $2.9 million.

sg&a expenses for fiscal 2018 included the following items impacting the comparability of earnings:
•   charges totaling $151.0 million related to certain litigation matters,

•   a charge of $34.9 million related to the early termination of an unfavorable lease contract,

•   expenses of $30.2 million in connection with our scae plan,

•   expenses of $15.1 million associated with costs incurred for acquisitions and divestitures, and

•   charges totaling $4.8 million related to the impairment of other intangible assets.

segment operating profit (earnings before general corporate expenses, pension and postretirement non-service income, interest expense, net, income taxes, and equity method investment earnings)
($ in millions)         fiscal 2019     fiscal 2018     % inc reporting segment         operating       operating      (dec)
profit          profit

grocery &amp; snacks               $762.6          $722.5         6   %
refrigerated &amp; frozen           645.1           479.4        35   %
international                        99.8            86.5        15   %
foodservice                         134.3           124.1         8   %
grocery & snacks operating profit for fiscal 2019 was $762.6 million, an increase of $40.1 million, or 6%, compared to fiscal 2018. gross profits were $70.6 million higher in fiscal 2019 than in fiscal 2018. the higher gross profit was driven by profit contribution of acquisitions and supply chain realized productivity, partially offset by higher input costs, transportation inflation, and a reduction in profit associated with the divestiture of the wesson® oil business. the acquisition of pinnacle contributed $125.1 million to grocery & snacks gross profit in fiscal 2019. the acquisition of angie's artisan treats, llc contributed $12.6 million to grocery & snacks gross profit in fiscal 2019, through the one-year anniversary of the acquisition. advertising and promotion expenses for fiscal 2019 decreased by $18.4 million compared to fiscal 2018. operating profit of the grocery & snacks segment was impacted by charges totaling $76.5 million in fiscal 2019 for the impairment of our chef boyardee® and red fork® brand assets and $4.0 million in fiscal 2018 for the impairment of our hk anderson®, red fork®, and salpica® brand
34
assets. grocery & snacks also recognized a $33.1 million gain on the sale of our wesson® oil business in fiscal 2019. operating profit of the grocery & snacks segment included $1.0 million and $11.4 million of expenses in fiscal 2019 and 2018, respectively, related to acquisitions and divestitures and charges of $6.1 million and $14.1 million in connection with our restructuring plans in fiscal 2019 and 2018, respectively. grocery & snacks operating profit also included incremental cost of goods sold of $30.2 million due to the impact of writing inventory to fair value as part of our acquisition accounting for pinnacle and the subsequent sale of that inventory.
refrigerated & frozen operating profit for fiscal 2019 was $645.1 million, an increase of $165.7 million, or 35%, compared to fiscal 2018. gross profits were $216.4 million higher in fiscal 2019 than in fiscal 2018, driven by the addition of pinnacle and supply chain realized productivity, partially offset by increased input costs and transportation inflation. advertising and promotion expenses for fiscal 2019 decreased by $5.5 million compared to fiscal 2018. operating profit of the refrigerated & frozen segment included a gain of $23.1 million in fiscal 2019 related to the sale of our italian-based frozen pasta business, gelit, and incremental cost of goods sold of $21.9 million due to the impact of writing inventory to fair value as part of our acquisition accounting for pinnacle and the subsequent sale of that inventory.
international operating profit for fiscal 2019 was $99.8 million, an increase of $13.3 million, or 15%, compared to fiscal 2018. gross profits were $13.9 million higher in fiscal 2019 than in fiscal 2018, driven by the addition of pinnacle. included in the international segment fiscal 2019 operating profit was a gain of $13.2 million related to the sale of our del monte® processed fruit and vegetable business in canada, charges of $13.1 million for the impairment of our aylmer® and sundrop® brand assets, and charges of $2.9 million related to divestitures. in addition, operating profit was impacted by charges of $4.9 million and $1.5 million in connection with our restructuring plans, in fiscal 2019 and 2018, respectively.
foodservice operating profit for fiscal 2019 was $134.3 million, an increase of $10.2 million, or 8%, compared to fiscal 2018. gross profits were $8.6 million higher in fiscal 2019 than in fiscal 2018, driven by the addition of pinnacle and supply chain realized productivity, partially offset by lower volume (including the sale of our trenton, missouri production facility) and higher input costs.
pension and postretirement non-service income in fiscal 2019, pension and postretirement non-service income was $35.1 million, a decrease of $45.3 million compared to fiscal 2018. the decrease was primarily related to lower expected return on plan assets as we changed our investment strategy to more fixed income securities.
interest expense, net in fiscal 2019, net interest expense was $391.4 million, an increase of $232.7 million, or 147%, from fiscal 2018. the increase reflected the following:
•   the issuance of $7.025 billion aggregate principal amount of unsecured senior notes and borrowings of $1.30 billion under our unsecured term loan agreement with a syndicate of financial institutions providing for a $650.0 million tranche of three-year term loans and a $650.0 million tranche of five-year term loans to the company (the "term loan agreement"), in each case in connection with the pinnacle acquisition,

•   the repayment of a total of $900.0 million of our borrowings under the term loan agreement in the third and fourth quarters of fiscal 2019,

•   the borrowing of $300.0 million under our prior term loan agreement during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018, which borrowing was subsequently repaid in connection with the pinnacle acquisition,

•   the issuance of $500.0 million aggregate principal amount of floating rate notes due 2020 during the second quarter of fiscal 2018,

•   the repayment of $70.0 million aggregate principal amount of outstanding senior notes in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018, and

•   the repayment of $119.6 million aggregate principal amount of outstanding notes in the third quarter of fiscal 2018.

in addition, fiscal 2019 included $11.9 million related to the amortization of costs incurred to secure fully committed bridge financing in connection with the then-pending pinnacle acquisition. the bridge financing was subsequently terminated in
35
connection with our incurrence of permanent financing to fund the pinnacle acquisition, and we recognized the remaining unamortized financing costs of $33.8 million within sg&a expenses.
income taxes our income tax expense was $218.8 million and $174.6 million in fiscal 2019 and 2018, respectively. the effective tax rate (calculated as the ratio of income tax expense to pre-tax income from continuing operations, inclusive of equity method investment earnings) was approximately 24% and 18% for fiscal 2019 and 2018, respectively.
as a result of our off-calendar fiscal year end, the lower u.s. statutory federal income tax rate resulted in a blended u.s. federal statutory rate of 29.3% for the fiscal year ended may 27, 2018.
the effective tax rate in fiscal 2019 reflects the following:
•   the impact of legal entity reorganization resulting in a benefit related to undistributed foreign earnings for which the indefinite reinvestment assertion is no longer made,

•   additional tax expense on the repatriation of certain foreign earnings,

•   an adjustment of valuation allowance associated with the expected capital gains from the divestiture of the wesson® oil and gelit businesses,

•   additional tax expense on non-deductible facilitative costs associated with the pinnacle acquisition,

•   a benefit recognized due to the non-taxability of the novation of a legacy guarantee,

•   a benefit recognized due to a reduction in the fair value of equity awards subject to limitations on deductibility that were issued to pinnacle executives as replacement awards at the time of the acquisition,

•   an increase to the deemed repatriation tax liability,

•   additional tax expense due to foreign and domestic restructuring, and

•   a state tax benefit from integration of the pinnacle business.

the effective tax rate in fiscal 2018 reflects the following:
•   the impact of the tax act,

•   an adjustment of valuation allowance associated with the termination of the agreement for the proposed divestiture of our wesson® oil business,

•   an indirect cost of the pension contribution made on february 26, 2018,

•   additional expense related to the settlement of an audit of the impact of a law change in mexico,

•   an income tax benefit allowed upon the vesting/exercise of employee stock compensation awards by our employees, beyond that which is attributable to the original fair value of the awards upon the date of grant, and

•   additional expense related to undistributed foreign earnings for which the indefinite reinvestment assertion is no longer made.

equity method investment earnings we include our share of the earnings of certain affiliates based on our economic ownership interest in the affiliates. our most significant affiliate is the ardent mills joint venture. our share of earnings from our equity method investment earnings were $75.8 million and $97.3 million for fiscal 2019 and 2018, respectively. results for fiscal 2019 included a gain of $15.1 million from the sale of an asset by the ardent mills joint venture. in addition, ardent mills earnings for fiscal 2019 reflected lower commodity margins and the timing of certain customer contracts that negatively impacted performance. a benefit of $4.3 million was included in the earnings of fiscal 2018 in connection with a gain on the substantial liquidation of an international joint venture.
36
results of discontinued operations our discontinued operations generated an after-tax loss of $1.9 million and a gain of $14.3 million in fiscal 2019 and 2018, respectively. during fiscal 2018, a $14.5 million income tax benefit was recorded due to an adjustment of the estimated deductibility of the costs incurred associated with effecting the spinoff of lamb weston.
earnings per share diluted earnings per share in fiscal 2019 were $1.52, including earnings of $1.53 per diluted share from continuing operations and a loss of $0.01 per diluted share from discontinued operations. diluted earnings per share in fiscal 2018 were $1.98, including earnings of $1.95 per diluted share from continuing operations and $0.03 per diluted share from discontinued operations. see "items impacting comparability" above as several significant items affected the comparability of year-over-year results of operations.
liquidity and capital resources sources of liquidity and capital the primary objective of our financing strategy is to maintain a prudent capital structure that provides us flexibility to pursue our growth objectives. if necessary, we use short-term debt principally to finance ongoing operations, including our seasonal requirements for working capital (accounts receivable, prepaid expenses and other current assets, and inventories, less accounts payable, accrued payroll, and other accrued liabilities), and a combination of equity and long-term debt to finance both our base working capital needs and our non-current assets. we are committed to maintaining a solid investment grade credit rating.
at may 31, 2020, we had a revolving credit facility (the "revolving credit facility") with a syndicate of financial institutions providing for a maximum aggregate principal amount outstanding at any one time of $1.6 billion (subject to increase to a maximum aggregate principal amount of $2.1 billion with the consent of the lenders). we have historically used a credit facility principally as a back-up for our commercial paper program. as of may 31, 2020, there were no outstanding borrowings under the revolving credit facility.
we had no amounts outstanding under our commercial paper program as of may 31, 2020 and may 26, 2019. the highest level of borrowings during fiscal 2020 was $145.0 million.
during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020, we entered into an unsecured term loan agreement (the "credit agreement") with a financial institution. the credit agreement provides for delayed draw term loans to the company in an aggregate principal amount not in excess of $600 million (subject to increase to a maximum aggregate principal amount of $750 million). the credit agreement matures on may 21, 2023. as of may 31, 2020, there were no outstanding borrowings under the credit agreement.
borrowings under the credit agreement will bear interest at, at the company's election, either (a) libor plus a percentage spread (ranging from 1.125% to 1.75%) based on the company's senior unsecured long-term indebtedness ratings or (b) the alternate base rate, described in the credit agreement as the greatest of (i) the prime rate, (ii) the federal funds rate plus 0.50% and (iii) one-month libor plus 1.00%, plus a percentage spread (ranging from 0% to 0.625%) based on the company's senior unsecured long-term indebtedness ratings and may be voluntarily prepaid, in whole or in part, without penalty, subject to certain conditions.
during fiscal 2020 we repaid the remaining $400.0 million outstanding principal balance of our borrowings under our $1.30 billion term loan agreement. payments totaling $200.0 million each were made in the first and third quarters of fiscal 2020 on our three-year tranche loans and our five-year tranche loans, respectively. the term loan agreement was terminated after these repayments.
during fiscal 2020 we also redeemed the entire outstanding $525.0 million aggregate principal amount of our floating rate notes due october 22, 2020 in two separate redemptions totaling $250.0 million and $275.0 million in the third and fourth quarter of fiscal 2020, respectively.
we have $844.8 million of long-term debt maturing in the next 12 months. we expect to maintain or have access to sufficient liquidity to retire or refinance long-term debt upon maturity, as market conditions warrant, from operating cash flows, our undrawn credit agreement, our commercial paper program, access to the capital markets, and our revolving credit facility.
37
however, the disruption in the capital markets caused by the covid-19 pandemic could make any refinancing more challenging and there can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully refinance any debt on commercially reasonable terms or at all.
as of the end of fiscal 2020, our senior long-term debt ratings were all investment grade. a significant downgrade in our credit ratings would not affect our ability to borrow amounts under the revolving credit facility, although borrowing costs would increase. a downgrade of our short-term credit ratings would impact our ability to borrow under our commercial paper program by negatively impacting borrowing costs and causing shorter durations, as well as making access to commercial paper more difficult, or impossible.
our most restrictive covenants (the revolving credit facility) generally require our ratio of ebitda (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization) to interest expense not be less than 3.0 to 1.0 and our ratio of funded debt to ebitda not exceed certain decreasing specified levels, ranging from 5.25 through the first quarter of fiscal 2021 to 3.75 from the second quarter of fiscal 2023 and thereafter. each ratio is to be calculated on a rolling four-quarter basis. as of may 31, 2020, we were in compliance with all financial covenants.
we repurchase shares of our common stock from time to time after considering market conditions and in accordance with repurchase limits authorized by our board. under the share repurchase authorization, we may repurchase our shares periodically over several years, depending on market conditions and other factors, and may do so in open market purchases or privately negotiated transactions. the share repurchase authorization has no expiration date. we plan to repurchase shares under our authorized program only at times and in amounts as are consistent with the prioritization of achieving our leverage targets. our total remaining share repurchase authorization as of may 31, 2020, was $1.41 billion.
on april 16, 2020, we announced that our board had authorized a quarterly dividend payment of $0.2125 per share, which was paid on june 3, 2020, to shareholders of record as of the close of business on april 30, 2020. subject to market and other conditions and the approval of our board, we intend to maintain our quarterly dividend at the current annual rate of $0.85 per share during fiscal 2021.
cash flows in fiscal 2020, we generated $316.7 million of cash, which was the net result of $1.84 billion generated from operating activities, $153.8 million used in investing activities, $1.37 billion used in financing activities, and a decrease of $1.7 million due to the effects of changes in foreign currency exchange rates.
cash generated from operating activities of continuing operations totaled $1.84 billion in fiscal 2020, as compared to $1.11 billion generated in fiscal 2019. operating cash flows for fiscal 2020 reflected additional operating results from the acquisition of pinnacle and the impact of increased sales from covid-19 pandemic-related demand. the timing of the increased demand in the fourth quarter also created working capital favorability for fiscal 2020 driven primarily by the combination of decreased inventory levels and increased accounts payable balances resulting from longer supplier payment terms. we expect that a significant portion of this working capital favorability will reverse in fiscal 2021 as demand returns to more historic levels. in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020, we also improved working capital due to approximately $47 million in tax payments that were deferred until the first quarter of fiscal 2021 as a result of recent tax legislation. despite the deferral of such tax payments, we still had $44.2 million of additional tax payments in the current year. the above working capital favorability was further offset by a $119.0 million increase in interest payments and the comparative impact of cash proceeds from the settlement of interest rate swaps in fiscal 2019 totaling $47.5 million. lastly, we extended payment terms with certain foodservice customers (ranging from 15-30 days) as a result of the covid-19 pandemic which partly gave rise to an increase in our accounts receivable at year-end.
cash used in investing activities totaled $153.8 million in fiscal 2020 compared to $5.17 billion in fiscal 2019. investing activities in fiscal 2020 consisted primarily of capital expenditures totaling $369.5 million and the net proceeds from divestitures totaling $194.6 million, including the sales of our dsd snacks and lender's® bagel businesses. investing activities in fiscal 2019 consisted primarily of the purchase of pinnacle for $5.12 billion, net of cash acquired, capital expenditures of $353.1 million, and proceeds from the divestiture of our del monte® processed fruit and vegetable business, our wesson® oil business, and our italian-based frozen pasta business, gelit, for combined proceeds of $281.5 million, net of cash divested.
cash used in financing activities totaled $1.37 billion in fiscal 2020, compared to cash provided by financing activities of $4.15 billion in fiscal 2019. financing activities in fiscal 2020 consisted principally of the repayment of long-term debt totaling $947.5 million and cash dividends paid of $413.6 million. during fiscal 2019, in connection with the pinnacle acquisition, we issued long-term debt that generated $8.31 billion in gross proceeds and issued common stock for net proceeds of $555.7 million.
38
this was reduced by debt issuance costs and bridge financing fees totaling $95.2 million. during fiscal 2019, we also repaid $3.97 billion of long-term debt, reduced our short-term borrowings mainly related to our commercial paper program by $277.3 million, and paid cash dividends of $356.2 million.
the company had cash and cash equivalents of $553.3 million at may 31, 2020, and $236.6 million at may 26, 2019, of which $80.5 million at may 31, 2020, and $144.8 million at may 26, 2019, was held in foreign countries. we believe that our foreign subsidiaries have invested or will invest any undistributed earnings indefinitely, or that any undistributed earnings will be remitted in a tax-neutral transaction, and, therefore, do not provide deferred taxes on the cumulative undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries.
our preliminary estimate of capital expenditures for fiscal 2021 is approximately $505 million.
management believes that existing cash balances, cash flows from operations, existing credit facilities, and access to capital markets will provide sufficient liquidity to meet our repayment of debt, including any repayment of debt or refinancing of debt, working capital needs, planned capital expenditures, and payment of anticipated quarterly dividends for at least the next twelve months.
obligations and commitments as part of our ongoing operations, we enter into arrangements that obligate us to make future payments under contracts such as lease agreements, debt agreements, and unconditional purchase obligations (i.e., obligations to transfer funds in the future for fixed or minimum quantities of goods or services at fixed or minimum prices, such as "take-or-pay" contracts). the unconditional purchase obligation arrangements are entered into in our normal course of business in order to ensure adequate levels of sourced product are available. of these items, debt, notes payable, finance lease obligations, and operating lease obligations were recognized as liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets contained in this report as of may 31, 2020.
a summary of our contractual obligations as of may 31, 2020, was as follows:
payments due by period
(in millions)

contractual obligations                              total                less than             1-3 years             3-5 years             more than
1 year                                                           5 years long-term debt                                    $9,631.6                   $822.5              $2,287.0              $1,000.1              $5,522.0
finance lease obligations                            155.1                     22.2                  39.4                  28.7                  64.8
operating lease obligations                          297.9                     53.0                  78.6                  47.7                 118.6
purchase obligations1 and other contracts          1,406.7                  1,122.8                 183.3                  63.5                  37.1
notes payable                                          1.1                      1.1                     -                     -                     -
total                                            $11,492.4                 $2,021.6              $2,588.3              $1,140.0              $5,742.5
1amount includes open purchase orders and agreements, some of which are not legally binding and/or may be cancellable. such agreements are generally settleable in the ordinary course of business in less than one year. purchase obligations and other contracts, which totaled $1.38 billion as of may 31, 2020, were not recognized as liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets contained in this report, in accordance with u.s. gaap.
we are also contractually obligated to pay interest on our long-term debt and finance lease obligations. the weighted-average coupon interest rate of the long-term debt obligations outstanding as of may 31, 2020 was approximately 4.8%.
the operating lease obligations noted in the table above have not been reduced by non-cancellable sublease rentals of $5.9 million.
as of may 31, 2020, we had aggregate unfunded pension and postretirement benefit obligations totaling $52.1 million and $86.4 million, respectively. our unfunded pension obligation decreased by $79.6 million in fiscal 2020 primarily due to lump-sum payments to plan participants and actual return on plan assets exceeding expected returns, principally on fixed income securities. these amounts are not included in the table above as the unfunded obligations are remeasured each fiscal year, thereby resulting in our inability to accurately predict the ultimate amount and timing of any future required contributions to such plans. based on current statutory requirements, we are not obligated to fund any amount to our qualified pension plans during the next twelve months. we estimate that we will make payments of approximately $32.2 million and $10.0 million over the next twelve months to fund our pension and postretirement plans, respectively. see note 18 "pension and postretirement benefits" to the consolidated financial statements and "critical accounting estimates - employment-related benefits" contained in this report for further discussion of our pension obligations and factors that could affect estimates of this liability.
39
as part of our ongoing operations, we also enter into arrangements that obligate us to make future cash payments only upon the occurrence of a future event. as of may 31, 2020, we had $52.2 million of standby letters of credit issued on our behalf. these standby letters of credit are primarily related to our self-insured workers compensation programs and are not reflected in our consolidated balance sheets.
in certain limited situations, we will guarantee an obligation of an unconsolidated entity. we guarantee certain leases resulting from the divestiture of the jm swank business completed in the first quarter of fiscal 2017. as of may 31, 2020, the remaining terms of these arrangements did not exceed three years and the maximum amount of future payments we have guaranteed was $0.6 million. in addition, we guarantee a lease resulting from an exited facility. as of may 31, 2020, the remaining term of this arrangement did not exceed seven years and the maximum amount of future payments we have guaranteed was $16.5 million.
we also guarantee an obligation of the lamb weston business pursuant to a guarantee arrangement that existed prior to the spinoff and remained in place following completion of the spinoff until such guarantee obligation is substituted for guarantees issued by lamb weston. pursuant to the separation and distribution agreement, dated as of november 8, 2016 (the "separation agreement"), between us and lamb weston, this guarantee arrangement is deemed a liability of lamb weston that was transferred to lamb weston as part of the spinoff. accordingly, in the event that we are required to make any payments as a result of this guarantee arrangement, lamb weston is obligated to indemnify us for any such liability, reduced by any insurance proceeds received by us, in accordance with the terms of the indemnification provisions under the separation agreement. lamb weston is a party to an agricultural sublease agreement with a third party for certain farmland through 2020 (subject, at lamb weston's option, to extension for two additional five-year periods). under the terms of the sublease agreement, lamb weston is required to make certain rental payments to the sublessor. we have guaranteed lamb weston's performance and the payment of all amounts (including indemnification obligations) owed by lamb weston under the sublease agreement, up to a maximum of $75.0 million. we believe the farmland associated with this sublease agreement is readily marketable for lease to other area farming operators. as such, we believe that any financial exposure to the company, in the event that we were required to perform under the guaranty, would be largely mitigated.
the obligations and commitments tables above do not include any reserves for uncertainties in income taxes, as we are unable to reasonably estimate the ultimate amount or timing of settlement of our reserves for income taxes. the liability for gross unrecognized tax benefits at may 31, 2020 was $35.8 million. the net amount of unrecognized tax benefits at may 31, 2020, that, if recognized, would favorably impact our effective tax rate was $30.3 million. recognition of these tax benefits would have a favorable impact on our effective tax rate.
critical accounting estimates the process of preparing financial statements requires the use of estimates on the part of management. the estimates used by management are based on our historical experiences combined with management's understanding of current facts and circumstances. certain of our accounting estimates are considered critical as they are both important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results and require significant or complex judgment on the part of management. the following is a summary of certain accounting estimates considered critical by management.
our audit/finance committee has reviewed management's development, selection, and disclosure of the critical accounting estimates.
marketing costs-we offer various forms of trade promotions which are mostly recorded as a reduction in revenue. the methodologies for determining these provisions are dependent on local customer pricing and promotional practices, which range from contractually fixed percentage price reductions to provisions based on actual occurrence or performance. our promotional activities are conducted either through the retail trade or directly with consumers and included activities such as in-store displays and events, feature price discounts, consumer coupons, and loyalty programs. the costs of these activities are recognized as a reduction of revenue at the time the related revenue is recorded, which normally precedes the actual cash expenditure. the recognition of these costs therefore requires management judgment regarding the volume of promotional offers that will be redeemed by either the retail trade or consumer. these estimates are made using various techniques including historical data on performance of similar promotional programs. differences between estimated expense and actual redemptions are recognized as a change in management estimate in a subsequent period.
we have recognized trade promotion liabilities of $165.6 million as of may 31, 2020. changes in the assumptions used in estimating the cost of any individual customer marketing program would not result in a material change in our results of operations or cash flows.
income taxes-our income tax expense is based on our income, statutory tax rates, and tax planning opportunities available in the various jurisdictions in which we operate. tax laws are complex and subject to different interpretations by the
40
taxpayer and respective governmental taxing authorities. significant judgment is required in determining our income tax expense and in evaluating our tax positions, including evaluating uncertainties. management reviews tax positions at least quarterly and adjusts the balances as new information becomes available. deferred income tax assets represent amounts available to reduce income taxes payable on taxable income in future years. such assets arise because of temporary differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in our consolidated balance sheets, as well as from net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. management evaluates the recoverability of these future tax deductions by assessing the adequacy of future expected taxable income from all sources, including reversal of taxable temporary differences, forecasted operating earnings, and available tax planning strategies. these estimates of future taxable income inherently require significant judgment. management uses historical experience and short and long-range business forecasts to develop such estimates. further, we employ various prudent and feasible tax planning strategies to facilitate the recoverability of future deductions. to the extent management does not consider it more likely than not that a deferred tax asset will be recovered, a valuation allowance is established.
further information on income taxes is provided in note 14 "pre-tax income and income taxes" to the consolidated financial statements contained in this report.
environmental liabilities-environmental liabilities are accrued when it is probable that obligations have been incurred and the associated amounts can be reasonably estimated. management works with independent third-party specialists in order to effectively assess our environmental liabilities. management estimates our environmental liabilities based on evaluation of investigatory studies, extent of required clean-up, our known volumetric contribution, other potentially responsible parties, and our experience in remediating sites. environmental liability estimates may be affected by changing governmental or other external determinations of what constitutes an environmental liability or an acceptable level of clean-up. management's estimate as to our potential liability is independent of any potential recovery of insurance proceeds or indemnification arrangements. insurance companies and other indemnitors are notified of any potential claims and periodically updated as to the general status of known claims. we do not discount our environmental liabilities as the timing of the anticipated cash payments is not fixed or readily determinable. to the extent that there are changes in the evaluation factors identified above, management's estimate of environmental liabilities may also change.
we have recognized a reserve of approximately $63.7 million for environmental liabilities as of may 31, 2020. the reserve for each site is determined based on an assessment of the most likely required remedy and a related estimate of the costs required to effect such remedy.
employment-related benefits-we incur certain employment-related expenses associated with pensions, postretirement health care benefits, and workers' compensation. in order to measure the annual expense associated with these employment-related benefits, management must make a variety of estimates including, but not limited to, discount rates used to measure the present value of certain liabilities, assumed rates of return on assets set aside to fund these expenses, compensation increases, employee turnover rates, anticipated mortality rates, anticipated health care costs, and employee accidents incurred but not yet reported to us. the estimates used by management are based on our historical experience as well as current facts and circumstances. we use third-party specialists to assist management in appropriately measuring the expense associated with these employment-related benefits. different estimates used by management could result in us recognizing different amounts of expense over different periods of time.
the company uses a split discount rate (the "spot-rate approach") for the u.s. plans and certain foreign plans. the spot-rate approach applies separate discount rates for each projected benefit payment in the calculation of pension service and interest cost.
we have recognized a pension liability of $254.5 million and $192.9 million, a postretirement liability of $89.3 million and $90.6 million, and a workers' compensation liability of $55.5 million and $61.1 million, as of the end of fiscal 2020 and 2019, respectively. we also have recognized a pension asset of $202.4 million and $61.2 million as of the end of fiscal 2020 and 2019, respectively, as certain individual plans of the company had a positive funded status.
we recognize cumulative changes in the fair value of pension plan assets and net actuarial gains or losses in excess of 10% of the greater of the fair value of plan assets or the plan's projected benefit obligation ("the corridor") in current period expense annually as of our measurement date, which is our fiscal year-end, or when measurement is required otherwise under u.s. generally accepted accounting principles ("u.s. gaap").
we recognized pension expense (benefit) from company plans of $5.9 million, $(22.7) million, and $(56.1) million in fiscal 2020, 2019, and 2018, respectively. such amounts reflect the year-end write-off of actuarial losses in excess of 10% of our pension liability of $44.8 million, $5.1 million, and $3.4 million in fiscal 2020, 2019, and 2018, respectively. this also reflected
41
expected returns on plan assets of $170.2 million, $174.4 million, and $218.3 million in fiscal 2020, 2019, and 2018, respectively. we contributed $17.5 million, $14.7 million, and $312.6 million to the pension plans of our continuing operations in fiscal 2020, 2019, and 2018, respectively. we anticipate contributing approximately $32.2 million to our pension plans in fiscal 2021.
one significant assumption for pension plan accounting is the discount rate. we use a spot-rate approach, discussed above.  this approach focuses on measuring the service cost and interest cost components of net periodic benefit cost by using individual spot rates derived from a high-quality corporate bond yield curve and matched with separate cash flows for each future year instead of a single weighted-average discount rate approach.
based on this information, the discount rate selected by us for determination of pension expense was 3.88% for fiscal 2020, 4.15% for fiscal 2019, and 3.90% for fiscal 2018. we selected a weighted-average discount rate of 3.35% and 2.30% for determination of service and interest expense, respectively, for fiscal 2021. a 25 basis point increase in our discount rate assumption as of the end of fiscal 2020 would have resulted in an increase of $5.1 million in our pension expense for fiscal 2020. a 25 basis point decrease in our discount rate assumption as of the end of fiscal 2020 would have resulted in a decrease of $5.5 million in our pension expense for fiscal 2020. for our year-end pension obligation determination, we selected discount rates of 2.98% and 3.88% for fiscal years 2020 and 2019, respectively.
another significant assumption used to account for our pension plans is the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets. in developing the assumed long-term rate of return on plan assets for determining pension expense, we consider long-term historical returns (arithmetic average) of the plan's investments, the asset allocation among types of investments, estimated long-term returns by investment type from external sources, and the current economic environment. based on this information, we selected 4.77% for the weighted-average expected long-term rate of return on plan assets for determining our fiscal 2020 pension expense. a 25 basis point increase/decrease in our weighted-average expected long-term rate of return assumption as of the beginning of fiscal 2020 would decrease/increase annual pension expense for our pension plans by $8.8 million. we selected a weighted-average expected rate of return on plan assets of 3.74% to be used to determine our pension expense for fiscal 2021. a 25 basis point increase/decrease in our expected long-term rate of return assumption as of the beginning of fiscal 2021 would decrease/increase annual pension expense for our pension plans by $9.3 million.
during fiscal 2018, we approved an amendment of our salaried and non-qualified pension plans. the amendment froze the compensation and service periods used to calculate pension benefits for active employees who participate in those plans. as a result of this amendment, we changed our salaried and non-qualified pension asset investment strategy to align our related pension plan assets with our projected benefit obligation to reduce volatility.
during 2018, we conducted a mortality experience study and, with the assistance of our third-party actuary, adopted new company-specific mortality tables used in measuring our pension obligations as of may 27, 2018. in addition, we incorporated a revised mortality improvement scale to be used with the new company-specific mortality tables that reflects the mortality improvement inherent in these tables.
we also provide certain postretirement health care benefits. we recognized postretirement benefit expense (benefit) of $(4.2) million, $(1.3) million, and $0.7 million in fiscal 2020, 2019, and 2018, respectively. we anticipate contributing approximately $10.0 million to our postretirement health care plans in fiscal 2021.
the postretirement benefit expense and obligation are also dependent on our assumptions used for the actuarially determined amounts. these assumptions include discount rates (discussed above), health care cost trend rates, inflation rates, retirement rates, mortality rates (also discussed above), and other factors. the health care cost trend assumptions are developed based on historical cost data, the near-term outlook, and an assessment of likely long-term trends. assumed inflation rates are based on an evaluation of external market indicators. retirement and mortality rates are based primarily on actual plan experience. the discount rate we selected for determination of postretirement expense was 3.48% for fiscal 2020, 3.81% for fiscal 2019, and 3.33% for fiscal 2018. we have selected a weighted-average discount rate of 2.39% for determination of postretirement expense for fiscal 2021. a 25 basis point increase/decrease in our discount rate assumption would not have resulted in a material change to postretirement expense for our plans. we have assumed the initial year increase in cost of health care to be 6.22%, with the trend rate decreasing to 4.43% by 2024. a one percentage point change in the assumed health care cost trend rate would have the following effects:
($ in millions)                  one percent     one percent increase        decrease

effect on total service and interest cost              $0.1   $(0.1           )
effect on postretirement benefit obligation             1.6           (1.4    )
42
we provide workers' compensation benefits to our employees. the measurement of the liability for our cost of providing these benefits is largely based upon actuarial analysis of costs. one significant assumption we make is the discount rate used to calculate the present value of our obligation. the weighted-average discount rate used at may 31, 2020 was 2.11%. a 25 basis point increase/decrease in the discount rate assumption would not have a material impact on workers' compensation expense or the liability.
business combinations, impairment of long-lived assets (including property, plant and equipment), identifiable intangible assets, and goodwill-we use the acquisition method in accounting for acquired businesses. under the acquisition method, our financial statements reflect the operations of an acquired business starting from the closing of the acquisition. the assets acquired and liabilities assumed are recorded at their respective estimated fair values at the date of the acquisition. any excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair values of the identifiable net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. significant judgment is often required in estimating the fair value of assets acquired, particularly intangible assets. as a result, in the case of significant acquisitions we normally obtain the assistance of a third-party valuation specialist in estimating fair values of tangible and intangible assets. the fair value estimates are based on available historical information and on expectations and assumptions about the future, considering the perspective of marketplace participants. while management believes those expectations and assumptions are reasonable, they are inherently uncertain. unanticipated market or macroeconomic events and circumstances may occur, which could affect the accuracy or validity of the estimates and assumptions.
we reduce the carrying amounts of long-lived assets (including property, plant and equipment) to their fair values when their carrying amount is determined to not be recoverable.  we generally compare undiscounted estimated future cash flows of an asset or asset group to the carrying values of the asset or asset group.  if the undiscounted estimated future cash flows exceed the carrying values of the asset or asset group, no impairment is recognized.  if the undiscounted estimated future cash flows are less than the carrying values of the asset or asset group, we write-down the asset or assets to their estimated fair values.  the estimates of fair value are generally in the form of appraisal, or by discounting estimated future cash flows of the asset or asset group.
determining the useful lives of intangible assets also requires management judgment. certain brand intangibles are expected to have indefinite lives based on their history and our plans to continue to support and build the acquired brands, while other acquired intangible assets (e.g., customer relationships) are expected to have determinable useful lives. our estimates of the useful lives of definite-lived intangible assets are primarily based upon historical experience, the competitive and macroeconomic environment, and our operating plans. the costs of definite-lived intangibles are amortized to expense over their estimated life.
we reduce the carrying amounts of indefinite-lived intangible assets, and goodwill to their fair values when the fair value of such assets is determined to be less than their carrying amounts (i.e., assets are deemed to be impaired). fair value is typically estimated using a discounted cash flow analysis, which requires us to estimate the future cash flows anticipated to be generated by the particular asset being tested for impairment as well as to select a discount rate to measure the present value of the anticipated cash flows. when determining future cash flow estimates, we consider historical results adjusted to reflect current and anticipated operating conditions. estimating future cash flows requires significant judgment by management in such areas as future economic conditions, industry-specific conditions, product pricing, and necessary capital expenditures. the use of different assumptions or estimates for future cash flows could produce different impairment amounts (or none at all) for long-lived assets and identifiable intangible assets.
in assessing other intangible assets not subject to amortization for impairment, we have the option to perform a qualitative assessment to determine whether the existence of events or circumstances leads to a determination that it is more likely than not that the fair value of such an intangible asset is less than its carrying amount. if we determine that it is not more likely than not that the fair value of such an intangible asset is less than its carrying amount, then we are not required to perform any additional tests for assessing intangible assets for impairment. however, if we conclude otherwise or elect not to perform the qualitative assessment, then we are required to perform a quantitative impairment test that involves a comparison of the estimated fair value of the intangible asset with its carrying value. if the carrying value of the intangible asset exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess.
if we perform a quantitative impairment test in evaluating impairment of our indefinite lived brands/trademarks, we utilize a "relief from royalty" methodology. the methodology determines the fair value of each brand through use of a discounted cash flow model that incorporates an estimated "royalty rate" we would be able to charge a third party for the use of the particular brand. when determining the future cash flow estimates, we estimate future net sales and a fair market royalty rate for each applicable brand and an appropriate discount rate to measure the present value of the anticipated cash flows. estimating future net sales requires significant judgment by management in such areas as future economic conditions, product pricing, and consumer trends. in determining an appropriate discount rate to apply to the estimated future cash flows, we consider the current interest rate environment and our estimated cost of capital.
goodwill is tested annually for impairment of value and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of the asset may be impaired. a significant amount of judgment is involved in determining if an indicator of impairment
43
has occurred. such indicators may include deterioration in general economic conditions, adverse changes in the markets in which an entity operates, increases in input costs that have negative effects on earnings and cash flows, or a trend of negative or declining cash flows over multiple periods, among others. the fair value that could be realized in an actual transaction may differ from that used to evaluate the impairment of goodwill.
in testing goodwill for impairment, we have the option to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of events or circumstances leads to a determination that it is more likely than not (more than 50%) that the estimated fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. if we elect to perform a qualitative assessment and determine that an impairment is more likely than not, we are then required to perform a quantitative impairment test, otherwise no further analysis is required. we also may elect not to perform the qualitative assessment and, instead, proceed directly to the quantitative impairment test.
under the qualitative assessment, various events and circumstances that would affect the estimated fair value of a reporting unit are identified (similar to impairment indicators above). furthermore, management considers the results of the most recent quantitative impairment test completed for a reporting unit and compares the weighted average cost of capital between the current and prior years for each reporting unit.
under the quantitative impairment test, the evaluation involves comparing the current fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying value, including goodwill. fair value is typically estimated using a discounted cash flow analysis, which requires us to estimate the future cash flows anticipated to be generated by the reporting unit being tested for impairment as well as to select a risk-adjusted discount rate to measure the present value of the anticipated cash flows. when determining future cash flow estimates, we consider historical results adjusted to reflect current and anticipated operating conditions. we estimate cash flows for the reporting unit over a discrete period (typically five years) and the terminal period (considering expected long term growth rates and trends). estimating future cash flows requires significant judgment by management in such areas as future economic conditions, industry-specific conditions, product pricing, and necessary capital expenditures. the use of different assumptions or estimates for future cash flows or significant changes in risk-adjusted discount rates due to changes in market conditions could produce substantially different estimates of the fair value of the reporting unit.
as of may 31, 2020, we have goodwill of $11.44 billion, indefinite-lived intangibles of $3.40 billion and definite-lived intangibles of $919.6 million. the amount of goodwill and intangibles increased significantly during fiscal 2019 as a result of the pinnacle acquisition. in the first quarter of fiscal 2020, we reorganized our reporting segments to incorporate the pinnacle business into our legacy reporting segments, to reflect how the business is now being managed. we tested goodwill for impairment both prior to and subsequent to the reallocation of pinnacle goodwill and there were no impairments of goodwill.
historically, we have experienced impairments in brand intangibles and goodwill as a result of declining sales and other economic conditions. for instance, in fiscal 2020, we recorded total intangibles impairments of $165.5 million, primarily related to our recently acquired pinnacle brands. in fiscal 2019, we recorded total intangibles impairments of $89.6 million, primarily related to our chef boyardee® brand intangible.
with the addition of pinnacle intangibles that were recorded at fair value in the prior year, we continue to be more susceptible to impairment charges in the future if our long-term sales forecasts, royalty rates, and other assumptions change as a result of lower than expected performance or other economic conditions. we will monitor these assumptions as management continues to achieve expected synergies, gross margin improvement, and long-term sales growth on certain key brands acquired in the acquisition including, but not limited to, birds eye®, duncan hines®, and gardein®.
recently issued accounting pronouncements in june 2016, the financial accounting standards board issued accounting standards update ("asu") 2016-13, financial instruments-credit losses (topic 326): measurement of credit losses on financial instruments ("asu 2016-13"), to update the methodology used to measure current expected credit losses ("cecl"). this asu applies to financial assets measured at amortized cost, including loans, held-to-maturity debt securities, net investments in leases, and trade accounts receivable as well as certain off-balance sheet credit exposures, such as loan commitments. this asu replaces the current incurred loss impairment methodology with a methodology to reflect cecl and requires consideration of a broader range of reasonable and supportable information to explain credit loss estimates. the guidance must be adopted using a modified retrospective transition method through a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings in the period of adoption. this asu will be effective beginning in the first quarter of our fiscal year 2021. we do not expect asu 2016-13 to have a material impact to our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.
44
