item 1a.  risk factors many factors could have an effect on our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. we are subject to various risks resulting from changing economic, environmental, political, industry, business, financial and regulatory conditions. the factors described below represent our principal risks.
risks related to economic and industry conditions our business, financial condition and result of operations have been, and are expected to continue to be, significantly and adversely affected by the covid-19 pandemic, and we cannot predict the extent to which this effect will continue.
in december 2019, a novel coronavirus causing a disease known as covid-19 was first reported in china and its spread was declared a pandemic by the world health organization in march 2020. substantially all locations where we and our customers and suppliers have offices and production facilities were impacted by government-imposed quarantines, stay-at-home restrictions, travel restrictions and other public health and safety measures.
covid-19 has significantly impacted our operations and financial results during 2020 by slowing down the economy and depressing demand in many of our markets, and causing a negative impact on many of our customers, as well as the end customers of products for which our products serve as materials and inputs.
the extent to which covid-19 will continue to impact our operations or those of our customers or suppliers will depend on future developments and numerous factors, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence. these include:
•the extent of any resurgence in infections and the spread of the disease, and the effectiveness of any vaccines;
•additional governmental, business and individual actions to contain the spread of the outbreak, including social distancing, work-at-home, stay-at-home and shelter-in-place orders and shutdowns, travel restrictions and quarantines;
•the extent to which these conditions depress economic activity generally and demand for our products specifically and affect the financial markets;
•the effect of the outbreak on our employees, customers, suppliers, supply chain and other business partners;
•our ability during the outbreak to provide our products and services;
•disruptions to our business, supply chain or the availability of raw materials caused by plant, workplace and office closures;
•the risk that we could be exposed to liability, negative publicity or reputational harm related to any incidents of actual or perceived transmission of covid-19 among employees at our facilities;
•the ability of our customers to pay for our products and services during and following the outbreak;
•our ability to access usual sources of liquidity on reasonable terms; and
•our ability to comply with the financial covenant in our credit agreement if a material and prolonged economic downturn were to result in increased indebtedness or substantially lower ebitda.
the covid-19 pandemic continues to evolve, and it is unknown how long disruptions to our customers' demand will continue. we have monitored and will continue to monitor the situation closely.
we are exposed to general economic, political and regulatory conditions and risks in the countries in which we have operations and customers.
we operate globally and have customers in many countries. our major facilities are primarily located in north america, europe and asia, and we hold interests in affiliates that operate in the united states ("us"), germany, china, japan, south korea and saudi arabia. our principal customers are similarly global in scope and the prices of our most significant products are typically regional or world market prices. consequently, our business and financial results are affected, directly and indirectly, by world economic conditions, including instability in credit markets, declining consumer and business confidence, fluctuating commodity prices and interest rates, volatile exchange rates and other challenges such as the changing regulatory environment.
our operations are also subject to global political conditions. for example, any future withdrawal or renegotiation of trade agreements, or the failure to reach agreement over trade agreements, or the imposition of new or increased tariffs on our products or raw materials, or the more aggressive prosecution of trade disputes with countries like china, may increase costs or reduce profitability, or adversely affect our ability to operate our business and execute our growth strategy. in addition, it may be more difficult for us to enforce agreements, collect receivables, receive dividends and repatriate earnings through foreign legal systems. in certain foreign jurisdictions our operations are subject to nationalization and expropriation risk and some of our contractual relationships within these jurisdictions are subject to cancellation without full compensation for loss. furthermore, in certain cases where we benefit from local government subsidies or other undertakings, such benefits are subject to the solvency of local government entities and are subject to termination without meaningful recourse or remedies.
we have invested significant resources in china and other asian countries. this region's growth may slow, or trade flows could be negatively impacted, and we may fail to realize the anticipated benefits associated with our investment there and, consequently, our financial results may be adversely impacted.
in addition, we have significant operations and financial relationships based in europe. historically, sales originating in europe have accounted for over one-third of our net sales annually, and accounted for approximately 40% of our net sales in 2020. adverse conditions in the european economy related to the united kingdom's exit from the european union ("eu") membership or otherwise may negatively impact our overall financial results due to reduced economic growth, trade disruptions, decreased end-use customer demand or other factors.
we are subject to risks associated with the increased volatility in the prices and availability of key raw materials and energy, which could have a significant adverse effect on the margins of our products and our financial results.
we purchase significant amounts of ethylene, methanol, carbon monoxide and natural gas from third parties primarily for use in our production of basic chemicals in our intermediate chemistry business, principally acetic acid, vam and formaldehyde. we use a portion of our output of these chemicals, in turn, as inputs in the production of downstream products in all of our business segments. we also purchase some of these raw materials for use in our emulsion polymers and eva polymer businesses, primarily for vinyl acetate ethylene emulsions and ethylene vinyl acetate production, as well as significant amounts of wood pulp for use in our production of acetate tow. the price of many of these items is dependent on the available supply of that item and may increase significantly as a result of uncertainties associated with war, terrorist activities, civil unrest, epidemics, pandemics, weather, natural disasters, the effects of climate change or political instability, plant or production disruptions, strikes or other labor unrest, breakdown or degradation of transportation infrastructure used in the delivery of raw materials and energy commodities, or changes in laws or regulations in any of the countries in which we have significant suppliers. in particular, to the extent of our vertical integration in the production of chemicals, shortages in the availability of raw material chemicals, such as natural gas, ethylene and methanol, or the loss of our dedicated supplies of carbon monoxide, may have an increased adverse impact on us as it can cause a shortage in intermediate and finished products. such shortages would adversely impact our ability to produce certain products and increase our costs resulting in reduced margins and adversely impacted financial results.
we are exposed to volatility in the prices of our raw materials and energy. although we have long-term supply agreements, multi-year purchasing and sales agreements and forward purchase contracts providing for the supply of ethylene, methanol, carbon monoxide, wood pulp, natural gas and electricity, the contractual prices for these raw materials and energy can vary with economic conditions and may be highly volatile. in addition to the factors noted above that may impact supply or price, factors that have caused volatility in our raw material prices in the past and which may do so in the future include:
•shortages of raw materials due to increasing demand, e.g., from growing uses or new uses;
•capacity constraints, e.g., due to construction delays, labor disruption, government-imposed work or travel restrictions, involuntary shutdowns or turnarounds;
•a supplier's inability to meet our delivery orders, a supplier's decision not to fulfill orders or to terminate a supply contract or our inability to obtain or renew supply contracts on favorable terms;
•the general level of business, economic and industry activity; and
•the direct or indirect effect of governmental regulation (including the impact of government regulation relating to climate change or regulation of production and transport of certain chemicals).
if we are not able to fully offset the effects of higher energy and raw material costs through price increases, productivity improvements or cost reduction programs, or if such commodities become unavailable, it could have a significant adverse effect on our ability to timely and profitably manufacture and deliver our products resulting in reduced margins and adverse financial results.
we have a practice of maintaining, when available, multiple sources of supply for raw materials and services. however, some of our individual plants may have single sources of supply for some of their raw materials, such as carbon monoxide, steam and ethylene, or site services. although we have been able to obtain sufficient supplies of raw materials and services, there can be no assurance that unforeseen developments will not affect our ability to source raw materials or services in the future. even if we have multiple sources of supply for a raw material or a service, there can be no assurance that these sources can make up for the loss of a major supplier. furthermore, if any sole source or major supplier were unable or unwilling to deliver a raw material or a service for an extended period of time, we may not be able to find an acceptable alternative or any such alternative could result in increased costs. it is also possible that profitability would be adversely affected if we were required to qualify additional sources of supply for a raw material or a service to our specifications in the event of the loss of a sole source or major supplier.
almost all of our supply of methanol in north america is currently obtained from our joint venture, fairway, with mitsui, in which we own a 50% interest, for the production of methanol at our integrated chemical plant in clear lake, texas.
risks related to our global operations and our strategy production at our manufacturing facilities, or at our suppliers', could be disrupted for a variety of reasons, which could prevent us from producing enough of our products to maintain our sales and satisfy our customers' demands.
a disruption in production at one or more of our manufacturing facilities, or our suppliers, could have a material adverse effect on our business. disruptions could occur for many reasons, including fire, natural disasters, weather, unplanned maintenance or other manufacturing problems, public health crises (including, but not limited to, the covid-19 pandemic), disease, strikes or other labor unrest, transportation interruption, government regulation, political unrest or terrorism. alternative facilities with sufficient capacity or capabilities may not be available, may cost substantially more or may take a significant time to start production, each of which could negatively affect our business and financial performance. if one of our key manufacturing facilities is unable to produce our products for an extended period of time, our sales may be reduced by the shortfall caused by the disruption and we may not be able to meet our customers' needs, which could cause them to seek other suppliers. in particular, production disruptions at our manufacturing facilities that produce chemicals used as inputs in the production of chemicals in other business segments, such as acetic acid, vam and formaldehyde, could have a more significant adverse effect on our business and financial performance and results of operations to the extent of such vertical integration. furthermore, to the extent a production disruption occurs at a manufacturing facility that has been operating at or near full capacity, the resulting shortage of our product could be particularly harmful because production at such manufacturing facility may not be able to reach levels achieved prior to the disruption.
we have experienced recent disruptions of the type described above. in august 2020, to protect our employees and safeguard the assets at our clear lake facility, we temporarily, voluntarily ceased production at our clear lake, texas facility during the landfall of hurricane laura. during 2019, production of acetic acid and vam was disrupted due to a localized fire at our clear lake, texas facility, which caused reduced sales and profits.
disruptions or interruptions of production or operations could also occur due to accidents, interruptions in sources of raw materials, cyber security incidents, terrorism or political unrest, or other unforeseen events or delays in construction or operation of facilities, including as a result of geopolitical conditions, the occurrence of acts of war or terrorist incidents or as a result of weather, natural disasters, or other crises including public health crises.
failure to develop new products and production technologies or to implement productivity and cost reduction initiatives successfully, may harm our competitive position.
our operating results depend significantly on the development of commercially viable new products, product grades and applications, as well as process technologies. if we are unsuccessful in developing new products, applications and production processes in the future, including failing to leverage our opportunity pipeline in our engineered materials segment, our competitive position and operating results may be negatively affected. however, as we invest in new technology, we face the risk of unanticipated operational or commercialization difficulties, including an inability to obtain necessary permits or governmental approvals, the development of competing technologies, failure of facilities or processes to operate in accordance with specifications or expectations, construction delays, cost over-runs, the unavailability of financing, required materials or equipment and various other factors. likewise, we have undertaken and are continuing to undertake initiatives in all of our business segments to improve productivity and performance and to generate cost savings. these initiatives may not be completed or beneficial or the estimated cost savings from such activities may not be realized.
we could be subject to damages based on claims brought against us by our customers or lose customers as a result of the failure of our products to meet certain quality specifications.
our products provide important performance attributes to our customers' products. if one of our products fails to perform in a manner consistent with applicable quality specifications, a customer could seek replacement of the product or damages for costs incurred as a result of the product failing to perform as guaranteed. a successful claim or series of claims against us could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations and could result in a loss of one or more key customers.
our production facilities, including facilities we own and/or operate and operations at our facilities owned and/or operated by third parties, handle the processing of some volatile and hazardous materials that subject us to operating and other risks that could have a negative effect on our operating results.
although we take precautions to enhance the safety of, and minimize the disruption to, our operations and operations at our facilities owned and/or operated by third parties, we are subject to operating and other risks associated with chemical manufacturing, including the storage and transportation of raw materials, finished products and waste. these risks include, among other things, pipeline and storage tank leaks and ruptures, explosions and fires and discharges or releases of toxic or hazardous substances. in addition, we may have limited control over operations at our facilities owned and/or operated by third parties or such operations may not be fully integrated into our safety programs.
these operating and other risks can cause personal injury, property damage, third-party damages and environmental contamination, and may result in the shutdown of affected facilities and the imposition of civil or criminal penalties. the occurrence of any of these events may disrupt production and have a negative effect on the productivity and profitability of a particular manufacturing facility, our operating results and cash flows.
our future success depends in part on our ability to protect our intellectual property rights and our rights to use our intellectual property. our inability to protect and enforce these rights could reduce our ability to maintain our industry position and our profit margins.
we rely on our patents, trademarks, copyrights, know-how and trade secrets, and patents and other technology licensed from third parties, to protect our investment in research and development and our competitive commercial positions in manufacturing and marketing our products. we have adopted internal policies for protecting our know-how and trade secrets. in addition, our practice is to seek patent or trade secret protection for significant developments that provide us competitive advantages and freedom to practice for our businesses. patents may cover catalysts, processes, products, intermediate products and product uses. these patents are usually filed in strategic countries throughout the world and provide varying periods and scopes of protection based on the filing date and the type of patent application. the legal life and scope of protection provided by a patent may vary among those countries in which we seek protection. as patents expire, the catalysts, processes, products, intermediate products and product uses described and claimed in those patents generally may become available for use by the public subject to our continued protection for associated know-how and trade secrets. we also monitor intellectual property of others, especially patents that could impact our rights to commercially implement research and development, our rights to manufacture and market our products, and our rights to use know-how and trade secrets. we will not intentionally infringe upon the valid intellectual property rights of others, and we will continue to assess and take actions as necessary to protect our positions. we also seek to register trademarks as a means of protecting the brand names of our products, which brand names become more important once the corresponding product or process patents have expired. we operate in regions of the world where intellectual property protection may be limited and difficult to enforce and our continued growth strategy may result in us seeking intellectual property protection in additional regions with similar challenges. we also monitor the trademarks of others and take action when our trademark rights are being infringed upon. if we are not successful in protecting or maintaining our patent, license, trademark or other intellectual property rights, or protecting our rights to commercially make, market and sell our products, our net sales, results of operations and cash flows may be adversely affected.
our business is exposed to risks associated with the creditworthiness of our suppliers, customers and business partners and the industries in which our suppliers, customers and business partners participate are cyclical in nature, both of which may adversely affect our business and results of operations.
our business is exposed to risks associated with the creditworthiness of our key suppliers, customers and business partners and reductions in demand for our customers' products. these risks include the interruption of production at the facilities of our customers, the reduction, delay or cancellation of customer orders, delays in or the inability of customers to obtain financing to purchase our products, delays in or interruptions of the supply of raw materials we purchase and bankruptcy of customers, suppliers or other creditors. furthermore, some of the industries in which our end-use customers participate, such as the automotive, electrical, construction and textile industries, are highly competitive, to a large extent driven by end-use applications, and may experience overcapacity, all of which may affect demand for and the pricing of our products. in addition, many of these industries are cyclical in nature, thus posing risks to us that vary throughout the year. the occurrence of any of these events may adversely affect our cash flow, profitability and financial condition.
we may incur significant charges in the event we close or divest all or part of a manufacturing plant or facility.
we periodically assess our manufacturing operations in order to manufacture and distribute our products in the most efficient manner. based on our assessments, we may make capital improvements to modernize certain units, move manufacturing or distribution capabilities from one plant or facility to another plant or facility, discontinue manufacturing or distributing certain products or close or divest all or part of a manufacturing plant or facility. we also have shared services agreements at several of our plants and if such agreements are terminated or revised, we would assess and potentially adjust our manufacturing operations. the closure or divestiture of all or part of a manufacturing plant or facility could result in future charges that could be significant. see note 4 - acquisitions, dispositions and plant closures in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further information.
we may not be able to complete future acquisitions or joint venture transactions or successfully integrate them into our business, which could adversely affect our business or results of operations.
as part of our growth strategy, we intend to pursue acquisitions and joint venture opportunities. successful accomplishment of this objective may be limited by the availability and suitability of acquisition candidates, the ability to obtain regulatory approvals necessary to complete a planned transaction, and by our financial resources, including available cash and borrowing capacity. acquisitions and joint venture transactions involve numerous risks, including difficulty determining appropriate valuation, integrating operations, technologies, services and products of the acquired lines or businesses, personnel turnover and the diversion of management's attention from other business matters. in addition, we may be unable to achieve anticipated benefits from these transactions in the time frame that we anticipate, or at all, which could adversely affect our business or results of operations. see strategic affiliates in item 1. business for further information.
the insurance coverage that we maintain may not fully cover all operational risks.
we maintain property, business interruption, casualty and cyber/information security insurance but such insurance may not cover all of the risks associated with the hazards of our business and is subject to limitations, including deductibles and maximum liabilities covered. we may incur losses beyond the limits, or outside the coverage, of our insurance policies, including liabilities for environmental remediation. in the future, the types of insurance we obtain and the level of coverage we maintain may be inadequate or we may be unable to continue to maintain our existing insurance or obtain comparable insurance at a reasonable cost.
differences in views with our joint venture participants may cause our joint ventures not to operate according to their business plans, which may adversely affect our results of operations.
we currently participate in a number of joint ventures and may enter into additional joint ventures in the future. the nature of a joint venture requires us to work cooperatively with unaffiliated third parties. differences in views among joint venture participants may result in delayed decisions or failure to agree on major decisions. if these differences cause the joint ventures to deviate from their business plans or to fail to achieve their desired operating performance, our results of operations could be adversely affected.
our significant non-us operations expose us to global exchange rate fluctuations that could adversely impact our profitability.
we conduct a significant portion of our operations outside the us. consequently, fluctuations in currencies of other countries, especially the euro, may materially affect our operating results. because our consolidated financial statements are presented in us dollars, we must translate revenues, income and expenses, as well as assets and liabilities, into us dollars based on average exchange rates prevailing during the reporting period or the exchange rate at the end of that period. therefore, increases or decreases in the value of the us dollar against other major currencies will affect our net operating revenues, operating income and the cost of balance sheet items denominated in foreign currencies. foreign exchange rates can also impact the competitiveness of products produced in certain jurisdictions and exported for sale into other jurisdictions. these changes may impact the value received for the sale of our goods versus those of our competitors.
in addition to currency translation risks, we incur a currency transaction risk whenever one of our operating subsidiaries enters into a purchase or sales transaction using a currency different from the operating subsidiary's functional currency. given the volatility of exchange rates, particularly the strengthening of the us dollar against major currencies or the currencies of large developing countries, we may not be able to manage our currency transaction and translation risks effectively.
we use financial instruments to hedge certain exposure to foreign currency fluctuations, but those hedges in most cases cover existing balance sheet exposures and not future transactional exposures. we cannot guarantee that our hedging strategies will be effective. in addition, the use of financial instruments creates counterparty settlement risk. failure to effectively manage these risks could have an adverse impact on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
we are subject to information technology security threats that could materially affect our business.
we have been and will continue to be subject to advanced and persistent threats in the areas of information technology security and fraud. we seek to prevent unauthorized access to our information technology systems and to detect and investigate any security incidents that may occur, however in some cases we might be unaware of a particular incident or its magnitude and effects. at the current time, we may face increased information technology security and fraud risks due to our increased reliance on working remotely during the covid-19 pandemic, which may create additional information security vulnerabilities and/or magnify the impact of any disruption in information technology systems. additionally, we may be exposed to unauthorized access to our information technology systems through undetected vulnerabilities in our service providers' information systems or software.
the theft, misuse or publication of our intellectual property and/or confidential business information or the compromising of our systems or networks could harm our competitive position, cause operational disruption, reduce the value of our investment in research and development of new products and other strategic initiatives or otherwise adversely affect our business or results of operations. to the extent that any security breach results in inappropriate disclosure of our employees', customers' or vendors' confidential or personally identifiable information, we may incur liability or suffer reputational damage in the marketplace as a result. we maintain cyber/information security insurance, but any losses may be beyond the limits, or outside the coverage, of our policy.
information security threats and methods of perpetrating fraud or misappropriating information are constantly evolving and becoming more complex, which increases the difficulty and expense of defending against these threats. although we attempt to mitigate these risks by employing a number of measures, including insurance, monitoring of our systems and networks, employee training and maintenance of backup and protective systems, our systems, networks, products and services remain potentially vulnerable to increasingly sophisticated advanced persistent threats that may have a material effect on our business. in addition, the devotion of additional resources to the security of our information technology systems in the future could significantly increase the cost of doing business or otherwise adversely impact our financial results.
legal, regulatory and tax risks failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations and/or changes in applicable laws or regulations may adversely affect our business and financial results as a whole.
we are subject to extensive international, national, state, local and other laws and regulations. failure to comply with these laws, including antitrust and anticorruption laws, rules, regulations or court decisions, could expose us to fines, penalties and other costs. for example, in december 2019 we announced the recording of a reserve in connection with a competition law investigation by the european commission based on certain past ethylene purchases by certain subsidiaries of the company, and in july 2020, we announced that we had reached a final settlement of $92 million with respect to this investigation. the company paid this settlement in full on january 12, 2021. although we have implemented policies, procedures and employee training designed to ensure compliance with these laws, rules, regulations and court decisions, there can be no assurance that our employees and business partners and other third parties acting on our behalf will comply with these laws, rules, regulations and court decisions, which could result in fines, penalties and costs and damage to our business reputation.
moreover, changes in laws or regulations, including the more aggressive enforcement of such laws and regulations, such as unexpected changes in regulatory requirements (including import or export licensing requirements), or changes in reporting requirements of the us, canadian, mexican, german, eu or asian governmental agencies, could increase the cost of doing business in these regions. in addition, enforcement of environmental or other governmental policy may result in plant shut downs or significantly decreased production, such as in china on high pollution days. any of these conditions, including the failure to obtain or maintain operating permits for our business, may have an effect on our business and financial results as a whole and may result in volatile current and future prices for our products and raw materials. see note 21 - commitments and contingencies in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further information.
our business exposes us to potential product liability, warranty, and tort claims, and recalls, which could adversely affect our financial condition and performance.
the development, manufacture and sale of specialty chemical products by us, including products produced for the food and beverage, cigarette, medical device, pharmaceutical, automobile, construction and aerospace, industries, involves a risk of exposure to product liability, warranty, and tort claims, product recalls, product seizures and related adverse publicity. a product liability, warranty, or tort claim or judgment against us that is larger than those typically experienced in the regular course of business could also result in substantial and unexpected expenditures, affect consumer or customer confidence in our products, and divert management's attention from other responsibilities. although we maintain product liability insurance, there can be no assurance that this type or the level of coverage is adequate or that we will be able to continue to maintain our existing insurance or obtain comparable insurance at a reasonable cost, if at all. a product recall or a significant partially or completely uninsured judgment against us could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. although we have standard contracting policies and controls, we may not always be able to contractually limit our exposure to third party claims should our failure to perform result in downstream supply disruptions or product recalls.
environmental regulations and other obligations relating to environmental matters could subject us to liability for fines, clean-ups and other damages, require us to incur significant costs to modify our operations and increase our manufacturing and delivery costs.
costs related to our compliance with environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, and potential obligations with respect to sites currently or formerly owned or operated by us, may have a negative impact on our operating results. we also have obligations related to the indemnity agreement contained in the demerger and transfer agreement between celanese gmbh and hoechst ag for environmental matters arising out of certain divestitures that took place prior to the demerger. see note 14 - environmental in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further information.
our operations are subject to extensive international, national, state, local and other laws and regulations that govern environmental, health and safety matters and that regulate the handling, manufacture, use, emission and disposal of products, materials and hazardous and non-hazardous waste. if we violate any one of those laws or regulations, we can be held liable for substantial fines and other sanctions, including limitations on our operations as a result of changes to or revocations of environmental permits involved. we could also face claims for damages from individuals or groups for alleged violations of these laws or regulations.
we also incur substantial capital and other costs to comply with environmental, health and safety requirements. stricter environmental, safety and health laws and regulations could result in substantial additional costs and liabilities to us or limitations on our operations. consequently, compliance with these laws and regulations may negatively affect our earnings and cash flows in a particular reporting period. see item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - liquidity and capital resources for further information.
changes in environmental, health and safety regulations in the jurisdictions where we manufacture or sell our products could lead to a decrease in demand for our products.
new or revised governmental regulations, independent studies or consumer or societal perceptions relating to the effect of our products on health, safety or the environment may affect demand for our products and the cost of producing our products. in addition, products we produce, including vam, formaldehyde and polymers derived from formaldehyde, may be classified and labeled in a manner that would adversely affect demand for such products. for example, in 2012 the international agency for research on cancer ("iarc"), a research agency within the world health organization, classified formaldehyde as carcinogenic to humans (group 1) based on epidemiological studies linking formaldehyde exposure to nasopharyngeal cancer, a rare cancer in humans, and leukemia. in 2011, a similar conclusion was reached by the national toxicology program ("ntp"), a u.s. inter-agency research program. we anticipate that the results of the iarc's and the ntp's reviews will continue to be examined and considered by government regulatory agencies with responsibility for setting worker and environmental exposure standards and labeling requirements.
other initiatives, including the eu green deal strategy on the sustainable use of chemicals, potentially will require toxicological testing and risk assessments of a wide variety of chemicals, including chemicals used or produced by us. these initiatives include the frank r. lautenberg chemical safety for the 21st century act which amended the toxic substances control act (tsca), the united states primary chemicals management law, as well as the us's proposal to update reach (registration, evaluation, authorization and restriction of chemicals), and new initiatives in asia and other regions. these assessments may result in heightened concerns about the chemicals involved and additional regulatory requirements being placed on the production, handling, labeling and/or use of the subject chemicals. such concerns and additional requirements could also increase the cost incurred by our customers to use our chemical products and otherwise limit the use of these products, which could lead to a decrease in demand for these products. such a decrease in demand would likely have an adverse impact on our business and results of operations.
us federal regulations aimed at increasing security at certain chemical production plants and similar legislation that may be proposed in the future, if passed into law, may increase our operating costs and cause an adverse effect on our results of operations.
the chemical facility anti-terrorism standards program, which is administered by the department of homeland security, identifies and regulates chemical facilities to ensure that they have security measures in place to reduce the risks associated with potential terrorist attacks on chemical plants located in the us. in december 2014, the protecting and securing chemical facilities from terrorist attacks act of 2014 was enacted, and reauthorized on july 22, 2020 for three years. the reauthorization does not make any changes to the program.
we are subject to risks associated with possible climate change legislation, regulation and international accords.
greenhouse gas emissions have become the subject of a large amount of international, national, regional, state and local attention. for example, the environmental protection agency has promulgated rules concerning reporting greenhouse gas emissions. the european commission has also embarked on the european green deal initiative with the goal of making the eu carbon neutral by 2050, which could lead to additional statutory or regulatory requirements. in addition, regulation of greenhouse gas also could occur pursuant to future treaty obligations, statutory or regulatory changes or new climate change legislation. as such, future environmental legislative and regulatory developments related to climate change are likely, which could materially increase operating costs in the chemical industry and thereby increase our manufacturing and delivery costs.
our business and financial results may be adversely affected by various legal and regulatory proceedings.
we are involved in legal and regulatory proceedings, lawsuits, claims and investigations in the normal course of business and could become subject to additional claims in the future, some of which could be material. the outcome of existing proceedings, lawsuits, claims and investigations may differ from our expectations because the outcomes of such proceedings, including regulatory matters, are often difficult to reliably predict. various factors or developments can lead us to change current estimates of liabilities and related insurance receivables where applicable, or permit us to make such estimates for matters previously not susceptible to reasonable estimates, such as a significant judicial ruling or judgment, a significant settlement, significant regulatory developments, or changes in applicable law. a future adverse ruling, settlement, or unfavorable development could result in charges that could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition in any particular period. see note 14 - environmental and note 21 - commitments and contingencies in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further information.
changes in, or the interpretation of, tax legislation or rates throughout the world could materially impact our results.
our future effective tax rate and related tax balance sheet attributes could be impacted by changes in tax legislation throughout the world. the overall tax environment has made it increasingly challenging for multinational corporations to operate with certainty about taxation in many jurisdictions. for example, the european commission has been conducting investigations focusing on whether local country tax rulings or tax legislation provide preferential tax treatment that violates eu state aid rules. in addition, the organization of economic cooperation and development, which represents a coalition of member countries, is supporting changes to numerous long-standing tax principles through its base erosion and profit shifting initiatives, which focus on a number of issues, including the shifting of profits among affiliated entities located in different tax jurisdictions. furthermore, a number of countries where we do business, including the us and many countries in the eu, have changed or are considering changes in relevant tax, accounting and other laws, regulations and interpretations, including changes to tax laws applicable to multinational corporations. the increasingly complex global tax environment and related legislative developments could have a material adverse effect on our effective tax rate, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.
in december 2017, the tax cuts and jobs act (the "tcja") was enacted and was effective january 1, 2018. the us treasury has issued various final and proposed regulations supplementing the tcja provisions since 2018. see note 17 - income taxes in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further information.
our future effective tax rates could be affected by changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, expirations of tax holidays or rulings, changes in the assessment regarding the realization of deferred tax assets, or changes in tax laws and regulations or their interpretation. we are subject to the regular examination of our income tax returns by various tax authorities. examinations in material jurisdictions or changes in laws, rules, regulations or interpretations by local taxing authorities could result in impacts to tax years open under statute or to foreign operating structures currently in place. we regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations or changes in laws, rules, regulations or interpretations to determine the adequacy of our provision for taxes. it is possible the outcomes from these examinations will have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and operating results in future periods.
risks related to our human capital our success depends upon our ability to attract and retain key employees and the identification and development of talent to succeed senior management.
we rely heavily on our management team. accordingly, our success depends on our ability to attract and retain key personnel. the inability to recruit and retain key personnel or the unexpected loss of key personnel may adversely affect our operations. in addition, because of our reliance on our management team, our future success depends in part on our ability to identify and develop talent to succeed senior management. the retention of key personnel and appropriate senior management succession planning will continue to be important to the successful implementation of our strategies.
significant changes in pension fund investment performance or assumptions relating to pension costs may have a material effect on the valuation of pension obligations, the funded status of pension plans and our pension cost.
the cost of our pension plans is incurred over long periods of time and involves many uncertainties during those periods of time. our funding policy for pension plans is to accumulate plan assets that, over the long run, will approximate the present value of projected benefit obligations. our pension cost is materially affected by the discount rate used to measure pension obligations, the level and value of plan assets available to fund those obligations at the measurement date and the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets. significant changes in investment performance or a change in the portfolio mix of invested assets will likely result in corresponding increases and decreases in the valuation of plan assets and a change in the discount rate or mortality assumptions, which will likely result in an increase or decrease in the valuation of pension obligations. the combined impact of these changes will affect the reported funded status of our pension plans as well as the net periodic pension cost in the following fiscal years. in recent years, an extended duration strategy in the asset portfolio has been implemented in some plans to reduce the influence of liability volatility due to changes in interest rates. if the funded status of a pension plan declines, we may be required to make unscheduled contributions in addition to those contributions for which we have already planned. see note 13 - benefit obligations in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further information.
some of our employees are unionized, represented by workers councils or are subject to local laws that are less favorable to employers than the laws of the us.
as of december 31, 2020, we had 7,658 employees globally. approximately 16% of our 2,678 us-based employees are unionized. in addition, a large number of our employees are employed in countries in which employment laws provide greater bargaining or other employment rights than the laws of the us. such employment rights require us to work collaboratively with the legal representatives of the employees to effect any changes to labor agreements. most of our employees in europe are represented by workers councils and/or unions that must approve any changes in terms and conditions of employment, including potentially salaries and benefits. they may also impede efforts to restructure our workforce. although we believe we have a good working relationship with our employees and their legal representatives, a strike, work stoppage, or slowdown by our employees could occur, resulting in a disruption of our operations or higher ongoing labor costs.
risks related to our indebtedness our level of indebtedness and other liabilities could diminish our ability to raise additional capital to fund our operations or refinance our existing indebtedness when it matures, limit our ability to react to changes in the economy or the chemicals industry and prevent us from meeting obligations under our indebtedness.
see note 12 - debt in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further information about our indebtedness. see note 11 - noncurrent other liabilities, note 13 - benefit obligations, note 14 - environmental and note 21 - commitments and contingencies in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further information about our other obligations.
our level of indebtedness and other liabilities could have important consequences, including:
•increasing our vulnerability to general economic and industry conditions, including exacerbating the impact of any adverse business effects that are determined to be material adverse events under our existing senior credit agreement (the "credit agreement") or our indentures (the "indentures") governing our $400 million in aggregate principal amount of 5.875% senior unsecured notes due 2021, $500 million in aggregate principal amount of 4.625% senior unsecured notes due 2022, €750 million in aggregate principal amount of 1.125% senior unsecured notes due 2023, $500 million in aggregate principal amount of 3.500% senior unsecured notes due 2024, €300 million in aggregate principal amount of 1.250% senior unsecured notes due 2025 and €500 million in aggregate principal amount of 2.125% senior unsecured notes due 2027 (collectively, the "senior notes");
•requiring a substantial portion of cash flow from operations to be dedicated to the payment of principal and interest on indebtedness and amounts payable in connection with the satisfaction of our other liabilities, therefore reducing our ability to use our cash flow to fund operations, capital expenditures and future business opportunities or pay dividends on our common stock, par value $0.0001 per share ("common stock");
•exposing us to the risk of increased interest rates as certain of our borrowings are at variable rates of interest;
•exposing us to the risk of changes in currency exchange rates as certain of our borrowings are denominated in foreign currencies; and
•limiting our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, product development, debt service requirements, acquisitions and general corporate or other purposes.
restrictive covenants in our debt agreements may limit our ability to engage in certain transactions and may diminish our ability to make payments on our indebtedness or pay dividends.
the credit agreement, the indentures and the receivables purchase agreement governing our receivables securitization facility each contain various covenants that limit our ability to engage in specified types of transactions. the credit agreement and the indentures contain covenants including, but not limited to, restrictions on our and certain of our subsidiaries' ability to incur additional debt; incur liens securing debt; merge or consolidate with any other person; and sell, assign, transfer, lease, convey or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of the issuer's assets or the assets of certain subsidiaries. additionally, the credit agreement requires the maintenance of certain financial ratios.
such restrictions in our debt obligations could result in us having to obtain the consent of our lenders and holders of the senior notes in order to take certain actions. disruptions in credit markets may prevent us from obtaining or make it more difficult or more costly for us to obtain such consents. our ability to expand our business or to address declines in our business may be limited if we are unable to obtain such consents.
a breach of any of these covenants could result in a default, which, if not cured or waived, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. furthermore, a default under the credit agreement could permit lenders to accelerate the maturity of our indebtedness under the credit agreement and to terminate any commitments to lend. if the lenders under the credit agreement accelerate the repayment of such indebtedness, we may not have sufficient liquidity to repay such amounts or our other indebtedness, including the senior notes. in such event, we could be forced into bankruptcy or liquidation.
celanese and celanese us are holding companies and depend on subsidiaries to satisfy their obligations under the senior notes and the guarantee of celanese us's obligations under the senior notes and the credit agreement by celanese.
as holding companies, celanese and celanese us conduct substantially all of their operations through their subsidiaries, which own substantially all of our consolidated assets. consequently, the principal source of cash to pay celanese and celanese us's obligations, including obligations under the senior notes and the guarantee of celanese us's obligations under the credit agreement and the indentures by celanese, is the cash that our subsidiaries generate from their operations. we cannot assure that our subsidiaries will be able to, or be permitted to, make distributions to enable celanese us and/or celanese to make payments in respect of their obligations. each of our subsidiaries is a distinct legal entity and, under certain circumstances, applicable country or state laws, regulatory limitations and terms of our debt instruments may limit our subsidiaries' ability to distribute cash to celanese us and celanese. while the credit agreement and the indentures limit the ability of our subsidiaries to put restrictions on paying dividends or making other intercompany payments to us, these limitations are subject to certain qualifications and exceptions, which may have the effect of significantly restricting the applicability of those limits. in the event celanese us and/or celanese do not receive distributions from our subsidiaries, celanese us and/or celanese may be unable to make required payments on the indebtedness under the credit agreement, the indentures, the guarantee of celanese us's obligations under the credit agreement and the indentures by celanese, or our other indebtedness.
item 1a. risk factors of this annual report also contains a description of certain risk factors that you should consider which could significantly affect our financial results. in addition, the following factors, among others, could cause our actual results to differ materially from those results, performance or achievements that may be expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements:
•the extent to which the covid-19 pandemic continues to adversely impact the economic environment, market demand and our operations, as well as the pace of any economic recovery;
•changes in general economic, business, political and regulatory conditions in the countries or regions in which we operate;
•the length and depth of product and industry business cycles particularly in the automotive, electrical, textiles, electronics and construction industries;
•changes in the price and availability of raw materials, particularly changes in the demand for, supply of, and market prices of ethylene, methanol, natural gas, wood pulp and fuel oil and the prices for electricity and other energy sources;
•the ability to pass increases in raw material prices on to customers or otherwise improve margins through price increases;
•the ability to maintain plant utilization rates and to implement planned capacity additions, expansions and maintenance;
•the ability to reduce or maintain current levels of production costs and to improve productivity by implementing technological improvements to existing plants;
•increased price competition and the introduction of competing products by other companies;
•the ability to identify desirable potential acquisition targets and to complete acquisition or investment transactions, including obtaining regulatory approvals, consistent with our strategy;
•market acceptance of our technology;
•compliance and other costs and potential disruption or interruption of production or operations due to accidents, interruptions in sources of raw materials, cyber security incidents, terrorism or political unrest, public health crises (including, but not limited to, the covid-19 outbreak), or other unforeseen events or delays in construction or operation of facilities, including as a result of geopolitical conditions, the occurrence of acts of war or terrorist incidents or as a result of weather, natural disasters, or other crises;
•the ability to obtain governmental approvals and to construct facilities on terms and schedules acceptable to us;
•changes in applicable tariffs, duties and trade agreements, tax rates or legislation throughout the world including, but not limited to, adjustments, changes in estimates or interpretations that may impact recorded or future tax impacts associated with the tax cuts and jobs act ("tcja") and potential regulatory and legislative tax developments in other jurisdictions;
•changes in the degree of intellectual property and other legal protection afforded to our products or technologies, or the theft of such intellectual property;
•potential liability for remedial actions and increased costs under existing or future environmental, health and safety regulations, including those relating to climate change;
•potential liability resulting from pending or future claims or litigation, including investigations or enforcement actions, or from changes in the laws, regulations or policies of governments or other governmental activities, in the countries in which we operate;
•changes in currency exchange rates and interest rates; and
•various other factors, both referenced and not referenced in this annual report.
many of these factors are macroeconomic in nature and are, therefore, beyond our control. covid-19 and responses to the pandemic by governments and businesses, have significantly increased financial and economic volatility and uncertainty, exacerbating the risks and potential impact of these factors. should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, affect us in ways or to an extent that we currently do not expect or consider to be significant, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, our actual results, performance or achievements may vary materially from those described in this annual report as anticipated, believed, estimated, expected, intended, planned or projected. we neither intend nor assume any obligation to update these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates.
results of operations financial highlights year ended december 31,
2020                                                                                                                         2019                        change
(in $ millions, except percentages)
statement of operations data net sales                                                                                5,655                         6,297                         (642)
gross profit                                                                             1,293                         1,606                         (313)
selling, general and administrative ("sg&amp;a") expenses                                (482)                         (483)                             1
other (charges) gains, net                                                                (39)                         (203)                           164
operating profit (loss)                                                                    664                           834                         (170)
equity in net earnings (loss) of affiliates                                                134                           182                          (48)
non-operating pension and other postretirement employee benefit (expense) income            17                          (20)                            37
interest expense                                                                         (109)                         (115)                             6
refinancing expense                                                                          -                           (4)                             4
dividend income - equity investments                                                       126                           113                            13
gain (loss) on sale of investments in affiliates                                         1,408                             -                         1,408
earnings (loss) from continuing operations before tax                                    2,251                           988                         1,263
earnings (loss) from continuing operations                                               2,004                           864                         1,140
earnings (loss) from discontinued operations                                              (12)                           (6)                           (6)
net earnings (loss)                                                                      1,992                           858                         1,134
net earnings (loss) attributable to celanese corporation                                 1,985                           852                         1,133
other data depreciation and amortization                                                              350                           352                           (2)
sg&amp;a expenses as a percentage of net sales                                             8.5    %                      7.7    %
operating margin(1)                                                                       11.7    %                     13.2    %
other (charges) gains, net restructuring                                                                             (20)                          (23)                             3
asset impairments                                                                         (31)                          (83)                            52
plant/office closures                                                                        7                           (4)                            11
commercial disputes                                                                          6                           (4)                            10
european commission investigation                                                          (2)                          (89)                            87
other                                                                                        1                             -                             1
total other (charges) gains, net                                                          (39)                         (203)                           164
_____________________________
(1)defined as operating profit (loss) divided by net sales.
as of december 31,
2020                                                                                                                                        2019
(in $ millions)
balance sheet data cash and cash equivalents                                                                                 955                           463
short-term borrowings and current installments of long-term debt - third party and affiliates             496                           496
long-term debt, net of unamortized deferred financing costs                                             3,227                         3,409
total debt                                                                                              3,723                         3,905
factors affecting business segment net sales the percentage increase (decrease) in net sales attributable to each of the factors indicated for each of our business segments is as follows:
year ended december 31, 2020 compared to year ended december 31, 2019
volume                      price                currency            other                      total
(in percentages)
engineered materials       (11)                      (3)                      1                 -                       (13)
acetate tow                (14)                      (4)                      -                 -                       (18)
acetyl chain               -                         (8)                      1                 -                        (7)
total company              (5)                       (6)                      -        1                                (10)
pension and postretirement benefit plan costs the increase (decrease) in pension and other postretirement plan net periodic benefit cost for each of our business segments is as follows:
year ended december 31, 2020 compared to year ended december 31, 2019
engineered materials                acetate tow                      acetyl chain                 other activities                  total
(in $ millions)
service cost                                             1                                   -                                    2                               1                          4
interest cost and expected return on plan assets         -                                   -                                    -                            (45)                       (45)
amortization of prior service credit                     -                                   -                                    -                               -                          -
special termination benefit                              -                                   -                                    -                               -                          -
recognized actuarial (gain) loss                         -                                   -                                    -                               9                          9
curtailment / settlement (gain) loss                     (1)                                 -                                    -                               -                        (1)
total                                                    -                                   -                                    2                            (35)                       (33)
see note 13 - benefit obligations in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further information.
consolidated results year ended december 31, 2020 compared to year ended december 31, 2019
net sales decreased $642 million, or 10%, for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the same period in 2019 primarily due to:
•lower volume in our engineered materials and acetate tow segments due to (i) depressed global economic conditions as a result of the covid-19 pandemic and (ii) the expiration of an acetate flake contract; and
•lower pricing across all of our segments, primarily driven by our acetyl chain segment due to the reduced global customer demand environment and an overall deflationary environment for raw materials as a result of the covid-19 pandemic;
partially offset by:
•a favorable currency impact resulting from a stronger euro relative to the us dollar.
operating profit decreased $170 million, or 20%, for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the same period in 2019 primarily due to:
•lower net sales across all of our segments; and
•higher plant turnaround and spending in our engineered materials and acetyl chain segments;
partially offset by:
•lower raw material costs within our acetyl chain and engineered materials segments;
•a favorable impact to other (charges) gains, net. during the year ended december 31, 2019, we recorded a reserve of $89 million as a result of the european commission's investigation of certain past ethylene purchases and an $83 million long-lived asset impairment loss related to the closure of our acetate flake manufacturing operations in ocotlán, mexico, which did not recur in the current year. see note 4 - acquisitions, dispositions and plant closures and note 16 - other (charges) gains, net in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further information; and
•lower energy costs across all of our segments.
equity in net earnings (loss) of affiliates decreased $48 million for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the same period in 2019 primarily due to:
•a decrease in equity investment in earnings of $31 million and $8 million from our ibn sina and korea engineering plastics co., ltd. ("kepco") strategic affiliates, primarily as a result of depressed global economic conditions; and
•a decrease in equity investment in earnings of $10 million from our polyplastics strategic affiliate as a result of the sale of our 45% joint venture equity interest to our joint venture partner daicel during the three months ended december 31, 2020. see note 7 - investments in affiliates in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further information.
non-operating pension and other postretirement employee benefit income increased $37 million during the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the same period in 2019 primarily due to lower interest cost and higher expected return on plan assets. see note 13 - benefit obligations in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further information.
gain (loss) on sale of investments in affiliates of $1.4 billion increased for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the same period in 2019 due to the sale of our 45% polyplastics joint venture equity interest. see note 7 - investments in affiliates in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further information.
our effective income tax rate for the year ended december 31, 2020 was 11% compared to 13% for the year ended 2019. the lower effective income tax rate for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the same period in 2019 was primarily due to the tax impacts of certain divestitures and reorganization transactions, partially offset by tax charges related to the impacts of uncertain tax positions due to available tax attribute carryforwards and increases in the valuation allowance on us foreign tax credit carryforwards due to revised forecasts of foreign sourced income and expenses during the carryforward period. see note 17 - income taxes in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further information.
discussion of our financial condition and results of operations for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to the year ended december 31, 2018 and for the year ended december 31, 2018 compared to the year ended december 31, 2017, can be found in part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in our annual reports for the years ended december 31, 2019 and december 31, 2018, respectively.
business segments engineered materials year ended                                                       %
december 31,
2020                                                                                      2019                     change                       change
(in $ millions, except percentages)
net sales                                                  2,081                     2,386                     (305)                       (12.8)    %
net sales variance volume                                                      (11)   %
price                                                        (3)   %
currency                                                       1   %
other                                                          -   %
other (charges) gains, net                                  (36)                         5                      (41)                      (820.0)    %
operating profit (loss)                                      235                       446                     (211)                       (47.3)    %
operating margin                                            11.3   %                  18.7   %
equity in net earnings (loss) of affiliates                  115                       168                      (53)                       (31.5)    %
gain (loss) on sale of investments in affiliates           1,408                         -                     1,408                        100.0    %
depreciation and amortization                                134                       131                         3                          2.3    %
year ended december 31, 2020 compared to year ended december 31, 2019
net sales decreased for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the same period in 2019 primarily due to:
•lower volume for most of our products driven by depressed global economic conditions as a result of the covid-19 pandemic; and
•lower pricing for most of our products, primarily due to a continued reduction in customer demand, as well as customer and product mix;
partially offset by:
•a favorable currency impact resulting from a stronger euro relative to the us dollar.
operating profit decreased for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the same period in 2019 primarily due to:
•lower net sales;
•higher plant turnaround activity and associated inventory costs of $73 million, partially offset by reduced spending on lower plant production; and
•an unfavorable impact of $41 million to other (charges) gains, net. during the year ended december 31, 2020, we recorded a $26 million long-lived asset impairment loss related to certain fixed assets used in compounding operations at our facilities in kaiserslautern, germany; wehr, germany and ferrara marconi, italy. during the year ended december 31, 2019, we also recorded a $15 million gain related to a settlement of a commercial dispute from a previous acquisition, which did not recur in the current year. see note 16 - other (charges) gains, net in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further information;
partially offset by:
•lower raw material costs for most of our products; and
•lower energy costs of $19 million, primarily related to favorable pricing.
equity in net earnings (loss) of affiliates decreased for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the same period in 2019 primarily due to:
•a decrease in equity investment in earnings of $31 million and $8 million from our ibn sina and kepco strategic affiliates, primarily as a result of depressed global economic conditions; and
•a decrease in equity investment in earnings of $10 million from our polyplastics strategic affiliate as a result of the sale of our 45% joint venture equity interest to our joint venture partner daicel during the three months ended december 31, 2020.
gain (loss) on sale of investments in affiliates of $1.4 billion increased for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the same period in 2019 due to the sale of our 45% polyplastics joint venture equity interest. see note 7 - investments in affiliates in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further information.
acetate tow year ended                                                       %
december 31,
2020                                                                          2019                     change                       change
(in $ millions, except percentages)
net sales                                        519                       636                     (117)                       (18.4)    %
net sales variance volume                                          (14)   %
price                                            (4)   %
currency                                           -   %
other                                              -   %
other (charges) gains, net                       (1)                      (88)                        87                         98.9    %
operating profit (loss)                          118                        52                        66                        126.9    %
operating margin                                22.7   %                   8.2   %
dividend income - equity investments             126                       112                        14                         12.5    %
depreciation and amortization                     36                        45                       (9)                       (20.0)    %
year ended december 31, 2020 compared to year ended december 31, 2019
net sales decreased for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the same period in 2019 primarily due to:
•lower acetate flake volume, primarily due to the expiration of an acetate flake contract;
•lower acetate tow volume, consistent with global demand reduction; and
•lower acetate tow pricing, primarily due to customer mix.
operating profit increased for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the same period in 2019 primarily due to:
•a favorable impact of $87 million to other (charges) gains, net. during the year ended december 31, 2019, we recorded an $83 million long-lived asset impairment loss related to the closure of our acetate flake manufacturing operations in ocotlán, mexico, which did not recur in the current year. see note 16 - other (charges) gains, net in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further information; and
•lower energy costs, spending and accelerated depreciation and amortization expense of $23 million, $11 million and $10 million, respectively, primarily related to the closure of our acetate flake manufacturing unit in ocotlán, mexico in the prior year;
partially offset by:
•lower net sales.
dividend income from equity investments increased for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the same period in 2019 primarily due to:
•higher earnings from our acetate tow joint ventures related to the expiration of an acetate flake contract, which was assumed by nantong cellulose fibers co. ltd.
acetyl chain year ended                                                       %
december 31,
2020                                                                                2019                     change                       change
(in $ millions, except percentages)
net sales                                            3,147                     3,392                     (245)                        (7.2)    %
net sales variance volume                                                   -   %
price                                                  (8)   %
currency                                                 1   %
other                                                    -   %
other (charges) gains, net                               7                       (3)                        10                        333.3    %
operating profit (loss)                                563                       678                     (115)                       (17.0)    %
operating margin                                      17.9   %                  20.0   %
equity in net earnings (loss) of affiliates              5                         4                         1                         25.0    %
depreciation and amortization                          163                       161                         2                          1.2    %
year ended december 31, 2020 compared to year ended december 31, 2019
net sales decreased for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the same period in 2019 primarily due to:
•lower pricing for most of our products, primarily due to the reduced global customer demand environment and an overall deflationary environment for raw materials as a result of the covid-19 pandemic; and
•lower volume for most of our products, primarily due to the reduced global customer demand environment as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, mostly offset by higher volume for redispersible powders due to our acquisition of nouryon's redispersible polymer powders business offered under the elotex® brand ("elotex");
partially offset by:
•a favorable currency impact, primarily related to a stronger euro relative to the us dollar.
operating profit decreased for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the same period in 2019 primarily due to:
•lower net sales;
•higher plant turnaround costs of $20 million, primarily related to our joint venture, fairway, and clear lake plants; and
•higher costs of $14 million, primarily related to our acquisition of elotex;
partially offset by:
•lower raw material costs, primarily for ethylene, acetic acid and methanol; and
•lower energy costs of $13 million, primarily related to favorable pricing.
other activities year ended                                                       %
december 31,
2020                                                                                                                    2019                     change                       change
(in $ millions, except percentages)
other (charges) gains, net                                                                 (9)                     (117)                       108                         92.3    %
operating profit (loss)                                                                  (252)                     (342)                        90                         26.3    %
equity in net earnings (loss) of affiliates                                                 14                        10                         4                         40.0    %
non-operating pension and other postretirement employee benefit (expense) income            16                      (20)                        36                        180.0    %
dividend income - equity investments                                                         -                         1                       (1)                      (100.0)    %
depreciation and amortization                                                               17                        15                         2                         13.3    %
year ended december 31, 2020 compared to year ended december 31, 2019
operating loss decreased for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the same period in 2019 primarily due to:
•a favorable impact of $108 million to other (charges) gains, net. during the year ended december 31, 2019, we recorded a reserve of $89 million as a result of the european commission's investigation and a $19 million loss related to settlements with former third-party customers, which did not recur in the current year. see note 16 - other (charges) gains, net in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further information; and partially offset by:
•an unfavorable impact of $12 million resulting from losses on foreign currency forwards and swaps.
non-operating pension and other postretirement employee benefit income increased for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the same period in 2019 primarily due to:
•lower interest cost and higher expected return on plan assets. see note 13 - benefit obligations in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further information.
liquidity and capital resources our primary sources of liquidity are cash generated from operations, available cash and cash equivalents, dividends from our portfolio of strategic investments and available borrowings under our senior unsecured revolving credit facility. as of december 31, 2020 we have $1.3 billion available for borrowing under our senior unsecured revolving credit facility, if required, in meeting our working capital needs and other contractual obligations. in addition, we held cash and cash equivalents of $955 million as of december 31, 2020. we are actively managing our business to maintain cash flow, and we believe that liquidity from the above-referenced sources will be sufficient to meet our operational and capital investment needs and financial obligations for the foreseeable future.
while our contractual obligations, commitments and debt service requirements over the next several years are significant, we continue to believe we will have available resources to meet our liquidity requirements, including debt service, for the next twelve months. if our cash flow from operations is insufficient to fund our debt service and other obligations, we may be required to use other means available to us such as increasing our borrowings, reducing or delaying capital expenditures, seeking additional capital or seeking to restructure or refinance our indebtedness. there can be no assurance, however, that we will continue to generate cash flows at or above current levels.
total cash outflows for capital expenditures are expected to be approximately $450 million to $500 million in 2021, primarily due to additional investments in growth opportunities and productivity improvements primarily in our engineered materials and acetyl chain segments.
on a stand-alone basis, celanese and its immediate 100% owned subsidiary, celanese us, have no independent external operations of their own. accordingly, they generally depend on the cash flow of their subsidiaries and their ability to pay dividends and make other distributions to celanese and celanese us in order to meet their obligations, including their obligations under senior credit facilities and senior notes, and to pay dividends on our common stock.
we are subject to capital controls and exchange restrictions imposed by the local governments in certain jurisdictions where we operate, such as china, india and indonesia. capital controls impose limitations on our ability to exchange currencies, repatriate earnings or capital, lend via intercompany loans or create cross-border cash pooling arrangements. our largest exposure to a country with capital controls is in china. pursuant to applicable regulations, foreign-invested enterprises in china may pay dividends only out of their accumulated profits, if any, determined in accordance with chinese accounting standards and regulations. in addition, the chinese government imposes certain currency exchange controls on cash transfers out of china, puts certain limitations on duration, purpose and amount of intercompany loans, and restricts cross-border cash pooling. while it is possible that future tightening of these restrictions or application of new similar restrictions could impact us, these limitations do not currently restrict our operations.
we remain in compliance with the financial covenants under our senior unsecured revolving credit facility and expect to remain in compliance based on our current expectation of future results of operations. if our actual future results of operations differ materially from these expectations, or if we otherwise experience increased indebtedness or substantially lower ebitda, we may be required to seek an amendment or waiver of such covenants which may increase our borrowing costs under those debt instruments.
cash flows cash and cash equivalents increased $492 million to $955 million as of december 31, 2020 compared to december 31, 2019. as of december 31, 2020, $578 million of the $955 million of cash and cash equivalents was held by our foreign subsidiaries. under the tcja, we have incurred a prior year charge associated with the deemed repatriation of previously unremitted foreign earnings, including foreign held cash. these funds are largely accessible without additional material tax consequences, if needed in the us, to fund operations. see note 17 - income taxes in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further information.
year ended december 31, 2020 compared to year ended december 31, 2019
•net cash provided by (used in) operating activities net cash provided by operating activities decreased $111 million to $1.3 billion for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to $1.5 billion for the same period in 2019. net cash provided by operations for the year ended december 31, 2020 decreased primarily due to:
•a decrease in net earnings, net of the sale of our polyplastics joint venture equity interest;
partially offset by:
•favorable trade working capital of $147 million, primarily due to a decrease in inventory and payables. inventory decreased as a result of turnaround activity and reduced operational rates in the current year. payables decreased as a result of timing of settlement of trade payables; and
•a decrease in incentive compensation payouts of $62 million.
•net cash provided by (used in) investing activities net cash provided by investing activities increased $1.1 billion to $592 million for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to net cash used in investing activities of $493 million for the same period in 2019, primarily due to:
•a net cash inflow of $1.6 billion related to the sale of our 45% polyplastics joint venture equity interest. see note 7 - investments in affiliates in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further information;
partially offset by:
•a net cash outflow of $544 million related to the purchase of marketable securities.
•net cash provided by (used in) financing activities net cash used in financing activities increased $536 million to $1.5 billion for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to $935 million for the same period in 2019, primarily due to:
•an increase in net repayments of short-term debt of $715 million, primarily as a result of higher borrowings under our revolving credit facility and accounts receivable securitization facility during the year ended december 31, 2019 related to the timing of share repurchases of our common stock; and
•a decrease in net proceeds of long-term debt of $169 million, primarily due to the issuance of $500 million in principal amount of the 3.500% senior unsecured notes due may 8, 2024 (the "3.500% notes"), partially offset by the redemption of the 3.250% senior unsecured notes (the "3.250% notes") during the year ended december 31, 2019, as discussed below;
partially offset by:
•lower share repurchases of our common stock of $346 million during the year ended december 31, 2020.
in addition, exchange rates had a favorable impact of $28 million on cash and cash equivalents and an unfavorable impact of $2 million on cash and cash equivalents for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
debt and other obligations
•senior credit facilities in january 2019, celanese, celanese us and certain subsidiary borrowers entered into a new senior credit agreement (the "credit agreement") consisting of a $1.25 billion senior unsecured revolving credit facility (with a letter of credit sublimit), maturing in 2024. the credit agreement is guaranteed by celanese, celanese us and substantially all of its domestic subsidiaries ("the subsidiary guarantors"). we borrowed $685 million and repaid $963 million under our senior unsecured revolving credit facility during the year ended december 31, 2020.
•senior notes we have outstanding senior unsecured notes, issued in public offerings registered under the securities act of 1933 ("securities act"), as amended, as follows (collectively, the "senior notes"):
senior notes   issue date                    principal                    interest rate                                 interest pay dates   maturity date
(in millions)                 (in percentages)
5.875% notes   may 2011                           $400                            5.875        june 15                  december 15          june 15, 2021
4.625% notes   november 2012                      $500                            4.625       march 15                  september 15         november 15, 2022
1.125% notes   september 2016                     €750                            1.125                                       september 26   september 26, 2023
3.500% notes   may 2019                           $500                            3.500          may 8                  november 8           may 8, 2024
1.250% notes   december 2017                      €300                            1.250                                        february 11   february 11, 2025
2.125% notes   november 2018                      €500                            2.125                                            march 1   march 1, 2027
the senior notes were issued by celanese us and are guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by celanese and the subsidiary guarantors. celanese us may redeem some or all of each of the senior notes, prior to their respective maturity dates, at a redemption price of 100% of the principal amount, plus a "make-whole" premium as specified in the applicable indenture, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the redemption date.
in may 2019, celanese us completed an offering of the 3.500% notes in a public offering registered under the securities act. the 3.500% notes were issued at a discount to par at a price of 99.895%. net proceeds from the sale of the 3.500% notes were used to redeem in full the 3.250% notes, to repay $156 million of outstanding borrowings under the senior unsecured revolving credit facility and for general corporate purposes. in connection with the issuance of the 3.500% notes, we entered into a cross-currency swap to effectively convert our fixed-rate us dollar denominated debt under the 3.500% notes, including annual interest payments and the payment of principal at maturity, to fixed-rate euro denominated debt.
•accounts receivable securitization facility on july 6, 2020, we entered into an amended and restated receivables purchase agreement (the "amended receivables purchase agreement") under our us accounts receivable securitization facility among certain of our subsidiaries, our wholly-owned, "bankruptcy remote" special purpose subsidiary ("spe") and certain global financial institutions ("purchasers"). the amended receivables purchase agreement extends the term of the securitization facility such that the spe may sell certain receivables to the purchasers until july 2, 2021. under the amended receivables purchase agreement, transfers of accounts receivable from the spe are treated as sales and are accounted for as a reduction in accounts receivable because the agreement transfers effective control over and risk related to the accounts receivable to the spe. we have no continuing involvement in the transferred accounts receivable, other than collection and administrative responsibilities and, once sold, the accounts receivable are no longer available to satisfy our creditors. on july 6, 2020, we sold $87 million of our accounts receivable and repaid $87 million of borrowings from the accounts receivable securitization facility. these sales were transacted at 100% of the face value of the relevant accounts receivable. we de-recognized $595 million of accounts receivable under this agreement through december 31, 2020. unsold accounts receivable of $51 million were pledged by the spe as collateral to the purchasers as of december 31, 2020.
•european factoring agreement we also have a factoring agreement in europe with a financial institution to sell certain accounts receivable on a non-recourse basis. these transactions are treated as a sale and are accounted for as a reduction in accounts receivable because the agreement transfers effective control over and risk related to the receivables to the buyer. we have no continuing involvement in the transferred receivables, other than collection and administrative responsibilities and, once sold, the accounts receivable are no longer available to satisfy creditors in the event of bankruptcy. we de-recognized $201 million and $257 million of accounts receivable through december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
our material financing arrangements contain customary covenants, including the maintenance of certain financial ratios, events of default and change of control provisions. failure to comply with these covenants, or the occurrence of any other event of default, could result in acceleration of the borrowings and other financial obligations. we are in compliance with all of the covenants related to our debt agreements as of december 31, 2020.
see note 12 - debt in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further information.
guarantor financial information the senior notes were issued by celanese us ("issuer") and are guaranteed by celanese corporation ("parent guarantor") and the subsidiary guarantors (collectively the "obligor group"). see note 12 - debt in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further information. the issuer and subsidiary guarantors are 100% owned subsidiaries of the parent guarantor. the parent guarantor and subsidiary guarantors represent substantially all of the company's us assets and business operations. the subsidiary guarantors are listed in exhibit 22.1 to this annual report.
the parent guarantor and the subsidiary guarantors have guaranteed the senior notes on a full and unconditional, joint and several, senior unsecured basis. the guarantees are subject to certain customary release provisions, including that a subsidiary guarantor will be released from its respective guarantee in specified circumstances, including (i) the sale or transfer of all of its assets or capital stock; (ii) its merger or consolidation with, or transfer of all or substantially all of its assets to, another person; or (iii) its ceasing to be a majority-owned subsidiary of the issuer in connection with any sale of its capital stock or other transaction. additionally, a subsidiary guarantor will be released from its guarantee of the senior notes at such time that it ceases to guarantee the issuer's obligations under the credit agreement (subject to the satisfaction of customary document delivery requirements). the obligations of the subsidiary guarantors under their guarantees are limited as necessary to prevent such guarantees from constituting a fraudulent conveyance or fraudulent transfer under applicable law.
the parent guarantor and the issuer are holding companies that conduct substantially all of their operations through their subsidiaries, which own substantially all of our consolidated assets. the parent guarantor has no material assets other than the stock of its immediate 100% owned subsidiary, the issuer. the principal source of cash to pay the parent guarantor's and the issuer's obligations, including obligations under the senior notes and the guarantee of the issuer's obligations under the credit agreement, is the cash that our subsidiaries generate from their operations. each of the subsidiary guarantors and our non-guarantor subsidiaries is a distinct legal entity and, under certain circumstances, applicable country or state laws, regulatory limitations and terms of other debt instruments may limit our subsidiaries' ability to distribute cash to the issuer and the parent guarantor. while the credit agreement and the indentures generally limit the ability of our subsidiaries to restrict payment of dividends or other distributions to us, these limitations are subject to certain qualifications and exceptions, which may have the effect of significantly limiting the applicability of those restrictions.
for cash management purposes, the company transfers cash between the parent guarantor, issuer, subsidiary guarantors and non-guarantors through intercompany financing arrangements, contributions or declaration of dividends between the respective parent and its subsidiaries. while the non-guarantor subsidiaries do not guarantee the issuer's obligations under our outstanding debt, the transfer of cash under these activities facilitates the ability of the recipient to make specified third-party payments for principal and interest on the senior notes, credit agreement, the company's other outstanding debt, common stock dividends and common stock repurchases.
the summarized financial information of the obligor group is presented below on a combined basis after the elimination of: (i) intercompany transactions among such entities and (ii) equity in earnings from and investments in the non-guarantor subsidiaries. transactions with, and amounts due to or from, non-guarantor subsidiaries and affiliates are separately disclosed.
year ended december 31,
2020
(in $ millions)
net sales to third parties                                          1,264
net sales to non-guarantor subsidiaries                               868
total net sales                                                     2,132
gross profit                                                          355
earnings (loss) from continuing operations                          1,530
net earnings (loss)                                                 1,524
net earnings (loss) attributable to the obligor group               1,524
as of december 31,
2020                                                                                                 2019
(in $ millions)
receivables from non-guarantor subsidiaries                        318                           391
other current assets                                             1,597                           580
total current assets                                             1,915                           971
goodwill                                                           399                           399
other noncurrent assets                                          3,519                         1,972
total noncurrent assets                                          3,918                         2,371
current liabilities due to non-guarantor subsidiaries            1,206                           468
current liabilities due to affiliates                               58                            78
other current liabilities                                          958                           772
total current liabilities                                        2,222                         1,318
noncurrent liabilities due to non-guarantor subsidiaries         1,593                           316
other noncurrent liabilities                                     3,648                         3,814
total noncurrent liabilities                                     5,241                         4,130
share capital on january 28, 2021, we declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.68 per share on our common stock amounting to $78 million. the cash dividend will be paid on february 23, 2021 to holders of record as of february 9, 2021.
our board of directors has authorized the aggregate repurchase of $5.9 billion of our common stock since february 2008. these authorizations give management discretion in determining the timing and conditions under which shares may be repurchased. this repurchase program does not have an expiration date. during the year ended december 31, 2020, we repurchased shares of our common stock at an aggregate cost of $650 million. as of december 31, 2020, we had $1.1 billion remaining under authorizations by our board of directors.
see note 15 - stockholders' equity in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further information.
contractual debt and cash obligations the following table sets forth our fixed contractual debt and cash obligations as of december 31, 2020:
payments due by period total                     less than                         years                         years                      after
1 year                     2 &amp; 3                     4 &amp; 5                    5 years
(in $ millions)
fixed contractual debt obligations senior notes                                                        3,296                         400                         1,419                           867                         610
interest payments on debt and other obligations                       341             (1)          90                           123                            57                          71
finance lease obligations                                             201                          30                            48                            39                          84
other debt                                                            239             (2)          66                             3                            88                          82
total                                                               4,077                         586                         1,593                         1,051                         847
operating leases                                                      280                          41                            68                            46                         125
uncertain tax positions, including interest and penalties             240                           -                             -                             -                         240        (3)
unconditional purchase obligations                                  3,355             (4)         355                           646                           544                       1,810
pension and other postretirement funding obligations                  447                          47                            94                            90                         216
environmental and asset retirement obligations                         84                          21                            25                            11                          27
total                                                               8,483                       1,050                         2,426                         1,742                       3,265
______________________________
(1)future interest expense is calculated using the rate in effect on december 31, 2020.
(2)other debt is primarily made up of fixed rate pollution control and industrial revenue bonds, short-term borrowings from affiliated companies and other bank obligations.
(3)due to uncertainties in the timing of the effective settlement of tax positions with the respective taxing authorities, we are unable to determine the timing of payments related to our uncertain tax obligations, including interest and penalties. these amounts are therefore reflected in "after 5 years".
(4)unconditional purchase obligations primarily represent the take-or-pay provisions included in certain long-term purchase agreements. we do not expect to incur material losses under these arrangements. these amounts, obtained via a survey of celanese, also include other purchase obligations such as maintenance and service agreements, energy and utility agreements, consulting contracts, software agreements and other miscellaneous agreements and contracts.
contractual guarantees and commitments as of december 31, 2020, we have standby letters of credit of $21 million and bank guarantees of $23 million outstanding, which are irrevocable obligations of an issuing bank that ensure payment to third parties in the event that certain subsidiaries fail to perform in accordance with specified contractual obligations. the likelihood is remote that material payments will be required under these agreements.
see note 12 - debt in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for a description of the guarantees under our senior notes and credit agreement.
see note 21 - commitments and contingencies in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for a discussion of commitments and contingencies related to legal and regulatory proceedings.
off-balance sheet arrangements we have not entered into any material off-balance sheet arrangements.
market risks see item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosure about market risk for further information.
critical accounting policies and estimates our consolidated financial statements are based on the selection and application of significant accounting policies. the preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with us gaap requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of net sales, expenses and allocated charges during the reporting period. actual results could differ from those estimates. however, we are not currently aware of any reasonably likely events or circumstances that would result in materially different results.
we believe the following accounting policies and estimates are critical to understanding the financial reporting risks present in the current economic environment. these matters, and the judgments and uncertainties affecting them, are also essential to understanding our reported and future operating results. see note 2 - summary of accounting policies in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further information.
•recoverability of long-lived assets recoverability of goodwill and indefinite-lived assets we assess the recoverability of the carrying amount of our goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets annually during the third quarter of our fiscal year using june 30 balances or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset may not be fully recoverable.
when assessing the recoverability of goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets, we may first assess qualitative factors in determining whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit or other indefinite-lived intangible asset is less than its carrying amount. the qualitative evaluation is an assessment of multiple factors, including the current operating environment, financial performance and market considerations. we may elect to bypass the qualitative assessment for some or all of our reporting units or other indefinite-lived intangible assets and proceed directly to a quantitative analysis depending on the facts and circumstances.
in performing a quantitative analysis of goodwill, recoverability of goodwill for each reporting unit is measured using a discounted cash flow model incorporating discount rates commensurate with the risks involved. the key assumptions used in the discounted cash flow valuation model include discount rates, growth rates, tax rates, cash flow projections and terminal value rates. discount rates, growth rates and cash flow projections are the most sensitive and susceptible to change as they require significant management judgment.
management tests other indefinite-lived intangible assets quantitatively utilizing the relief from royalty method under the income approach to determine the estimated fair value for each indefinite-lived intangible asset. key assumptions used in this model include discount rates, royalty rates, growth rates, tax rates, sales projections and terminal value rates. discount rates, royalty rates, growth rates, growth rates and sales projections are the assumptions most sensitive and susceptible to change as they require significant management judgment.
specific assumptions discussed above are updated at the date of each test to consider current industry and company-specific risk factors from the perspective of a market participant. the current business environment is subject to evolving market conditions and requires significant management judgment to interpret the potential impact to our assumptions. to the extent that changes in the current business environment result in adjusted management projections, impairment losses may occur in future periods.
see note 9 - goodwill and intangible assets, net in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further information.
•benefit obligations the amounts recognized in the consolidated financial statements related to pension and other postretirement benefits are determined on an actuarial basis. various assumptions are used in the calculation of the actuarial valuation of the employee benefit plans. these assumptions include the discount rate, compensation levels, expected long-term rates of return on plan assets and trends in health care costs. in addition, actuarial consultants use factors such as withdrawal and mortality rates to estimate the projected benefit obligation. the actuarial assumptions used may differ materially from actual results due to changing market and economic conditions, higher or lower withdrawal rates or longer or shorter life spans of participants. these differences may result in a significant impact to the amount of net periodic benefit cost recorded in future periods.
pension assumptions are reviewed annually in the fourth quarter of each fiscal year and whenever a plan is required to be remeasured. assumptions are reviewed on a plan and country-specific basis by third-party actuaries and senior management. such assumptions are adjusted as appropriate to reflect changes in market rates and outlook.
see note 13 - benefit obligations in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further information.
•income taxes we regularly review our deferred tax assets for recoverability and establish a valuation allowance as needed. in forming our judgment regarding the recoverability of deferred tax assets related to deductible temporary differences and tax attribute carryforwards, we give weight to positive and negative evidence based on the extent to which the forms of evidence can be objectively verified. we attach the most weight to historical earnings due to its verifiable nature. weight is attached to tax planning strategies if the strategies are prudent and feasible and implementable without significant obstacles. less weight is attached to forecasted future earnings due to its subjective nature, and expected timing of reversal of taxable temporary differences is given little weight unless the reversal of taxable and deductible temporary differences coincide. valuation allowances are established primarily on net operating loss carryforwards and other deferred tax assets in the us, luxembourg, spain, china, the united kingdom, mexico, canada and france. we have appropriately reflected increases and decreases in our valuation allowance based on the overall weight of positive versus negative evidence on a jurisdiction by jurisdiction basis.
the recoverability of deferred tax assets and the recognition and measurement of uncertain tax positions are subject to various assumptions and management judgment. if actual results differ from the estimates made by management in establishing or maintaining valuation allowances against deferred tax assets, the resulting change in the valuation allowance would generally impact earnings or other comprehensive income depending on the nature of the respective deferred tax asset. in addition, the positions taken with regard to tax contingencies may be subject to audit and review by tax authorities, which may result in future taxes, interest and penalties.
see note 17 - income taxes in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further information.
recent accounting pronouncements see note 3 - recent accounting pronouncements in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for information regarding recent accounting pronouncements.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in this annual report on form 10-k ("annual report"), the term "celanese" refers to celanese corporation, a delaware corporation, and not its subsidiaries. the terms the "company," "we," "our" and "us," refer to celanese and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. the term "celanese us" refers to the company's subsidiary, celanese us holdings llc, a delaware limited liability company, and not its subsidiaries.
the following discussion should be read in conjunction with the accompanying consolidated financial statements and notes to the consolidated financial statements, which are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america ("us gaap").
investors are cautioned that the forward-looking statements contained in this section and other parts of this annual report involve both risk and uncertainty. several important factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated by these statements. many of these statements are macroeconomic in nature and are, therefore, beyond the control of management. see "forward-looking statements" below.
forward-looking statements management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations ("md&a") and other parts of this annual report contain certain forward-looking statements and information relating to us that are based on the beliefs of our management as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, us. generally, words such as "believe," "expect," "intend," "estimate," "anticipate," "project," "plan," "may," "can," "could," "might," and "will," and similar expressions, as they relate to us are intended to identify forward-looking statements. these statements reflect our current views and beliefs with respect to future events at the time that the statements are made, are not historical facts or guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict and many of which are outside of our control. further, certain forward-looking statements are based upon assumptions as to future events that may not prove to be accurate. see "special note regarding forward-looking statements" at the beginning of this annual report for further discussion.
covid-19 update on march 11, 2020, the world health organization declared the outbreak of a novel coronavirus ("covid-19") as a pandemic, which originated in china and has spread throughout the world to substantially all locations where we have offices, production facilities, customers and suppliers, creating a dynamic and challenging situation worldwide. the covid-19 pandemic is evolving, and to date has led to the implementation of various responses, including government-imposed quarantines, stay-at-home restrictions, travel restrictions and other public health and safety measures.
our employees' health and well-being continue to be of vital importance. for employees who are working in plants and who have returned to the office, we have implemented government recommended protocols and best practices related to social distancing and best hygiene practices, including the use of additional personal protective equipment and enhanced cleaning protocols, where appropriate. we have also restricted visitor access and non-essential business travel. we have a global crisis team in place monitoring the evolving situation and recommending risk mitigation actions, including workplace health and safety measures. we also have site activation teams at all locations to guide and implement our careful return-to-office efforts in accordance with government regulations and recommended protocols. our presence in china provided us with an advance view of how covid-19 scenarios can unfold as well as the importance of taking early action.
we operate within a geographically-balanced global footprint and have the ability to utilize different production and distribution strategies depending on the business and product to satisfy customer demands. we continue to pursue our existing operational strategy. where we temporarily reduced run rates in prior quarters, our plants are now operating at more normalized levels, and we have been able to maintain a largely consistent supply chain. during the first half of 2020, the effects of covid-19 and related actions to control its spread had a significant, negative impact on the operating results of our engineered materials and acetyl chain segments. however, during the second half of 2020, consumer demand for most applications increased within many regions of the world, particularly in china and the us, which have rebounded to pre-covid-19 levels. in engineered materials, demand has returned to pre-covid-19 levels for automotive and consumer goods such as electronics and appliances. applications including food and beverage, pharma and 5g infrastructure continue to be resilient. demand for medical applications remains at slightly reduced levels as a result of delayed elective surgeries. in the acetyl chain, we benefit from a highly diversified set of end-uses with less exposure, relative to others in the industry, to end markets that have been most acutely impacted by covid-19. however, the low acetic acid pricing, along with volatility with global oil markets, presented a deflationary environment for the acetyl chain business for the year ended december 31, 2020. that trend began to reverse toward the end of 2020 as recent increases in raw material prices and demand levels had a beneficial impact on pricing within the acetyl chain. further, we see resiliency and even growth in some applications within all of our segments, including packaging, hygiene products, disinfectants, pharma, paints, bonding agents and cigarettes. we currently anticipate that customer demand and our results of operations should continue on a more normalized basis in 2021, assuming effective rollout of vaccines and absent a resurgence of covid-19, as the economies in which we operate continue to recover.
we have taken, and will continue to take, actions as necessary to mitigate the impact of covid-19 on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flow. we managed inventory levels, reduced our manufacturing costs and optimized our working capital. we have reduced discretionary spending such as travel and other corporate functional expenses. although significant layoffs have not occurred within the company during the year ended december 31, 2020, a small number of positions have been eliminated under a global restructuring program implemented largely as a result of cost cutting initiatives as part of our ongoing commitment to driving efficiencies and on which decisions were made before, and independently from, the onset of the pandemic.
we are actively managing our business to maintain cash flow, and we believe that liquidity from (i) cash generated from operations; (ii) cash on hand; (iii) dividends from our portfolio of strategic investments; and (iv) cash available from our senior unsecured revolving credit facility and our accounts receivable securitization facility, will be sufficient to meet our operational and capital investment needs and financial obligations for the foreseeable future. we remain in compliance with the financial covenants under our senior unsecured revolving credit facility and expect to remain in compliance based on our current expectation of future results of operations.
capital expenditures were $364 million for the year ended december 31, 2020 and are expected to be in the range of $450 million to $500 million in 2021, prioritizing those projects that continue to drive productivity in the near-term. we remain fully committed to our current cash dividend. during the year ended december 31, 2020, we completed $650 million of share repurchases and expect to purchase approximately $400 million to $500 million of additional shares in 2021.
the extent to which covid-19 will adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations will depend on numerous evolving factors, which are highly uncertain, rapidly changing and cannot be predicted. for further information regarding the impact covid-19 could have on our business, financial condition and results of operations, see item 1a. risk factors. for further discussion of our liquidity condition, see liquidity and capital resources in this item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
risk factors
