item 1a.    risk factors.
in addition to the other information contained in this annual report on form 10-k, you should carefully consider the factors discussed below before deciding to invest in any of our securities. these risks and uncertainties, individually or in combination, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
market risks our business is cyclical, resulting in periods of industry oversupply during which our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows tend to be negatively affected.
historically, selling prices for our products have fluctuated in response to periodic changes in supply and demand conditions. demand for nitrogen is affected by planted acreage, crop selection and fertilizer application rates, driven by population growth, gross domestic product growth, changes in dietary habits and non-food use of crops, such as production of ethanol and other biofuels among other things. demand also includes industrial uses of nitrogen, for example chemical manufacturing and emissions reductants such as diesel exhaust fluid (def). supply is affected by available capacity and operating rates, raw material costs and availability, energy prices, government policies and global trade.
periods of strong demand, high capacity utilization and increasing operating margins tend to stimulate global investment in production capacity. in recent years, fertilizer producers, including cf holdings, have built new production facilities or expanded capacity of existing production assets, or announced plans to do so. the construction of new nitrogen fertilizer manufacturing capacity in the industry, plus improvements to increase output from the existing production assets, increase nitrogen supply availability and affect the balance of supply and demand. in certain years, global nitrogen fertilizer capacity has increased faster than global nitrogen fertilizer demand, creating a surplus of global nitrogen fertilizer capacity, which led to lower nitrogen fertilizer selling prices in 2016 and 2017. for example, in the two-year period ended december 31, 2017, additional production capacity came on line and, at the same time, the average selling price for our products declined 34%, from $314 per ton in 2015 to $207 per ton in 2017.
additional production capacity is expected to come on line over the next 12 months outside of north america. we cannot predict the impact of this additional capacity. also, global or local economic and financial conditions or changes in such conditions, or other factors may cause acceleration of other announced and/or ongoing projects.
price fluctuations for our products result from changes in supply and demand. significant price fluctuations we experience could be symptoms of an oversupplied market in transition as new capacity ramps up, and production slows down or shuts down in high cost regions. similarly, lower energy prices can spur increases in production in high cost regions, which would result in increased supply and pressure on selling prices. additionally, trade flows adjust as imports into different regions of the world also impact the local supply and demand balances. if imports increase into an oversupplied region, lower prices in that region could result.
during periods of industry oversupply, our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows tend to be affected negatively as the price at which we sell our products typically declines, resulting in possible reduced profit margins, write-downs in the value of our inventory and temporary or permanent curtailments of production. in 2016 and 2017, our financial performance, credit ratings and the trading price for our common stock were negatively impacted by the lower selling prices resulting from the global oversupply of nitrogen fertilizer; while in 2018 and 2019, we experienced increases in the average selling price for our products. in 2020, the average selling price for our products decreased 14% to $203 per ton compared to $235 per ton in 2019. the period of time that these oversupply conditions can persist and the degree to which they will impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows are uncertain.
our nitrogen products are global commodities, and we face intense global competition from other producers.
we are subject to intense price competition from our competitors. most fertilizers and related nitrogen products that we produce, such as industrial grade ammonium nitrate and def, are global commodities, with little or no product differentiation, and customers make their purchasing decisions principally on the basis of delivered price and, to a lesser extent, customer service and product quality. as a consequence, conditions in the international market for nitrogen products significantly influence our operating results.
we compete with many producers, including state-owned and government-subsidized entities. some of our competitors have greater total resources and are less dependent on earnings from fertilizer sales, which make them less vulnerable to industry downturns and better positioned to pursue new expansion and development opportunities. furthermore, certain governments, in some cases as owners of some of our competitors, may be willing to accept lower prices and profitability on their products or subsidize production or consumption in order to support domestic employment or other political or social cf industries holdings, inc.
goals. our competitive position could suffer to the extent we are not able to expand our own resources, either through investments in new or existing operations or through acquisitions, joint ventures or partnerships.
china, the world's largest producer and consumer of nitrogen fertilizers, currently has significant capacity surplus and many high-cost plants. as a result, the domestic nitrogen industry in china is operating at less than full capacity. if chinese government policy, devaluation of the chinese renminbi, the relaxation of chinese environmental standards or decreases in chinese producers' underlying costs such as the price of chinese coal encourage increased production capacity utilization, any resulting export volume could adversely affect the balance between global supply and demand and may put downward pressure on global fertilizer prices, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
our competitors in russia continue to benefit from non-market pricing of natural gas, allowing continued exports from the region, and have significant nitrogen fertilizer export capacity. the 2016 revocations of u.s. antidumping measures on solid urea and fertilizer grade ammonium nitrate from russia have allowed for increases in imports from that country into the united states in recent years.
we also face competition from other fertilizer producers in the middle east, europe, latin america and africa, who, depending on market conditions, fluctuating input prices, geographic location and freight economics, may take actions at times with respect to price or selling volumes that adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
in addition, the international market for nitrogen products is influenced by such factors as currency exchange rates, including the relative value of the u.s. dollar and its impact upon the cost of importing of nitrogen products into the united states, foreign agricultural policies, the existence of, or changes in, import or foreign currency exchange barriers in certain foreign markets and the laws and policies of the markets in which we operate, including the imposition of new duties, tariffs or quotas, that affect foreign trade and investment. for example, the imposition of duties, tariffs or quotas in a region can directly impact product pricing in that region, which can lead to changes in global trade flows and impact the global supply and demand balance and pricing. market participants customarily move product between regions of the world, or adjust trade flows, in response to these factors. north america, where we manufacture and sell most of our products, is one of the largest and most liquid nitrogen trading regions in the world. as a result, other manufacturers, traders and other market participants can move nitrogen products to north america when there is uncertainty associated with the supply and demand balance in other regions or when duties, tariffs or quotas impact prices or trade flows in other regions. as a result, duties, tariffs and quotas can lead to uncertainty in the global marketplace and impact the supply and demand balance in many regions, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. on october 9, 2019, the european commission (the commission) imposed definitive anti-dumping duties on imports to the european union of uan manufactured in russia, the republic of trinidad and tobago and the united states. for imports of uan manufactured in the united states, the fixed duty rate is €29.48 per metric ton (or €26.74 per ton). the duties will remain in place for an initial five-year period, after which the measures may be renewed by the commission. the long term impact of this duty on the international market for nitrogen products is uncertain.
a decline in agricultural production or limitations on the use of our products for agricultural purposes could materially adversely affect the demand for our products.
conditions in the united states, europe, india, brazil, china and other global agricultural areas significantly impact our operating results. agricultural planted areas and production can be affected by a number of factors, including weather patterns and field conditions, current and projected grain inventories and prices, crop disease and/or livestock disease, demand for agricultural products and governmental policies regarding production of or trade in agricultural products. these factors are outside of our control.
governmental policies, including farm and biofuel subsidies, commodity support programs and tariffs, as well as the prices of fertilizer products, may also directly or indirectly influence the number of acres planted, the mix of crops planted and the use of fertilizers for particular agricultural applications. ethanol production in the united states contributes significantly to corn demand, representing approximately 35% of total u.s. corn demand, due in part to federal legislation mandating use of renewable fuels. an increase in ethanol production has led to an increase in the amount of corn grown in the united states and to increased fertilizer usage on both corn and other crops that have also benefited from improved farm economics. while the current renewable fuel standard encourages continued high levels of corn-based ethanol production, various interested parties have called to eliminate or reduce the renewable fuel mandate, or to eliminate or reduce corn-based ethanol as part of the renewable fuel mandate. other factors that drive the ethanol market include the prices of ethanol, gasoline and corn. lower gasoline prices and fewer aggregate miles, driven by increased automobile fuel efficiency or the continued expansion of electric cf industries holdings, inc.
vehicles, may put pressure on ethanol prices that could result in reduced profitability and lower production for the ethanol industry. this could have an adverse effect on corn-based ethanol production, planted corn acreage and fertilizer demand.
developments in crop technology, such as nitrogen fixation, the conversion of atmospheric nitrogen into compounds that plants can assimilate, or nitrogen-efficient varieties, or developments in alternatives to traditional animal feed or alternative proteins, could also reduce the use of chemical fertilizers and adversely affect the demand for our products. widespread adoption of emerging application technologies or alternative farming techniques could disrupt traditional application practices, affecting the volume or types of products used and timing of applications. in addition, from time to time various foreign government and u.s. state legislatures have considered limitations on the use and application of chemical fertilizers due to concerns about the impact of these products on the environment. for example, the united kingdom is currently consulting with stakeholders and reviewing proposals to limit emissions from solid urea fertilizers, including a potential ban on urea fertilizers. while cf fertilisers uk limited does not sell solid urea fertilizer in the united kingdom, other jurisdictions may consider limits on fertilizer use, such as the european union, which announced its farm to fork and biodiversity strategies. any reduction in the demand for chemical fertilizer products, including as a result of technological developments and/or limitations on the use and application of chemical fertilizers, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
our business is dependent on natural gas, the prices of which are subject to volatility.
nitrogen from the atmosphere and hydrogen from natural gas, coal and other carbon energy feedstocks, or from the electrolysis of water, are the fundamental building blocks of nitrogen fertilizers. energy feedstock costs comprise a significant portion of the total production cost of nitrogen products and, relative to the industry's marginal producers that set the global price of nitrogen, generally determine profitability for nitrogen producers. our manufacturing processes utilize natural gas as the principal raw material used in our production of nitrogen fertilizers. we use natural gas both as a chemical feedstock and as a fuel to produce ammonia, granular urea, urea ammonium nitrate solution (uan), ammonium nitrate (an) and other nitrogen products.
most of our nitrogen fertilizer manufacturing facilities are located in the united states and canada. as a result, north american natural gas comprises a significant portion of the total production cost of our products. in recent years, the cost of north american natural gas for the production of nitrogen fertilizers has been significantly lower than the energy costs of the industry's marginal nitrogen producers. changes in the supply of and demand for natural gas can lead to extended periods of higher natural gas prices. if high natural gas prices were to persist in north america and significantly erode our favorable energy cost differentials relative to the marginal nitrogen producers, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
the price of natural gas in north america has been volatile in recent years. during 2020, the daily closing price at the henry hub, the most heavily-traded natural gas pricing point in north america, reached a low of $1.34 per mmbtu on september 22, 2020 and three consecutive days in october and a high of $3.08 per mmbtu on october 27, 2020. during the three-year period ended december 31, 2020, the daily closing price at the henry hub reached a low of $1.34 per mmbtu on september 22, 2020 and three consecutive days in october 2020 and a high of $6.88 per mmbtu on january 4, 2018.
we also have manufacturing facilities located in the united kingdom. these facilities are subject to fluctuations associated with the price of natural gas in europe, which has also been volatile in recent years. the major natural gas trading point for the united kingdom is the national balancing point (nbp). during 2020, the daily closing price at nbp reached a low of $1.04 per mmbtu on may 22, 2020 and a high of $7.71 per mmbtu on december 30, 2020. during the three-year period ended december 31, 2020, the daily closing price at nbp reached a low of $1.04 per mmbtu on may 22, 2020 and a high of $31.74 per mmbtu on march 2, 2018.
the price of natural gas in north america and worldwide has been volatile in recent years and has declined on average due in part to the development of significant natural gas reserves, including shale gas, and the rapid improvement in shale gas extraction techniques, such as hydraulic fracturing and horizontal drilling. future production of natural gas from shale formations could be reduced by regulatory changes that restrict drilling or hydraulic fracturing or increase its cost or by reduction in oil exploration and development prompted by lower oil prices resulting in production of less associated gas.
certain of our operating facilities are located near natural gas hubs that have experienced increased natural gas development and have favorable basis differences as compared to other north american hubs. favorable basis differences in certain regions may dissipate over time due to increases in natural gas pipeline or storage capacity in those regions. additionally, basis differentials may become materially unfavorable due to a lack of inbound gas pipeline or storage capacity in other regions during periods of unusually high demand. increased demand for natural gas, particularly in the gulf coast region, due to increased industrial demand and increased natural gas exports, could result in increased natural gas prices. if such reduced production, increased demand or changes in basis were to occur, or if other developments adversely impact the cf industries holdings, inc.
supply and demand balance for natural gas in north america or elsewhere, natural gas prices could rise, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
adverse weather conditions may decrease demand for our fertilizer products, increase the cost of natural gas or materially disrupt our operations.
weather conditions that delay or disrupt field work during the planting, growing, harvesting or application periods may cause agricultural customers to use different forms of nitrogen fertilizer, which may adversely affect demand for the forms that we sell or may impede farmers from applying our fertilizers until the following application period, resulting in lower seasonal demand for our products.
adverse weather conditions during or following harvest may delay or eliminate opportunities to apply fertilizer in the fall. weather can also have an adverse effect on crop yields, which could lower the income of growers and impair their ability to purchase fertilizer from our customers. adverse weather conditions could also impact transportation of fertilizer, which could disrupt our ability to deliver our products to customers on a timely basis. our quarterly financial results can vary significantly from one year to the next due to weather-related shifts in fertilizer applications, planting schedules and purchasing patterns. over the longer-term, changes in weather patterns may shift the periods of demand for products and even the regions to which our products are distributed, which could require us to evolve our distribution system.
in addition, we use the north american waterway system extensively to ship products from some of our manufacturing facilities to our distribution facilities and our customers, and we also export nitrogen fertilizer products via seagoing vessels from deep-water docking facilities at certain of our manufacturing sites. therefore, persistent significant changes in river or ocean water levels (either up or down, such as a result of flooding or drought for example), may require changes to our operating and distribution activities and/or significant capital improvements to our facilities.
weather conditions or, in certain cases, weather forecasts, also can disrupt our operations and can affect the price of natural gas, the principal raw material used to make our nitrogen fertilizer products. colder and/or longer than normal winters and warmer than normal summers increase the demand for natural gas for power generation and for residential and industrial use, which can increase the cost and/or decrease the availability of natural gas. in addition, adverse weather events can not only cause loss of power at our facilities disrupting our operations, but also can impact the supply of natural gas and utilities and cause prices to rise.
our operating results fluctuate due to seasonality. our inability to predict future seasonal fertilizer demand accurately could result in our having excess inventory, potentially at costs in excess of market value.
the fertilizer business is seasonal. the degree of seasonality of our business can change significantly from year to year due to conditions in the agricultural industry and other factors. the strongest demand for our products in north america occurs during the spring planting season, with a second period of strong demand following the fall harvest. in contrast, we and other fertilizer producers generally manufacture and distribute products throughout the year. as a result, we and/or our customers generally build inventories during the low demand periods of the year to ensure timely product availability during the peak sales seasons. seasonality is greatest for ammonia due to the short application seasons and the limited ability of our customers and their customers to store significant quantities of this product. the seasonality of fertilizer demand generally results in our sales volumes and net sales being the highest during the spring and our working capital requirements being the highest just prior to the start of the spring planting season.
if seasonal demand is less than we expect, we may be left with excess inventory that will have to be stored (in which case our results of operations would be negatively affected by any related increased storage costs) or liquidated (in which case the selling price could be below our production, procurement and storage costs). the risks associated with excess inventory and product shortages are exacerbated by the volatility of nitrogen fertilizer prices and the relatively brief periods during which farmers can apply nitrogen fertilizers. if prices for our products rapidly decrease, we may be subject to inventory write-downs, adversely affecting our operating results.
a change in the volume of products that our customers purchase on a forward basis, or the percentage of our sales volume that is sold to our customers on a forward basis, could increase our exposure to fluctuations in our profit margins and materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
we offer our customers the opportunity to purchase products from us on a forward basis at prices and delivery dates we propose. under our forward sales programs, customers generally make an initial cash down payment at the time of order and pay the remaining portion of the contract sales value in advance of the shipment date. forward sales improve our liquidity by reducing our working capital needs due to the cash payments received from customers in advance of shipment of the product cf industries holdings, inc.
and allow us to improve our production scheduling and planning and the utilization of our manufacturing and distribution assets.
any cash payments received in advance from customers in connection with forward sales are reflected on our consolidated balance sheets as a current liability until the related orders are shipped, which can take up to several months.
we believe the ability to purchase products on a forward basis is most appealing to our customers during periods of generally increasing prices for nitrogen fertilizers. our customers may be less willing or even unwilling to purchase products on a forward basis during periods of generally decreasing or stable prices or during periods of relatively high fertilizer prices due to the expectation of lower prices in the future or limited capital resources. in periods of rising fertilizer prices, selling our nitrogen fertilizers on a forward basis may result in lower profit margins than if we had not sold fertilizer on a forward basis. conversely, in periods of declining fertilizer prices, selling our nitrogen fertilizers on a forward basis may result in higher profit margins than if we had not sold fertilizer on a forward basis. in addition, fixing the selling prices of our products, often months in advance of their ultimate delivery to customers, typically causes our reported selling prices and margins to differ from spot market prices and margins available at the time of shipment.
operational risks our operations are dependent upon raw materials provided by third parties, and any delay or interruption in the delivery of raw materials may adversely affect our business.
we use natural gas and other raw materials in the manufacture of nitrogen products. we purchase the natural gas and other raw materials from third party suppliers. our natural gas is transported by pipeline to our facilities by third party transportation providers or through the use of facilities owned by third parties. delays or interruptions in the delivery of natural gas or other raw materials may be caused by, among other things, severe weather or natural disasters, unscheduled downtime, labor difficulties, insolvency of our suppliers or their inability to meet existing contractual arrangements, deliberate sabotage and terrorist incidents, or mechanical failures. in addition, the transport of natural gas by pipeline is subject to additional risks, including delays or interruptions caused by capacity constraints, leaks or ruptures. any delay or interruption in the delivery of natural gas or other raw materials, even for a limited period, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
our transportation and distribution activities rely on third party providers and are subject to environmental, safety and regulatory oversight. this exposes us to risks and uncertainties beyond our control that may adversely affect our operations and exposes us to additional liability.
we rely on natural gas pipelines to transport raw materials to our manufacturing facilities. in addition, we rely on railroad, barge, truck, vessel and pipeline companies to coordinate and deliver finished products to our distribution system and to ship finished products to our customers. we also lease rail cars in order to ship raw materials and finished products. these transportation operations, equipment and services are subject to various hazards, including adverse operating conditions on the inland waterway system, extreme weather conditions, system failures, work stoppages, shutdowns, delays, accidents such as spills and derailments, vessel groundings and other accidents and operating hazards. additionally, due to the aging infrastructure of certain rail lines, bridges, roadways, pipelines, river locks, and equipment that our third party service providers utilize, we may experience delays in both the receipt of raw materials or the shipment of finished product while repairs, maintenance or replacement activities are conducted. also, certain third party service providers, such as railroads, have experienced periodic service delays or shutdowns due to capacity constraints in their systems, operational and maintenance difficulties, blockades, weather or safety-related embargoes and delays, and other events, which could impact the shipping of our products and cause disruption in our supply chain.
these transportation operations, equipment and services are also subject to environmental, safety, and regulatory oversight. due to concerns related to accidents, discharges or other releases of hazardous substances, terrorism or the potential use of fertilizers as explosives, governmental entities could implement new or more stringent regulatory requirements affecting the transportation of raw materials or finished products.
if shipping of our products is delayed or we are unable to obtain raw materials as a result of these transportation companies' failure to operate properly, or if new and more stringent regulatory requirements were implemented affecting transportation operations or equipment, or if there were significant increases in the cost of these services or equipment, our revenues and cost of operations could be adversely affected. in addition, increases in our transportation costs, or changes in such costs relative to transportation costs incurred by our competitors, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
cf industries holdings, inc.
in the united states and canada, the railroad industry continues various efforts to limit the railroads' potential liability stemming from the transportation of toxic inhalation hazard materials, such as the anhydrous ammonia we transport to and from our manufacturing and distribution facilities. for example, various railroads shift liability to shippers by contract, purport to shift liability to shippers by tariff, or otherwise seek to require shippers to indemnify and defend the railroads from and against liabilities (including in negligence, strict liability, or statutory liability) that may arise from certain acts or omissions of the railroads, third parties who may have insufficient resources, or the company, unknown causes or acts of god. these initiatives could materially and adversely affect our operating expenses and potentially our ability to transport anhydrous ammonia and increase our liability for releases of our anhydrous ammonia while in the care, custody and control of the railroads, third parties or us, for which our insurance may be insufficient or unavailable. new or more stringent regulatory requirements also could be implemented affecting the equipment used to ship our raw materials or finished products. restrictions on service, increases in transportation costs, or changes in such costs relative to transportation costs incurred by our competitors, and any railroad industry initiatives that may impact our ability to transport our products, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
we are subject to risks relating to our information technology systems, and any technology disruption or cybersecurity incident could negatively affect our operations.
we rely on internal and third-party information technology and computer control systems in many aspects of our business, including internal and external communications, the management of our accounting, financial and supply chain functions and plant operations. if we do not allocate and effectively manage the resources necessary to build and sustain the proper technology infrastructure, we could be subject to transaction errors, processing inefficiencies, the loss of customers, business disruptions, or the loss of or damage to our confidential business information due to a security breach. in addition, our information technology systems may be damaged, disrupted or shut down due to attacks by computer hackers, computer viruses, employee error or malfeasance, power outages, hardware failures, telecommunication or utility failures, catastrophes or other unforeseen events, and in any such circumstances our system redundancy and other disaster recovery planning may be ineffective or inadequate. security breaches of our systems (or the systems of our customers, suppliers or other business partners) could result in the misappropriation, destruction or unauthorized disclosure of confidential information or personal data belonging to us or to our employees, business partners, customers or suppliers, and may subject us to legal liability.
as with most large systems, our information technology systems have in the past been, and in the future likely will be, subject to computer viruses, malicious codes, unauthorized access and other cyber attacks, and we expect the sophistication and frequency of such attacks to continue to increase. to date, we are not aware of any significant impact on our operations or financial results from such attempts; however, unauthorized access could disrupt our business operations, result in the loss of assets, and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. any of the attacks, breaches or other disruptions or damage described above could: interrupt our operations at one or more sites; delay production and shipments; result in the theft of our and our customers' intellectual property and trade secrets; damage customer and business partner relationships and our reputation; result in legal claims and proceedings, liability and penalties under privacy or other laws, or increased costs for security and remediation; or raise concerns regarding our accounting for transactions. each of these consequences could adversely affect our business, reputation and our financial statements.
our business involves the use, storage, and transmission of information about our employees, customers, and suppliers. the protection of such information, as well as our proprietary information, is critical to us. the regulatory environment surrounding information security and privacy is increasingly demanding, with the frequent imposition of new and constantly changing requirements. we have established policies and procedures to help protect the security and privacy of this information. breaches of our security measures or the accidental loss, inadvertent disclosure, or unapproved dissemination of proprietary information or sensitive or confidential data about us or our employees, customers or suppliers, including the potential loss or disclosure of such information or data as a result of fraud, trickery, or other forms of deception, could expose us or our employees, customers, suppliers or other individuals affected to a risk of loss or misuse of this information, which could ultimately result in litigation and potential legal and financial liability. these events could also damage our reputation or otherwise harm our business.
we are reliant on a limited number of key facilities.
our nitrogen fertilizer operations are located at nine separate nitrogen complexes, the largest of which is the donaldsonville complex, which represented approximately 40% of our ammonia production capacity as of december 31, 2020. the suspension of operations at any of these complexes could adversely affect our ability to produce our products and fulfill our commitments, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. operational disruptions could occur for many reasons, including natural disasters, weather, unplanned maintenance and other manufacturing problems, disease, strikes or other labor unrest or transportation interruptions. for example, our cf industries holdings, inc.
donaldsonville complex is located in an area of the united states that experiences a relatively high level of hurricane or high wind activity and several of our complexes are located in areas that experience severe weather. such storms, depending on their severity and location, have the potential not only to damage our facilities and disrupt our operations, but also to affect adversely the shipping and distribution of our products. moreover, our facilities may be subject to failure of equipment that may be difficult to replace or have long delivery lead times, due in part to a limited number of suppliers, and could result in operational disruptions.
acts of terrorism and regulations to combat terrorism could negatively affect our business.
like other companies with major industrial facilities, we may be targets of terrorist activities. many of our plants and facilities store significant quantities of ammonia and other materials that can be dangerous if mishandled. any damage to infrastructure facilities, such as electric generation, transmission and distribution facilities, or injury to employees, who could be direct targets or indirect casualties of an act of terrorism, may affect our operations. any disruption of our ability to produce or distribute our products could result in a significant decrease in revenues and significant additional costs to replace, repair or insure our assets, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
due to concerns related to terrorism or the potential use of certain fertilizers as explosives, we are subject to various security laws and regulations. in the united states, these security laws include the maritime transportation security act of 2002 and the chemical facilities anti-terrorism standards regulation. in addition, president obama issued in 2013 executive order 13650 improving chemical facility safety and security to improve chemical facility safety in coordination with owners and operators. governmental entities could implement new or impose more stringent regulations affecting the security of our plants, terminals and warehouses or the transportation and use of fertilizers. these regulations could result in higher operating costs or limitations on the sale of our products and could result in significant unanticipated costs, lower revenues and reduced profit margins. we manufacture and sell certain nitrogen products that can be used as explosives. it is possible that governmental entities in the united states or elsewhere could impose additional limitations on the use, sale or distribution of nitrogen products, thereby limiting our ability to manufacture or sell those products, or that illicit use of our products could result in liability for us.
we are subject to risks associated with international operations.
our international business operations are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including difficulties and costs associated with complying with a wide variety of complex laws, treaties and regulations; unexpected changes in regulatory environments; currency fluctuations; tax rates that may exceed those in the united states; earnings that may be subject to withholding requirements; and the imposition of tariffs, exchange controls or other restrictions.
changes in governmental trade policies can lead to the imposition of new taxes, levies, duties, tariffs or quotas affecting agricultural commodities, fertilizer or industrial products. these can alter costs, trade flows, access to supplies or demand, and regional balances for our products.
our principal reporting currency is the u.s. dollar and our business operations and investments outside the united states increase our risk related to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. the main currencies to which we are exposed, besides the u.s. dollar, are the canadian dollar, the british pound and the euro. these exposures may change over time as business practices evolve and economic conditions change. we may selectively reduce some foreign currency exchange rate risk by, among other things, requiring contracted purchases of our products to be settled in, or indexed to, the u.s. dollar or a currency freely convertible into u.s. dollars, or hedging through foreign currency derivatives. these efforts, however, may not be effective and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
we are subject to anti-corruption laws and regulations and economic sanctions programs in various jurisdictions, including the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act of 1977, the united kingdom bribery act of 2010, the canadian corruption of foreign public officials act, and economic sanctions programs administered by the united nations, the european union and the office of foreign assets control of the u.s. department of the treasury, and regulations set forth under the comprehensive iran accountability divestment act. as a result of doing business internationally, we are exposed to a risk of violating anti-corruption laws and sanctions regulations applicable in those countries where we, our partners or agents operate. violations of anti-corruption and sanctions laws and regulations are punishable by civil penalties, including fines, denial of export privileges, injunctions, asset seizures, debarment from government contracts (and termination of existing contracts) and revocations or restrictions of licenses, as well as criminal fines and imprisonment. the violation of applicable laws by our employees, consultants, agents or partners could subject us to penalties and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
cf industries holdings, inc.
we are subject to antitrust and competition laws in various countries throughout the world. we cannot predict how these laws or their interpretation, administration and enforcement will change over time. changes in antitrust laws globally, or in their interpretation, administration or enforcement, may limit our existing or future operations and growth.
financial risks our operations and the production and handling of our products involve significant risks and hazards. we are not fully insured against all potential hazards and risks incident to our business. therefore, our insurance coverage may not adequately cover our losses.
our operations are subject to hazards inherent in the manufacture, transportation, storage and distribution of chemical products, including ammonia, which is highly toxic and corrosive. these hazards include: explosions; fires; severe weather and natural disasters; train derailments, collisions, vessel groundings and other transportation and maritime incidents; leaks and ruptures involving storage tanks, pipelines and rail cars; spills, discharges and releases of toxic or hazardous substances or gases; deliberate sabotage and terrorist incidents; mechanical failures; unscheduled plant downtime; labor difficulties and other risks. some of these hazards can cause bodily injury and loss of life, severe damage to or destruction of property and equipment and environmental damage, and may result in suspension of operations for an extended period of time and/or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties and liabilities.
we maintain property, business interruption, casualty and liability insurance policies, but we are not fully insured against all potential hazards and risks incident to our business. if we were to incur significant liability for which we were not fully insured, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. we are subject to various self-insured retentions, deductibles and limits under these insurance policies. the policies also contain exclusions and conditions that could have a material adverse impact on our ability to receive indemnification thereunder. our policies are generally renewed annually. as a result of market conditions, our premiums, self-insured retentions and deductibles for certain insurance policies can increase substantially and, in some instances, certain insurance may become unavailable or available only for reduced amounts of coverage. in addition, significantly increased costs could lead us to decide to reduce, or possibly eliminate, coverage. there can be no assurance that we will be able to buy and maintain insurance with adequate limits and reasonable pricing terms and conditions.
in april 2013, there was a fire and explosion at the west fertilizer co. fertilizer storage and distribution facility in west, texas. according to published reports, 15 people were killed and approximately 200 people were injured in the incident, and the fire and explosion damaged or destroyed a number of homes and buildings around the facility. various subsidiaries of cf industries holdings, inc. (the cf entities) were named as defendants along with other companies in lawsuits filed in 2013, 2014 and 2015 in the district court of mclennan county, texas by the city of west, individual residents of the county and other parties seeking recovery for damages allegedly sustained as a result of the explosion. the cases were consolidated for discovery and pretrial proceedings in the district court of mclennan county under the caption "in re: west explosion cases." the two-year statute of limitations expired on april 17, 2015. as of that date, over 400 plaintiffs had filed claims, including at least 9 entities, 325 individuals, and 80 insurance companies. plaintiffs allege various theories of negligence, strict liability, and breach of warranty under texas law. although we do not own or operate the facility or directly sell our products to west fertilizer co., products that the cf entities manufactured and sold to others were delivered to the facility and may have been stored at the west facility at the time of the incident. the court granted in part and denied in part the cf entities' motions for summary judgment in august 2015. over three hundred cases have been resolved pursuant to confidential settlements that have been or we expect will be fully funded by insurance. the remaining cases are in various stages of discovery and pre-trial proceedings. the next group of cases is expected to be set for trial after the court resumes scheduling civil jury trials currently on hold because of the outbreak of coronavirus disease 2019 (covid-19) pandemic. we believe we have strong legal and factual defenses and intend to continue defending the cf entities vigorously in the pending lawsuits. the increased focus on the risks associated with fertilizers as a result of the incident could impact the regulatory environment and requirements applicable to fertilizer manufacturing and storage facilities.
cf industries holdings, inc.
our substantial indebtedness could adversely affect our cash flow, prevent us from fulfilling our obligations and impair our ability to pursue or achieve other business objectives.
as of december 31, 2020, we had approximately $4.0 billion of total funded indebtedness, consisting primarily of secured and unsecured senior notes with varying maturity dates between 2021 and 2044, or approximately 40% of our total capitalization, and an additional $750 million of senior secured borrowing availability (reflecting no outstanding borrowings and no outstanding letters of credit) for general corporate purposes under our senior secured revolving credit agreement (as amended, the revolving credit agreement). our substantial debt service obligations will have an impact on our earnings and cash flow for so long as the indebtedness is outstanding.
our substantial indebtedness could, as a result of our debt service obligations or through the operation of the financial and other restrictive covenants to which we are subject under the agreements and instruments governing that indebtedness and otherwise, have important consequences. for example, it could:
•make it more difficult for us to pay or refinance our debts as they become due during adverse economic and industry conditions because any related decrease in revenues could cause us not to have sufficient cash flows from operations to make our scheduled debt payments;
•cause us to be less able to take advantage of significant business opportunities, such as acquisition opportunities, and to react to changes in market or industry conditions;
•cause us to use a portion of our cash flow from operations for debt service, reducing the availability of cash to fund working capital and capital expenditures, and other business activities;
•cause us to be more vulnerable to general adverse economic and industry conditions;
•expose us to the risk of increased interest rates because certain of our borrowings, including borrowings under our revolving credit agreement, could be at variable rates of interest;
•make us more leveraged than some of our competitors, which could place us at a competitive disadvantage;
•restrict our ability to dispose of assets or otherwise restrict our use of funds from the disposal of assets;
•restrict our ability to pay dividends on our common stock or utilize excess cash to repurchase shares of our common stock;
•limit our ability to borrow additional monies in the future to fund working capital, capital expenditures and other general corporate purposes; and
•result in a downgrade in the credit rating of our indebtedness which could increase the cost of further borrowings.
we expect to consider options to refinance our outstanding indebtedness from time to time. our ability to obtain any financing, whether through the issuance of new debt securities or otherwise, and the terms of any such financing are dependent on, among other things, our financial condition, financial market conditions within our industry and generally, credit ratings and numerous other factors, including factors beyond our control. consequently, in the event that we need to access the credit markets, including to refinance our debt, there can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain financing on acceptable terms or within an acceptable timeframe, if at all. an inability to obtain financing with acceptable terms when needed could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
the terms of our existing indebtedness allow us to incur significant additional debt in the future. if we incur additional indebtedness, the risks that we face as a result of our leverage could intensify. if our financial condition or operating results deteriorate, our relations with our creditors, including the holders of our outstanding debt securities, the lenders under our revolving credit agreement and our suppliers, may be materially and adversely affected.
a failure to satisfy the financial maintenance covenants under our revolving credit agreement or a breach of the covenants under any of the agreements governing our indebtedness could limit the borrowing availability under our revolving credit agreement or result in an event of default under such agreements.
our ability to comply with the covenants in the agreements and instruments governing our indebtedness, including the consolidated interest coverage ratio and consolidated net leverage ratio maintenance covenants contained in our revolving credit agreement, will depend upon our future performance and various other factors, such as market prices for our nitrogen products, natural gas prices and other business, competitive and regulatory factors, many of which are beyond our control. we may not be able to maintain compliance with all of these covenants. in that event, we may not be able to access the borrowing availability under our revolving credit agreement and we would need to seek an amendment to our debt agreements or would need to refinance our indebtedness. there can be no assurance that we can obtain future amendments or waivers of our debt agreements and instruments, or refinance our debt, and, even if we were able to do so, such relief might only last for a limited period, potentially necessitating additional amendments, waivers or refinancings. any noncompliance by us with the covenants under our debt agreements and instruments could result in an event of default under those debt agreements and instruments. an event of default under an agreement or instrument governing any of our indebtedness may allow our creditors to accelerate the cf industries holdings, inc.
related debt and may result in the acceleration of any other debt to which a cross-acceleration or cross-default provision applies. if our lenders or holders of our debt securities accelerate the repayment of borrowings, we may be forced to liquidate certain assets to repay all or part of our indebtedness, which could materially and adversely impair our business operations. an event of default under our revolving credit agreement would permit the lenders thereunder to terminate all commitments to extend further credit under our revolving credit agreement. furthermore, our revolving credit agreement and senior secured notes provide for liens on specified collateral to secure our obligations thereunder, and if we were unable to repay amounts due and payable under our revolving credit agreement or the senior secured notes, our revolving credit agreement lenders or holders of the senior secured notes, as applicable, could proceed against the collateral granted to them, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. in the event our creditors accelerate the repayment of our indebtedness, we cannot assure that we would have sufficient assets to make such repayment.
potential future downgrades of our credit ratings could adversely affect our access to capital, cause vendors to change their credit terms for doing business with us, and could otherwise have a material adverse effect on us.
as of february 16, 2021, our corporate credit rating by s&p global ratings is bb+ with a stable outlook; our corporate credit rating by moody's investor services, inc. is ba1 with a stable outlook; and our corporate credit rating with fitch ratings, inc. is bb+ with a stable outlook.
these ratings and our current credit condition affect, among other things, our ability to access new capital, especially debt, as well as the payment terms that vendors are willing to provide us. negative changes in these ratings may result in more stringent covenants and higher interest rates under the terms of any new debt, and could cause vendors to shorten our payment terms, require us to pay in advance for materials or services, or provide letters of credit, security, or other credit enhancements in order to do business with us.
tax matters, including changes in tax laws or rates, adverse determinations by taxing authorities and imposition of new taxes could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
we are subject to taxes in (i) the united states, where most of our operations are located, and (ii) numerous foreign jurisdictions where our subsidiaries are organized or conduct business. tax rates in the various jurisdictions in which we operate may be subject to significant change. our future effective tax rate could also be affected by changes in our mix of earnings from countries with differing statutory tax rates and tax systems, changes in valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities or changes in tax laws or their interpretation.
we are also subject to regular reviews, examinations and audits by the internal revenue service (irs) and other taxing authorities in jurisdictions where we conduct business. although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, if a taxing authority disagrees with the positions we have taken, we could face additional tax liabilities, including interest and penalties. there can be no assurance that payment of such additional amounts upon final adjudication of any disputes will not have a material impact on our results of operations and financial condition.
we have used the cash we generate outside the united states primarily to fund development of our business in non-u.s. jurisdictions. if the funds generated by our u.s. business are not sufficient to meet our need for cash in the united states, we may need to repatriate a portion of our future international earnings to the united states. under the tax laws of the foreign countries in which we operate, those international earnings could be subject to withholding taxes when repatriated; therefore, the repatriation of those earnings could result in an increase in our worldwide effective tax rate and an increase in our use of cash to pay these taxes.
we also need to comply with other new, evolving or revised tax laws and regulations. the enactment of, or increases in, tariffs or value added taxes, or other changes in the application of existing taxes, in markets in which we are currently active, or may be active in the future, or on specific products that we sell or with which our products compete, could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
the united states and other countries in which we operate are in the process of implementing the organization for economic co-operation and development's (oecd) base erosion and profit shifting project (beps). beps is intended to improve tax disclosure and transparency and eliminate structures and activities that could be perceived by a particular country as resulting in tax avoidance. the oecd is currently developing a framework in order to assist member countries in adopting beps related legislation. each country is permitted to introduce its own legislation to implement beps legislation. as a number of our business operations do business across country lines, we are subject to beps. the implementation of beps could result in tax changes and may adversely affect our provision for income taxes, results of operations and cash flows. in some cases, beps legislation could result in double taxation in a portion of our profits without an appropriate mechanism to recover the incremental tax amount in another jurisdiction.
cf industries holdings, inc.
our business is subject to risks involving derivatives and the risk that our hedging activities might not prevent losses.
we may utilize natural gas derivatives to hedge our financial exposure to the price volatility of natural gas, the principal raw material used in the production of nitrogen-based products. we have used natural gas futures, swaps and option contracts traded in over-the-counter markets or on exchanges. we have also used fixed-price, physical purchase and sales contracts to hedge our exposure to natural gas price volatility. in order to manage our exposure to changes in foreign currency exchange rates, we may from time to time use foreign currency derivatives (primarily forward exchange contracts).
our use of derivatives can result in volatility in reported earnings due to the unrealized mark-to-market adjustments that occur from changes in the value of the derivatives that do not qualify for, or to which we do not apply, hedge accounting. to the extent that our derivative positions lose value, we may be required to post collateral with our counterparties, adversely affecting our liquidity.
hedging arrangements are imperfect and unhedged risks will always exist. in addition, our hedging activities may themselves give rise to various risks that could adversely affect us. for example, we are exposed to counterparty credit risk when our derivatives are in a net asset position. the counterparties to our derivatives are multi-national commercial banks, major financial institutions or large energy companies.
our liquidity could be negatively impacted by a counterparty default on settlement of one or more of our derivative financial instruments or by the triggering of any cross default provisions or credit support requirements against us. additionally, the international swaps and derivative association master netting arrangements for most of our derivative instruments contain credit-risk-related contingent features, such as cross default provisions and credit support requirements. in the event of certain defaults or a credit ratings downgrade, our counterparty may request early termination and net settlement of certain derivative trades or may require us to collateralize derivatives in a net liability position.
at other times we may not utilize derivatives or derivative strategies to hedge certain risks or to reduce the financial exposure of price volatility. as a result, we may not prevent certain material adverse impacts that could have been mitigated through the use of derivative strategies.
environmental and regulatory risks we are subject to numerous environmental, health and safety laws, regulations and permitting requirements, as well as potential environmental liabilities, which may require us to make substantial expenditures.
we are subject to numerous environmental, health and safety laws and regulations in the united states, canada, the united kingdom, the european union, the republic of trinidad and tobago and other locations, including laws and regulations relating to the generation and handling of hazardous substances and wastes; the cleanup of hazardous substance releases; the discharge of regulated substances to air or water; and the demolition of existing plant sites upon permanent closure. in the united states, these laws include the clean air act, the clean water act, the resource conservation and recovery act, the comprehensive environmental response, compensation and liability act (cercla), the toxic substances control act and various other federal, state, provincial, local and international laws.
as a producer of nitrogen fertilizer products working with hazardous substances, our business faces risks of spills, discharges or other releases of those substances into the environment. certain environmental laws, including cercla, impose joint and several liability, without regard to fault, for cleanup costs on persons who have disposed of or released hazardous substances into the environment. given the nature of our business, we have incurred, are incurring currently, and are likely to incur periodically in the future, liabilities under cercla and other environmental cleanup laws at our current facilities or facilities previously owned by us or other acquired businesses, adjacent or nearby third-party facilities or offsite disposal locations. the costs associated with future cleanup activities that we may be required to conduct or finance may be material. additionally, we may become liable to third parties for damages, including personal injury and property damage, resulting from the disposal or release of hazardous substances into the environment.
violations of environmental, health and safety laws can result in substantial penalties, court orders to install pollution-control equipment, civil and criminal sanctions, permit revocations and facility shutdowns. environmental, health and safety laws change regularly and have tended to become more stringent over time. as a result, we have not always been and may not always be in compliance with all environmental, health and safety laws and regulations. we may be subject to more stringent enforcement of existing or new environmental, health and safety laws in the future. additionally, future environmental, health and safety laws and regulations or reinterpretation of current laws and regulations may require us to make substantial expenditures. our costs to comply with, or any liabilities under, these laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
cf industries holdings, inc.
from time to time, our production, distribution or storage of anhydrous ammonia has resulted in accidental releases that have temporarily disrupted our operations and/or resulted in liability for administrative penalties and/or claims for personal injury. to date, our costs to resolve these liabilities have not been material. however, we could incur significant costs if our liability coverage is not sufficient to pay for all or a large part of any judgments against us, or if our insurance carrier refuses coverage for these losses.
we hold numerous environmental and other governmental permits and approvals authorizing operations at each of our facilities. expansion or modification of our operations is predicated upon securing necessary environmental or other permits or approvals. a decision by a government agency to deny or delay issuing a new or renewed regulatory material permit or approval, or to revoke or substantially modify an existing permit or approval, or a determination that we have violated a law or permit as a result of a governmental inspection of our facilities could have a material adverse effect on our ability to continue operations at our facilities and on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
future regulatory or legislative restrictions on greenhouse gas (ghg) emissions in the jurisdictions in which we operate could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
we are subject to ghg regulations in the united kingdom, canada and the united states. in the united states, our existing facilities currently are only subject to ghg emissions reporting obligations, although new facilities that we build, or existing facilities that we modify in the future, could be subject to ghg emissions standards included in their air permits. our facilities in the united kingdom have been subject to the european union emissions trading system (eu ets), which generally required us to hold or obtain emissions allowances to offset ghg emissions from those aspects of our operations that are subject to regulation under this program. notwithstanding the exit of the united kingdom from the european union (brexit) on january 31, 2020, facilities in the united kingdom remained subject to the eu ets through the end of 2020. beginning on january 1, 2021, our u.k. manufacturing plants became subject to the uk emissions trading scheme (uk ets). at least initially, the uk ets is expected to be similar to the eu ets, although the uk government has stated that it intends to establish an emissions cap that is lower than what it would have been had the united kingdom remained subject to the eu ets. no agreement has been reached as to whether the uk ets will establish a linkage with the eu ets or other national emission trading systems. our medicine hat nitrogen complex, in alberta, canada, and our courtright nitrogen complex, in ontario, canada, are subject to provincial or federal laws that impose a price on excess ghg emissions. each of these laws establishes carbon dioxide equivalent (co2e) emissions standards applicable to our facilities in terms of emissions per unit of production, with the provincial laws and the federal law using different formulas for establishing these intensity limits and changes in these limits over time. if co2e emissions exceed the applicable limits, the excess emissions must be offset, either through obtaining qualifying emission credits or offsets or by making a payment for each ton of excess emissions. the canadian federal government has announced that it intends to increase the price of excess emissions of co2e from cad $40 per ton in 2021 and cad $50 per ton in 2022, by cad $15 per ton each year beginning in 2023, with the price of excess co2e emissions reaching cad $170 per ton by 2030.
on december 12, 2015, 195 countries adopted by consensus a new international agreement known as the paris agreement. the paris agreement was accepted by the united states and ratified by canada and the united kingdom and went into effect in november 2016. the paris agreement is intended to provide a framework pursuant to which the parties to the agreement will attempt to hold the increase in global average temperatures to below 2°c above pre-industrial levels and to pursue efforts to limit the temperature increase to 1.5oc above pre-industrial levels. each signatory is required to develop its own national plan to attain this objective. increasing concern over the impacts of climate change is driving the signatories to establish ever more ambitious ghg reduction targets. in december 2020, the united kingdom announced a target to reduce ghg emission 68% from 1990 levels by 2030. the eu has announced a new target to reduce its ghg emission 55% below 1990 levels by 2030. on november 4, 2019, the united states submitted formal notice of its withdrawal from the paris agreement, which became effective on november 4, 2020, but on january 20, 2021, president biden announced that the united states has rejoined the paris agreement. this will require the united states to submit its own national plan for reducing ghg emissions. executive orders issued by the biden administration, including in particular an executive order issued on january 27, 2021 focusing on climate change, evidence the administration's intent to undertake numerous initiatives in an effort to reduce ghg emissions, including promoting renewable energy development, limiting or prohibiting new oil and gas leases on federal lands, and in general, making climate change considerations a critical component of federal policy.
more stringent ghg regulations, if they are enacted, are likely to have a significant impact on us, because our production facilities emit ghgs such as carbon dioxide and nitrous oxide and because natural gas, a fossil fuel, is a primary raw material used in our nitrogen production process. regulation of ghgs may require us to make changes in our operating activities that would increase our operating costs, reduce our efficiency, limit our output, require us to make capital improvements to our facilities, increase our costs for or limit the availability of energy, raw materials or transportation, or otherwise materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. in addition, to the extent that ghg cf industries holdings, inc.
restrictions are not imposed in countries where our competitors operate or are less stringent than regulations that may be imposed in the united states, canada or the united kingdom, our competitors may have cost or other competitive advantages over us.
strategic risks the market for green and low-carbon ammonia may be slow to develop, may not develop to the size expected or may not develop at all. moreover, we may not be successful in the development and implementation of our green and low-carbon ammonia projects in a timely or economic manner, or at all, due to a number of factors, many of which are beyond our control.
the market for green and low-carbon ammonia is developing and evolving, may not develop to the size or at the rate we expect, and is dependent in part on the developing market for green and low-carbon hydrogen. these markets are heavily influenced by federal, state and local government laws, regulations and policies concerning carbon emissions and clean energy in the united states and abroad.
we believe the demand for green and low-carbon ammonia will take several years to fully develop and mature and we cannot be certain that this market or the market for green and low-carbon hydrogen will grow to the size or at the rate we expect. hydrogen currently only accounts for less than 1% of the world's energy needs.
the recognition and acceptance of green and low-carbon ammonia as a transport and storage mechanism for green and low-carbon hydrogen, the use of green and low-carbon ammonia as a fuel in its own right and the development and growth of end market demand and applications for green and low-carbon hydrogen and green and low-carbon ammonia are uncertain and dependent on a number of factors outside of our control. these factors include, among others, the extent to which and rate at which cost competitive global renewable energy capacity increases, the pricing of alternative sources of energy, the realization of technological improvements required to increase the efficiency and lower the costs of production of green and low-carbon ammonia, the regulatory environment, the rate and extent of infrastructure investment and developments, the availability of tax benefits and other incentives and our ability to provide green and low-carbon ammonia offerings cost-effectively. if a sustainable market fails to develop or develops more slowly than we anticipate, we may decide not to implement, or may not be successful in implementing, one or more elements of our multi-year strategic plan and commitment to a clean fuel economy.
our clean energy strategy also depends on the realization of certain technical improvements required to increase the efficiency and lower the costs of production of green and low-carbon ammonia. over time, as we seek to convert additional existing production facilities and further expand our green ammonia and low-carbon ammonia production capacity, we may face operational difficulties and execution risks related to the design, development and construction. if our assumptions about the engineering and process characteristics necessary to successfully build the facility capacity that we are contemplating and to scale up to larger production quantities prove to be incorrect, we may be unable to produce substantial quantities of green or low-carbon ammonia, and the cost to construct or convert such green and low-carbon ammonia facilities, or the production costs associated with the operation of such facilities, may be higher than we project.
we may not be successful in the expansion of our business.
we routinely consider possible expansions of our business, both within the united states and elsewhere. major investments in our business, including as a result of acquisitions, partnerships, joint ventures, business combination transactions or other major investments, such as our green and low-carbon ammonia projects, require significant managerial resources, the diversion of which from our other activities or opportunities may impair the existing operations of our business. we may be unable to identify or successfully compete for certain acquisition targets, which may hinder or prevent us from acquiring a target or completing other transactions. the risks of any expansion of our business through investments, acquisitions, partnerships, joint ventures or business combination transactions are increased due to the significant capital and other resources that we may have to commit to any such expansion, which may not be recoverable if the expansion initiative to which they were devoted is ultimately not implemented. in addition, these efforts may require capital resources that could otherwise be used for the improvement and expansion of our existing business. as a result of these and other factors, including general economic risk, we may not be able to realize our projected returns from any future acquisitions, partnerships, joint ventures, business combination transactions or other major investments. among the risks associated with the pursuit and consummation of acquisitions, partnerships, joint ventures or other major investments or business combinations are those involving:
•difficulties in integrating the parties' operations, systems, technologies, products and personnel;
•incurrence of significant transaction-related expenses;
•potential integration or restructuring costs;
cf industries holdings, inc.
•potential impairment charges related to the goodwill, intangible assets or other assets to which any such transaction relates, in the event that the economic benefits of such transaction prove to be less than anticipated;
•other unanticipated costs associated with such transactions;
•our ability to achieve operating and financial efficiencies, synergies and cost savings;
•our ability to obtain the desired financial or strategic benefits from any such transaction;
•the parties' ability to retain key business relationships, including relationships with employees, customers, partners and suppliers;
•potential loss of key personnel;
•entry into markets or involvement with products with which we have limited current or prior experience or in which competitors may have stronger positions;
•assumption of contingent liabilities, including litigation;
•exposure to unanticipated liabilities;
•differences in the parties' internal control environments, which may require significant time and resources to resolve in conformity with applicable legal and accounting standards;
•increased scope, geographic diversity and complexity of our operations;
•the tax effects of any such transaction; and
•the potential for costly and time-consuming litigation, including stockholder lawsuits.
in addition, major capital projects may be dependent on the availability and performance of engineering firms, construction firms, equipment suppliers, transportation providers and other vendors necessary to design and implement those projects on a timely basis and on acceptable terms. major investments such as capital improvements at our facilities are subject to a number of risks, any of which could prevent us from completing capital projects in a timely or economic manner or at all, including, without limitation, cost overruns, non-performance of third parties, the inability to obtain necessary permits or other permitting matters, adverse weather, defects in materials and workmanship, labor and raw material shortages, transportation constraints, engineering and construction change orders, errors in design, construction or start-up, and other unforeseen difficulties.
international acquisitions, partnerships, joint ventures, investments or business combinations and other international expansions of our business involve additional risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to:
•the impact of particular economic, tax, currency, political, legal and regulatory risks associated with specific countries;
•challenges caused by distance and by language and cultural differences;
•difficulties and costs of complying with a wide variety of complex laws, treaties and regulations;
•unexpected changes in regulatory environments;
•political and economic instability, including the possibility for civil unrest;
•nationalization of properties by foreign governments;
•tax rates that may exceed those in the united states, and earnings that may be subject to withholding requirements;
•the imposition of tariffs, exchange controls or other restrictions; and
•the impact of currency exchange rate fluctuations.
if we finance acquisitions, partnerships, joint ventures, business combination transactions or other major investments by issuing equity or convertible or other debt securities or loans, our existing stockholders may be diluted or we could face constraints under the terms of, and as a result of the repayment and debt-service obligations under, the additional indebtedness. a business combination transaction between us and another company could result in our stockholders receiving cash or shares of another entity on terms that such stockholders may not consider desirable. moreover, the regulatory approvals associated with a business combination may result in divestitures or other changes to our business, the effects of which are difficult to predict.
we are subject to risk associated with our strategic venture with chs inc. (chs).
we may not realize the full benefits from our strategic venture with chs that are expected. the realization of the expected benefits of the chs strategic venture depends on our ability to operate and manage the strategic venture successfully, and on the market prices of the nitrogen fertilizer products that are the subject of our supply agreement with chs over the life of the agreement, among other factors. additionally, any challenges related to the chs strategic venture could harm our relationships with chs or our other customers.
cf industries holdings, inc.
covid-19 pandemic risk our business and operations may be adversely affected by the covid-19 pandemic.
the outbreak and pandemic of the coronavirus disease 2019 (covid-19) could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. the rapid spread of covid-19 has resulted in governmental authorities implementing numerous measures to try to contain the virus, such as travel bans and restrictions, quarantines, shelter in place orders and shutdowns. even though our business operations are designated as part of the critical infrastructure by the united states, united kingdom and canadian governments and the governments of the states and provinces in which we operate, these measures have impacted and may further impact all or portions of our workforce and operations. if significant portions of our workforce are unable to work effectively, including because of illness, quarantines, government actions, facility closures or other restrictions, we may be unable to meet customer demand or perform fully under our contracts.
in addition, our customers, suppliers and third party service providers, including transportation providers, have been, or may be in the future, affected by covid-19, including by the impact of measures taken by federal and local governments to slow the spread of the virus. any negative impacts on our customers, suppliers and third party service providers could negatively impact our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. for example, global demand for nitrogen for industrial use has been negatively affected by the pandemic, and we expect this to continue as long as economic activity remains low due to the impacts of the pandemic. restrictions on or disruptions of transportation, port closures or increased border controls or closures, or other impacts on domestic and global supply chains or distribution channels, could increase our costs, limit our ability to meet customer demand or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
the covid-19 pandemic has reduced and may further reduce the demand for energy, including crude oil, as well as natural gas and coal, which are nitrogen feedstocks. reduced demand for nitrogen feedstocks has reduced and could further reduce the cost of nitrogen production outside of north america, increasing global nitrogen supply and reducing the market prices of our products. lower demand for crude oil could also reduce the supply and therefore increase the cost of natural gas, which is the principal raw material used in our production of nitrogen fertilizers. in addition, lower crude oil prices, and a reduced demand for gasoline resulting from actions to slow the spread of covid-19, have reduced ethanol production and therefore negatively impacted the demand for corn, which is a significant factor driving customer demand for our nitrogen fertilizers. the pandemic has also disrupted traditional food supply chains, which may have a material impact on livestock and food demand, including the demand for corn. each of these consequences could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
while the covid-19 pandemic did not have a material adverse effect on our reported results for the year ended december 31, 2020, we are unable to predict the ultimate impact it may have on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. the extent to which our operations may be impacted by covid-19 will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be accurately predicted, including the further spread of the virus, the duration of the covid-19 outbreak and the type and duration of actions that may be taken by various governmental authorities in response to the outbreak. the pandemic significantly increased global market uncertainty and caused an economic slowdown, which resulted in a global recession. persistent weakness in economic activity caused by a deterioration of global market and economic conditions could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
cf industries holdings, inc.
forward looking statements from time to time, in this annual report on form 10-k as well as in other written reports and oral statements, we make forward-looking statements that are not statements of historical fact and may involve a number of risks and uncertainties. these statements relate to analyses and other information that are based on forecasts of future results and estimates of amounts not yet determinable. these statements may also relate to our prospects, future developments and business strategies. we have used the words "anticipate," "believe," "could," "estimate," "expect," "intend," "may," "plan," "predict," "project," "will" or "would" and similar terms and phrases, including references to assumptions, to identify forward-looking statements in this document. these forward-looking statements are made based on currently available competitive, financial and economic data, our current expectations, estimates, forecasts and projections about the industries and markets in which we operate and management's beliefs and assumptions concerning future events affecting us. these statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks, uncertainties and factors relating to our operations and business environment, all of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond our control. therefore, our actual results may differ materially from what is expressed in or implied by any forward-looking statements. we want to caution you not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. we do not undertake any responsibility to release publicly any revisions to these forward-looking statements to take into account events or circumstances that occur after the date of this document. additionally, we do not undertake any responsibility to provide updates regarding the occurrence of any unanticipated events which may cause actual results to differ from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in this document.
important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations are disclosed under "risk factors" and elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k. such factors include, among others:
•the cyclical nature of our business and the impact of global supply and demand on our selling prices;
•the global commodity nature of our nitrogen products, the conditions in the international market for nitrogen products, and the intense global competition from other producers;
•conditions in the united states, europe and other agricultural areas;
•the volatility of natural gas prices in north america and europe;
•weather conditions;
•the seasonality of the fertilizer business;
•the impact of changing market conditions on our forward sales programs;
•difficulties in securing the supply and delivery of raw materials, increases in their costs or delays or interruptions in their delivery;
•reliance on third party providers of transportation services and equipment;
•risks associated with cyber security;
•our reliance on a limited number of key facilities;
•acts of terrorism and regulations to combat terrorism;
•risks associated with international operations;
•the significant risks and hazards involved in producing and handling our products against which we may not be fully insured;
•our ability to manage our indebtedness and any additional indebtedness that may be incurred;
•our ability to maintain compliance with covenants under our revolving credit agreement and the agreements governing our indebtedness;
•downgrades of our credit ratings;
•risks associated with changes in tax laws and disagreements with taxing authorities;
•risks involving derivatives and the effectiveness of our risk measurement and hedging activities;
•potential liabilities and expenditures related to environmental, health and safety laws and regulations and permitting requirements;
•regulatory restrictions and requirements related to greenhouse gas emissions;
•the development and growth of the market for green and low-carbon ammonia and the risks and uncertainties relating to the development and implementation of our green and low-carbon ammonia projects;
•risks associated with expansions of our business, including unanticipated adverse consequences and the significant resources that could be required;
•risks associated with the operation or management of the chs strategic venture, risks and uncertainties relating to the market prices of the fertilizer products that are the subject of our supply agreement with chs over the life of the supply agreement, and the risk that any challenges related to the chs strategic venture will harm our other business relationships; and
•the impact of the novel coronavirus disease 2019 (covid-19) pandemic, including measures taken by governmental authorities to slow the spread of the virus, on our business and operations.
cf industries holdings, inc.
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
you should read the following discussion and analysis in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes included in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data. all references to "cf holdings," "we," "us," "our" and "the company" refer to cf industries holdings, inc. and its subsidiaries, except where the context makes clear that the reference is only to cf industries holdings, inc. itself and not its subsidiaries. all references to "cf industries" refer to cf industries, inc., a 100% owned subsidiary of cf industries holdings, inc. references to tons refer to short tons. notes referenced in this discussion and analysis refer to the notes to consolidated financial statements that are found in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data-notes to consolidated financial statements. for a discussion and analysis of the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to december 31, 2018, you should read item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in our 2019 annual report on form 10-k filed with the securities and exchange commission (sec) on february 24, 2020. the following is an outline of the discussion and analysis included herein:
•overview of cf holdings
•our company
•our commitment to a clean energy economy
•industry factors
•market conditions and current developments
•financial executive summary
•items affecting comparability of results
•consolidated results of operations
•operating results by business segment
•liquidity and capital resources
•critical accounting estimates
•recent accounting pronouncements
•subsequent event overview of cf holdings our company we are a leading global manufacturer of hydrogen and nitrogen products for clean energy, fertilizer, emissions abatement, and other industrial applications. we operate nitrogen manufacturing complexes in the united states, canada and the united kingdom, which are among the most cost-advantaged, efficient and flexible in the world, and an extensive storage, transportation and distribution network in north america. our 3,000 employees focus on safe and reliable operations, environmental stewardship and disciplined capital and corporate management, driving our strategy to leverage our unique capabilities to accelerate the world's transition to clean energy. our principal customers are cooperatives, independent fertilizer distributors, traders, wholesalers and industrial users. our core product is anhydrous ammonia (ammonia), which contains 82% nitrogen and 18% hydrogen. our nitrogen products that are upgraded from ammonia are granular urea, urea ammonium nitrate solution (uan) and ammonium nitrate (an). our other nitrogen products include diesel exhaust fluid (def), urea liquor, nitric acid and aqua ammonia, which are sold primarily to our industrial customers, and compound fertilizer products (npks), which are solid granular fertilizer products for which the nutrient content is a combination of nitrogen, phosphorus and potassium.
our principal assets as of december 31, 2020 include:
•five u.s. nitrogen manufacturing facilities, located in donaldsonville, louisiana (the largest nitrogen complex in the world); port neal, iowa; yazoo city, mississippi; verdigris, oklahoma; and woodward, oklahoma. these facilities are wholly owned directly or indirectly by cf industries nitrogen, llc (cfn), of which we own approximately 89% and chs inc. (chs) owns the remainder. see note 17-noncontrolling interests for additional information on our strategic venture with chs;
•two canadian nitrogen manufacturing facilities, located in medicine hat, alberta (the largest nitrogen complex in canada) and courtright, ontario;
•two united kingdom nitrogen manufacturing facilities, located in billingham and ince;
cf industries holdings, inc.
•an extensive system of terminals and associated transportation equipment located primarily in the midwestern united states; and
•a 50% interest in point lisas nitrogen limited (plnl), an ammonia production joint venture located in the republic of trinidad and tobago that we account for under the equity method.
our commitment to a clean energy economy in october 2020, we announced that we are taking significant steps to support a global hydrogen and clean fuel economy, through the production of green and low-carbon ammonia. since ammonia is one of the most efficient ways to transport and store hydrogen and is also a fuel in its own right, we believe that the company, as the world's largest producer of ammonia, with an unparalleled manufacturing and distribution network and deep technical expertise, is uniquely positioned to fulfill anticipated demand for hydrogen and ammonia from green and low-carbon sources. our strategy is to leverage our unique capabilities to accelerate the world's transition to clean energy. our approach will focus on green ammonia production, which refers to ammonia produced through a carbon-free process, and low-carbon ammonia, which relates to ammonia produced by conventional processes but with co2 removed through carbon capture and sequestration (ccs) and other certified carbon abatement projects. we have announced an initial green ammonia project at our flagship donaldsonville nitrogen complex to produce approximately 20,000 tons per year of green ammonia. additionally, we are developing ccs and other carbon abatement projects across our production facilities that will enable us to produce low-carbon ammonia.
industry factors we operate in a highly competitive, global industry. our operating results are influenced by a broad range of factors, including those outlined below.
global supply and demand factors our products are globally traded commodities and are subject to price competition. the customers for our products make their purchasing decisions principally on the basis of delivered price and, to a lesser extent, on customer service and product quality. the selling prices of our products fluctuate in response to global market conditions, changes in supply and demand and cost factors.
historically, global fertilizer demand has been driven primarily by population growth, gross domestic product growth, changes in dietary habits, planted acreage, and application rates, among other things. we expect these key variables to continue to have major impacts on long-term fertilizer demand for the foreseeable future. short-term fertilizer demand growth may depend on global economic conditions, farm sector income, weather patterns, the level of global grain stocks relative to consumption, fertilizer application rates, and governmental regulations, including fertilizer subsidies or requirements mandating increased use of bio-fuels or industrial nitrogen products. other geopolitical factors like temporary disruptions in fertilizer trade related to government intervention or changes in the buying/selling patterns of key exporting/consuming countries such as china, india, russia and brazil, among others, often play a major role in shaping near-term market fundamentals. the economics of nitrogen-based fertilizer manufacturing play a key role in decisions to increase or reduce production capacity. supply of fertilizers is generally driven by available capacity and operating rates, raw material costs and availability, government policies and global trade. raw materials are dependent on energy sources such as natural gas or coal; therefore, supply costs are affected by the supply of and demand for these commodities.
global trade in fertilizer in addition to the relationship between global supply and demand, profitability within a particular geographic region is determined by the supply/demand balance within that region. regional supply and demand can be influenced significantly by factors affecting trade within regions. some of these factors include the relative cost to produce and deliver product, relative currency values, the availability of credit and governmental trade policies, including the imposition of duties, tariffs or quotas, that affect foreign trade or investment. the development of additional natural gas reserves in north america over the last decade has decreased natural gas costs relative to the rest of the world, making north american nitrogen fertilizer producers more competitive. changes in currency values may also alter our cost competitiveness relative to producers in other regions of the world.
imports account for a significant portion of the nitrogen fertilizer consumed in north america. producers of nitrogen-based fertilizers located in the middle east, the republic of trinidad and tobago, north africa and russia have been major exporters to north america in recent years. as a result, the north american nitrogen fertilizer market is dependent on imports to balance supply and demand.
cf industries holdings, inc.
farmers' economics the demand for fertilizer is affected by the aggregate crop planting decisions and fertilizer application rate decisions of individual farmers. individual farmers make planting decisions based largely on prospective profitability of a harvest, while the specific varieties and amounts of fertilizer they apply depend on factors like their current liquidity, soil conditions, weather patterns, crop prices, fertilizer products used and timing of applications, expected yields and the types of crops planted.
market conditions and current developments covid-19 pandemic in march 2020, the world health organization characterized the outbreak of coronavirus disease 2019 (covid-19) as a pandemic. since that time, efforts to slow the spread of covid-19 have intensified. a number of countries, as well as certain states and cities within the united states, have continued to enact temporary closures of businesses, to issue shelter in place or quarantine orders, and to take other restrictive measures in response to the pandemic.
due to the use of fertilizer products in crop production to support the global food supply chain, our business operations were designated as part of the critical infrastructure by the united states and as essential businesses in the united kingdom and canada, with corresponding designations for those states and provinces in which we operate that issued restrictive orders. as a result, our manufacturing complexes continued to operate during 2020 and have continued to operate through the date of this report. our production of ammonia, the basic building block for our products, was 10.4 million tons in 2020 compared to 10.2 million tons in 2019. through the date of this filing, we have continued to ship products by all modes of transportation to our customers, and we have not experienced any significant delays in marine, rail or truck transportation services due to the pandemic.
in 2020, we did not experience a meaningful impact in customer demand as a result of the covid-19 pandemic. our total volume of products shipped in 2020 of 20.3 million tons was 4% higher compared to 19.5 million tons in 2019.
in response to the pandemic, we instituted safety precautions early in 2020 to protect the health and well-being of all of our employees, including the manufacturing workforce who operate our nitrogen complexes and distribution facilities. these safety measures included installing thermal temperature checks at each of our sites for all personnel, including contractors, who arrive at our sites, adjusting schedules to support social distancing, including changes to loading and shipping procedures, maintaining a close contact log for employees, self-quarantine logs, requiring face coverings on site, restricting visitor access, and implementing enhanced cleaning protocols and travel restrictions for employees. we also paid approximately $19 million of bonuses to our operational workforce under a special covid-19 bonus program, which concluded in june 2020. in addition, since mid-march 2020, the majority of our non-operational personnel at our sites who work in administrative and operational support functions have worked remotely in order to maintain social distancing following governmental guidelines. these administrative and operational support functions have operated effectively during this period, meeting our commitments to our customers and continuing to manage our business without interruption. we have not furloughed any employees or instituted any reductions in pay or benefits or other significant cost containment measures due to the pandemic.
we participate in a global market, which includes a global supply chain and customer base. the long-term effects of the covid-19 pandemic are unclear and could adversely affect our business in the future. we have operated our business in a remote working environment and could continue to do so for an extended duration, if necessary. however, if the pandemic were to impact a large portion of our workforce in any one location, we might need to idle that facility temporarily or transfer other employees from other network sites, which could have an impact on our business operations, profitability and cash flow. the impact of the covid-19 pandemic is fluid and continues to evolve. as a result, we cannot predict the extent to which our business, results of operations, financial condition or liquidity may be impacted by the pandemic in the future.
sales volume there was strong demand for fertilizer in 2020 as we shipped 20.3 million tons of product compared to 19.5 million tons in 2019, which increased net sales by $199 million. the increase in total sales volume was due primarily to the impact of increased supply resulting from both higher inventory levels entering 2020 and higher production in 2020. our sales volumes in 2020 were higher across all of our major products compared to 2019.
cf industries holdings, inc.
our shipments can shift between quarters due primarily to shifts in weather patterns that impact fertilizer applications. during the fourth quarter of 2020, granular urea sales volume was higher as domestic demand strengthened amid increasing crop prices and overall farm economics improved. additionally, ammonia sales volume in the fourth quarter of 2020 exceeded the fourth quarter of 2019 as a result of increased demand due to an early fall harvest and ideal weather conditions throughout the midwestern united states.
sales volume for our products in 2020, 2019 and 2018 is shown in the table below.
2020                                                                          2019                                                                 2018
sales volume (tons)                     net sales                    sales volume (tons)                     net sales                    sales volume (tons)                     net sales
(tons in thousands; dollars in millions)
ammonia                        3,767                           $1,020                               3,516                           $1,113                               3,135                           $1,028
granular urea                  5,148                            1,248                               4,849                            1,342                               4,898                            1,322
uan                            6,843                            1,063                               6,807                            1,270                               7,042                            1,234
an                             2,216                              455                               2,109                              506                               2,002                              460
other                          2,322                              338                               2,257                              359                               2,252                              385
total                         20,296                           $4,124                              19,538                           $4,590                              19,329                           $4,429
we expect sales volumes for our products to return to a range of 19-19.5 million product tons in 2021 due to lower year-end inventory than the year before and lower expected production due to a higher number of planned turnarounds than in 2020.
selling prices the selling prices for all of our major products were lower in 2020 than 2019 as global energy prices remained low, driving higher global nitrogen operating rates and the resulting additional global supply availability. the average selling price for our products for 2020 and 2019 was $203 per ton and $235 per ton, respectively. the decrease in average selling prices of 14% in 2020 from 2019 decreased net sales by $665 million.
natural gas prices natural gas is the principal raw material used to produce our nitrogen products. we use natural gas both as a chemical feedstock and as a fuel to produce nitrogen products. natural gas is a significant cost component of manufactured nitrogen products, representing approximately one-third of our production costs.
most of our nitrogen fertilizer manufacturing facilities are located in the united states and canada. as a result, the price of natural gas in north america directly impacts a substantial portion of our operating expenses. due to increases in natural gas production resulting from the rise in production from shale gas formations, natural gas prices in north america have declined over the last decade, but are subject to volatility. natural gas prices during 2020 were lower on average than 2019, due in part to reduced energy demand as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, partially offset by reductions in supply. the daily market price at the henry hub, the most heavily-traded natural gas pricing point in north america, fluctuated throughout 2020. the average daily market price at the henry hub was $1.99 per mmbtu for 2020 compared to $2.51 per mmbtu for 2019, a decrease of 21%. the price of natural gas decreased in the first half of 2020 and increased in the second half of 2020 with the average daily market price rising at the henry hub to $2.47 per mmbtu in the fourth quarter of 2020.
we also have manufacturing facilities located in the united kingdom. these facilities are subject to fluctuations associated with the price of natural gas in europe. the major natural gas trading point for the united kingdom is the national balancing point (nbp). the price of natural gas in the united kingdom during 2020 was lower on average compared to 2019 as a result of increased availability of liquefied natural gas in the global market as well as the global economic downturn related to the covid-19 pandemic. the average daily market price at nbp was $3.20 per mmbtu for 2020 compared to $4.44 per mmbtu for 2019, a decrease of 28%. the daily market price at nbp also fluctuated throughout 2020 as the price decreased in the first half of 2020 and increased in the second half of 2020 with the average daily market price rising at the nbp to $5.29 per mmbtu in the fourth quarter of 2020.
natural gas costs in cost of sales, including the impact of realized natural gas derivatives, was $2.24 per mmbtu in 2020, an 18% decrease from $2.74 per mmbtu in 2019, which resulted in an increase in gross margin of approximately $195 million.
cf industries holdings, inc.
financial executive summary we reported net earnings attributable to common stockholders of $317 million in 2020 compared to $493 million in 2019, a decline in net earnings of 36%, or $176 million. the decrease in net earnings was due primarily to lower selling prices as lower global energy costs drove higher global operating rates, leading to increased global nitrogen supply availability. the impact of lower selling prices was partially offset by lower realized natural gas costs and higher sales volume, leading to a net decline in gross margin of $373 million in 2020. gross margin declined from $1,174 million in 2019 to $801 million in 2020. the following describes the significant factors that impacted gross margin:
•average selling prices declined 14% in 2020 to $203 per ton, which decreased gross margin by $665 million,
•realized natural gas costs declined by 18% in 2020 to $2.24 per mmbtu, which increased gross margin by $195 million,
•sales volume increased 4% to 20.3 million product tons, the highest annual sales volume for the company. the increase in sales volume increased gross margin by $61 million.
additionally, net earnings were impacted by lower selling, general and administrative costs, which declined by $33 million due primarily to the impact of lower corporate project activity and travel during the covid-19 pandemic, and a decline in our annual tax provision of $95 million, driven by lower pre-tax earnings as well as certain favorable discrete tax items, including the impact of the terra amended tax returns. see discussion under "items affecting comparability-terra amended tax returns," below, for further information.
diluted net earnings per share attributable to common stockholders decreased $0.76 per share, to $1.47 per share in 2020 compared to $2.23 per share in 2019. this decrease is due primarily to lower net earnings, partially offset by a 3% reduction in diluted weighted-average common shares outstanding due to repurchases made under our share repurchase program. on february 13, 2019, our board of directors (the board) authorized the repurchase of up to $1 billion of cf holdings common stock through december 31, 2021 (the 2019 share repurchase program). in 2019, we repurchased approximately 7.6 million shares under the 2019 share repurchase program for $337 million. in 2020, we repurchased approximately 2.6 million shares under the 2019 share repurchase program for $100 million. no shares were repurchased under the 2019 share repurchase program in the second, third or fourth quarter of 2020. see discussion under "liquidity and capital resources-share repurchase programs," below, for further information.
cf industries holdings, inc.
items affecting comparability of results in addition to the impact of market conditions discussed above, certain items impacted our financial results during the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019. the following table and related discussion outline these items and how they impacted the comparability of our financial results during these periods. positive amounts in the table below are costs or expenses incurred, while negative amounts are income recognized in the periods presented. during the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019, we reported net earnings attributable to common stockholders of $317 million and $493 million, respectively.
2020                                                                                                                                                          2019
pre-tax         after-tax(1)                 pre-tax         after-tax(1)
(in millions)
unrealized net mark-to-market (gain) loss on natural gas derivatives(2)                $(6)               $(5)                       $14                $10
covid impacts:
special covid-19 bonus for operational workforce(2)                                      19                 15                         -                  -
turnaround deferral(2)                                                                    7                  6                         -                  -
loss (gain) on foreign currency transactions, including intercompany loans(3)             5                  4                       (1)                (1)
engineering cost write-off(3)                                                             9                  7                         -                  -
loss on sale of surplus land(3)                                                           2                  1                         -                  -
insurance proceeds(3)                                                                  (37)               (28)                      (37)               (28)
gain on sale of pine bend facility(3)                                                     -                  -                      (45)               (34)
losses on debt extinguishment                                                             -                  -                        21                 16
louisiana incentive tax credit(4)                                                         -                  -                         -               (30)
terra amended tax returns-interest income and income tax benefit(5)                    (26)               (44)                       (5)               (14)
plnl withholding tax charge(6)                                                            -                  -                        16                 16
______________________________________________________________________________
(1)    the tax impact is calculated utilizing a marginal effective rate of 23.2% in 2020 and 23.3% in 2019.
(2)    included in cost of sales in our consolidated statements of operations.
(3)    included in other operating-net in our consolidated statements of operations.
(4)    included in income tax provision in our consolidated statements of operations.
(5)    included in interest expense, interest income and income tax provision in our consolidated statements of operations.
(6)    included in equity in earnings (loss) of operating affiliate in our consolidated statements of operations.
the following describes the significant items that impacted the comparability of our financial results in 2020 and 2019. descriptions of items below that refer to amounts in the table above, refer to the pre-tax amounts, except for the discussion under income taxes.
unrealized net mark-to-market (gain) loss on natural gas derivatives natural gas is the largest and most volatile single component of the manufacturing cost for nitrogen-based products. at certain times, we have managed the risk of changes in natural gas prices through the use of derivative financial instruments. the derivatives that we may use for this purpose are primarily natural gas fixed price swaps, basis swaps and options. we use natural gas derivatives as an economic hedge of natural gas price risk, but without the application of hedge accounting. this can result in volatility in reported earnings due to the unrealized mark-to-market adjustments that occur from changes in the value of the derivatives, which is reflected in cost of sales in our consolidated statements of operations. in 2020 and 2019, we recognized an unrealized net mark-to-market (gain) loss on natural gas derivatives of $(6) million and $14 million, respectively.
covid impacts in march 2020, a short-term bonus program was initiated to compensate operational employees for continuing their critical tasks at the beginning of the covid-19 pandemic. the bonus program concluded in june 2020. approximately $19 million was paid as part of the program and was recognized in cost of sales in our consolidated statement of operations for the year ended december 31, 2020.
in addition, certain plant turnaround activities were deferred because of the covid-19 pandemic. as a result, we incurred $7 million of expense for the year ended december 31, 2020, which was recognized in cost of sales in our consolidated statement of operations.
cf industries holdings, inc.
loss (gain) on foreign currency transactions, including intercompany loans in 2020 and 2019, we recognized a loss (gain) of $5 million and $(1) million, respectively, which consists of foreign currency exchange rate impacts on foreign currency denominated transactions, including the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates on intercompany loans that were not permanently invested.
engineering cost write-off in june 2020, a project at one of our nitrogen complexes was cancelled and, as a result, $9 million of previously capitalized engineering costs were expensed in the year ended december 31, 2020. the expense is reflected in other operating-net in our consolidated statement of operations.
loss on sale of surplus land in 2020, we recognized a loss of $2 million on the sale of surplus land, which is reflected in other operating-net in our consolidated statement of operations.
insurance proceeds we recognized income of $37 million in both 2020 and 2019 related to insurance claims at one of our nitrogen complexes. the $37 million of income in 2020 consists of $35 million related to business interruption insurance proceeds and $2 million related to property insurance proceeds. the $37 million of income in 2019 consisted of $22 million related to business interruption insurance proceeds and $15 million related to property insurance proceeds. these proceeds are reflected in other operating-net in our consolidated statements of operations.
gain on sale of pine bend facility during the first quarter of 2019, we entered into an agreement to sell our pine bend dry bulk storage and logistics facility in minnesota. in april of 2019, we completed the sale, received proceeds of $55 million and recognized a pre-tax gain of $45 million. the gain is reflected in other operating-net in our consolidated statement of operations.
losses on debt extinguishment on november 13, 2019, we redeemed in full all of the $500 million outstanding principal amount of the 7.125% senior notes due may 2020 (the 2020 notes), in accordance with the optional redemption provisions provided in the indenture governing the 2020 notes. on december 13, 2019, we redeemed $250 million principal amount, representing 50% of the $500 million outstanding principal amount immediately prior to such redemption, of the 3.400% senior secured notes due december 2021 (the 2021 notes), in accordance with the optional redemption provisions provided in the indenture governing the 2021 notes. as a result of the early redemption of the 2020 notes and the 2021 notes, we recognized a loss on debt extinguishment of $21 million, of which $12 million related to the 2020 notes and $9 million related to the 2021 notes.
louisiana incentive tax credit for 2019, our income tax provision included an incentive tax credit from the state of louisiana of $30 million, net of federal income tax, related to certain capital projects at our donaldsonville, louisiana complex.
terra amended tax returns we completed the acquisition of terra industries inc. (terra) in april 2010. after the acquisition, we determined that the manner in which terra reported the repatriation of cash from foreign affiliates to its u.s. parent for u.s. and foreign income tax purposes was not appropriate. as a result, in 2012 we amended certain tax returns, including terra's income and withholding tax returns, back to 1999 (the amended tax returns) and paid additional income and withholding taxes, and related interest and penalties. in early 2013, the internal revenue service (irs) commenced an examination of the u.s. tax aspects of the amended tax returns. in 2017, we also made a voluntary disclosure filing with the canadian revenue agency (cra) with respect to the canadian tax aspects of this matter and paid additional canadian taxes due.
in early 2019, the irs completed its examination of the amended tax returns and submitted its audit reports and related refund claims to the joint committee on taxation of the u.s. congress (the joint committee). for purposes of its review, the joint committee separated the irs audit reports into two separate matters: (i) an income tax related matter and (ii) a withholding tax matter. in late 2019, we received notification that the joint committee had approved the irs audit reports and related income tax refunds relating to the income tax related matter. as a result of the approval by the joint committee, we recognized in the fourth quarter of 2019 interest income of $5 million ($4 million after tax) and a reduction in income tax cf industries holdings, inc.
expense of $10 million related to the favorable settlement of certain uncertain tax positions. no income tax refunds were received in 2019 related to the amended tax returns.
in 2020, we received notification that the joint committee approved the irs audit report and related withholding tax refunds relating to the withholding tax matter and we received irs notices indicating the amount of tax and interest to be refunded and received with respect to the withholding tax matter and the income tax matter. in addition, the cra settled with us the voluntary disclosure matter.
in 2020, as a result of these events, we recognized $26 million of interest-related income and $18 million of income tax benefit, which consisted of the following:
•additional income of $26 million ($23 million, net of tax) representing $16 million of interest income related to the u.s. federal income tax matter and withholding tax matter and a $10 million reversal of previously accrued interest related to the canadian tax aspects of this matter,
•a reduction in our liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits of $12 million with a corresponding reduction in income tax expense related to the u.s. federal withholding tax matter, and
•additional income tax benefit of $9 million related to the u.s. federal income tax matter and related state amended returns.
in 2020, we received u.s. federal income tax refunds, including interest, of $110 million relating to the amended tax returns, consisting of $68 million related to the income tax matter and $42 million related to the withholding tax matter, which finalized these matters with the irs. as a result of the finalization of the income tax matter and the withholding tax matter, all u.s. federal tax years commencing before january 1, 2012 are now closed.
in the first quarter of 2021, we received approximately $20 million of withholding tax refunds, including interest, from the cra, related to the voluntary disclosure filing. these amounts were previously recorded in our consolidated balance sheet as of december 31, 2020.
plnl withholding tax charge the trinidadian tax authority (the board of inland revenue) issued a proposed tax assessment against plnl, our joint venture in the republic of trinidad and tobago, with respect to tax years 2011 and 2012 in the amount of approximately $12 million. the proposed assessment asserted that plnl should have withheld tax at a higher rate on dividends paid to its trinidadian owners. the board of inland revenue also would have assessed statutory interest and penalties on the amount of tax owed when a final assessment was issued for the tax years 2011 and 2012.
during the third quarter of 2019, the trinidadian government offered a tax amnesty period that provided taxpayers the opportunity to pay any prior year tax obligations and avoid accumulated interest or penalties. during the tax amnesty period, plnl evaluated the proposed assessment, including considering the outcome of certain recent legal cases involving other taxpayers. as a result of this evaluation, in the third quarter of 2019, plnl paid withholding tax to the board of inland revenue under the amnesty program for tax years back to 2011, and recognized a charge for $32 million. our 50% share of plnl's tax charge is $16 million, which reduced our equity in earnings of operating affiliate for 2019.
cf industries holdings, inc.
consolidated results of operations the following table presents our consolidated results of operations and supplemental data:
year ended december 31,
2020                                                                                                               2019                      2018(1)                                       2020 v. 2019                                       2019 v. 2018
(in millions, except as noted)
net sales                                                                        $4,124                      $4,590                      $4,429                    $(466)                      (10)   %                 $161                         4   %
cost of sales (cos)                                                               3,323                       3,416                       3,512                      (93)                       (3)   %                 (96)                       (3)   %
gross margin                                                                        801                       1,174                         917                     (373)                      (32)   %                  257                        28   %
gross margin percentage                                                            19.4   %                    25.6   %                    20.7    %                (6.2)   %                                            4.9   %
selling, general and administrative expenses                                        206                         239                         214                      (33)                      (14)   %                   25                        12   %
other operating-net                                                                (17)                        (73)                        (27)                        56                        77   %                 (46)                     (170)   %
total other operating costs and expenses                                            189                         166                         187                        23                        14   %                 (21)                      (11)   %
equity in earnings (loss) of operating affiliate                                     11                         (5)                          36                        16                           n/m                 (41)                           n/m operating earnings                                                                  623                       1,003                         766                     (380)                      (38)   %                  237                        31   %
interest expense-net                                                                161                         217                         228                      (56)                      (26)   %                 (11)                       (5)   %
loss on debt extinguishment                                                           -                          21                           -                      (21)                     (100)   %                   21                           n/m other non-operating-net                                                             (1)                         (7)                         (9)                         6                        86   %                    2                        22   %
earnings before income taxes                                                        463                         772                         547                     (309)                      (40)   %                  225                        41   %
income tax provision                                                                 31                         126                         119                      (95)                      (75)   %                    7                         6   %
net earnings                                                                        432                         646                         428                     (214)                      (33)   %                  218                        51   %
less: net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests                         115                         153                         138                      (38)                      (25)   %                   15                        11   %
net earnings attributable to common stockholders                                   $317                        $493                        $290                    $(176)                      (36)   %                 $203                        70   %
diluted net earnings per share attributable to common stockholders                $1.47                       $2.23                       $1.24                   $(0.76)                      (34)   %                $0.99                        80   %
diluted weighted-average common shares outstanding                                215.2                       221.6                       233.8                     (6.4)                       (3)   %               (12.2)                       (5)   %
dividends declared per common share                                               $1.20                       $1.20                       $1.20                        $-                         -   %                   $-                         -   %
natural gas supplemental data (per mmbtu)
natural gas costs in cos(2)                                                       $2.21                       $2.75                       $3.15                   $(0.54)                      (20)   %              $(0.40)                      (13)   %
realized derivatives loss (gain) in cos(3)                                         0.03                      (0.01)                        0.01                      0.04                           n/m               (0.02)                           n/m cost of natural gas in cos                                                        $2.24                       $2.74                       $3.16                   $(0.50)                      (18)   %              $(0.42)                      (13)   %
average daily market price of natural gas henry hub (louisiana)                   $1.99                       $2.51                       $3.12                   $(0.52)                      (21)   %              $(0.61)                      (20)   %
average daily market price of natural gas national balancing point (uk)           $3.20                       $4.44                       $8.07                   $(1.24)                      (28)   %              $(3.63)                      (45)   %
unrealized net mark-to-market (gain) loss on natural gas derivatives               $(6)                         $14                       $(13)                     $(20)                           n/m                  $27                           n/m depreciation and amortization                                                      $892                        $875                        $888                       $17                         2   %                $(13)                       (1)   %
capital expenditures                                                               $309                        $404                        $422                     $(95)                      (24)   %                $(18)                       (4)   %
sales volume by product tons (000s)                                              20,296                      19,538                      19,329                       758                         4   %                  209                         1   %
production volume by product tons (000s):
ammonia(4)                                                                       10,353                      10,246                       9,805                       107                         1   %                  441                         4   %
granular urea                                                                     5,001                       4,941                       4,837                        60                         1   %                  104                         2   %
uan (32%)                                                                         6,677                       6,768                       6,903                      (91)                       (1)   %                (135)                       (2)   %
an                                                                                2,115                       2,128                       1,731                      (13)                       (1)   %                  397                        23   %
______________________________________________________________________________
n/m-not meaningful
(1)for a discussion and analysis of the year ended december 31, 2018, see item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in our 2019 annual report on form 10-k filed with the sec on february 24, 2020.
(2)includes the cost of natural gas and related transportation that is included in cost of sales during the period under the first-in, first-out inventory cost method.
(3)includes realized gains and losses on natural gas derivatives settled during the period. excludes unrealized mark-to-market gains and losses on natural gas derivatives.
(4)gross ammonia production, including amounts subsequently upgraded on-site into granular urea, uan, or an.
cf industries holdings, inc.
the following is a discussion and analysis of our consolidated results of operations for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the year ended december 31, 2019. for a discussion and analysis of our consolidated results of operations for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to the year ended december 31, 2018, see item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in our 2019 annual report on form 10-k filed with the sec on february 24, 2020.
net sales our net sales are derived primarily from the sale of nitrogen products and are determined by the quantities of nitrogen products we sell and the selling prices we realize. the volumes, mix and selling prices we realize are determined to a great extent by a combination of global and regional supply and demand factors. net sales also include shipping and handling costs that are billed to our customers. sales incentives are reported as a reduction in net sales.
our total net sales decreased $466 million, or 10%, to $4.12 billion in 2020 compared to $4.59 billion in 2019 due to a 14% decrease in average selling prices, which decreased net sales by $665 million, partially offset by a 4% increase in sales volume, which increased net sales by $199 million.
average selling prices were $203 per ton in 2020 compared to $235 per ton in 2019, a decrease of 14%, due primarily to lower average selling prices across all products, primarily driven by increased global nitrogen supply availability as lower global energy costs drove higher global operating rates. the increase in total sales volume of 4% was due to higher sales volume across all our products as greater supply availability resulting from both higher inventory levels entering 2020 and higher production in 2020.
cost of sales our cost of sales includes manufacturing costs, purchased product costs, and distribution costs. manufacturing costs, the most significant element of cost of sales, consist primarily of raw materials, realized and unrealized gains and losses on natural gas derivatives, maintenance, direct labor, depreciation and other plant overhead expenses. purchased product costs primarily include the cost to purchase nitrogen fertilizers to augment or replace production at our facilities. distribution costs consist of the cost of freight required to transport finished products from our plants to our distribution facilities, which are recognized in cost of sales when the product is sold to our customers, and storage costs incurred prior to final shipment to customers.
our cost of sales decreased $93 million, or 3%, to $3.32 billion in 2020 as compared to $3.42 billion in 2019. the decrease in our cost of sales was due primarily to the impact of lower realized natural gas costs, including the impact of realized derivatives, and lower costs related to plant maintenance activity. we recognized an unrealized net mark-to-market gain on natural gas derivatives of $6 million in 2020 compared to an unrealized net mark-to-market loss of $14 million in 2019. these factors were partially offset by an increase in cost of sales due to higher sales volumes, higher distribution costs, and costs related to the special covid-19 bonus. the special covid-19 bonus is more fully described in the section above titled "items affecting comparability of results-covid impacts." the cost of sales per ton averaged $164 in 2020, a 6% decrease from $175 per ton in 2019. realized natural gas costs, including the impact of realized derivatives, decreased 18% to $2.24 per mmbtu in 2020 from $2.74 per mmbtu in 2019.
selling, general and administrative expenses our selling, general and administrative expenses consist primarily of corporate office expenses such as salaries and other payroll-related costs for our executive, administrative, legal, financial, it, and sales functions, as well as certain taxes and insurance and other professional service fees, including those for corporate initiatives.
selling, general and administrative expenses decreased $33 million, or 14%, to $206 million in 2020 from $239 million in 2019. the decrease was due primarily to lower corporate project activity and travel as a result of the covid-19 pandemic.
other operating-net other operating-net includes administrative costs that do not relate directly to our central operations. costs included in "other operating costs" can include foreign exchange gains and losses, unrealized gains and losses on foreign currency derivatives, costs associated with our closed facilities, amounts recorded for environmental remediation for other areas of our business, litigation expenses and gains and losses on the disposal of fixed assets.
other operating-net was $17 million of income in 2020 compared to $73 million of income in 2019. the income in 2020 includes insurance proceeds of $37 million. the insurance proceeds were partially offset by $9 million of expense related to the cancellation of a project, and foreign currency transaction losses of $5 million, which includes the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates on intercompany loans that were not permanently invested. the income in 2019 was due cf industries holdings, inc.
primarily to the gain recognized on the sale of the pine bend facility of $45 million and insurance proceeds of $37 million, partially offset by foreign currency transaction losses. each of these items is more fully described in the section above titled "items affecting comparability of results."
equity in earnings (loss) of operating affiliate equity in earnings (loss) of operating affiliate consists of our 50% ownership interest in plnl. we include our share of the net earnings from our equity method investment in plnl as an element of earnings from operations because this investment provides additional production and is integrated with our other supply chain and sales activities. our share of the net earnings includes the amortization of certain tangible and intangible assets identified as part of the application of purchase accounting at acquisition.
equity in earnings of operating affiliate was $11 million in 2020 compared to a loss of $5 million in 2019. the loss in 2019 included approximately $16 million related to a withholding tax charge recognized by plnl regarding a multi-year tax dispute. see "items affecting comparability of results-plnl withholding tax charge," above, for additional information.
interest expense-net our interest expense-net includes the interest expense on our long-term debt, amortization of the related fees required to execute financing agreements, annual fees pursuant to our revolving credit agreement and interest on tax liabilities. capitalized interest relating to the construction of major capital projects reduces interest expense as the interest is capitalized and amortized over the estimated useful lives of the related assets. interest expense-net also includes interest income, which includes amounts earned on our cash, cash equivalents, and investments and any interest earned related to income tax refunds.
net interest expense decreased by $56 million to $161 million in 2020 from $217 million in 2019. the decrease was due primarily to our redemption of $750 million aggregate principal amount of long-term debt in the fourth quarter of 2019, which is more fully described under "liquidity and capital resources-senior notes," below. in addition, the decrease reflects $26 million of income in 2020 related to the finalization of the terra amended tax returns, which is more fully described under "liquidity and capital resources-terra amended tax returns," below.
losses on debt extinguishment on november 13, 2019, we redeemed in full all of the $500 million outstanding principal amount of the 2020 notes, in accordance with the optional redemption provisions provided in the indenture governing the 2020 notes. on december 13, 2019, we redeemed $250 million principal amount, representing 50% of the $500 million outstanding principal amount immediately prior to such redemption, of the 2021 notes, in accordance with the optional redemption provisions provided in the indenture governing the 2021 notes. as a result of the early redemption of the 2020 notes and the 2021 notes, we recognized a loss on debt extinguishment of $21 million, of which $12 million related to the 2020 notes and $9 million related to the 2021 notes.
income tax provision our income tax provision for 2020 was $31 million on pre-tax income of $463 million, or an effective tax rate of 6.7% compared to an income tax provision of $126 million on pre-tax income of $772 million, or an effective tax rate of 16.3% in 2019.
for 2020, our income tax provision includes a $27 million benefit related to the settlement of certain u.s. and foreign income tax audits, which primarily related to the settlement of the audit of the terra amended tax returns, which is more fully described under "liquidity and capital resources-terra amended tax returns," below.
for 2019, our income tax provision includes an incentive tax credit from the state of louisiana of $30 million, net of federal income tax, related to certain capital projects at our donaldsonville, louisiana complex, and an income tax benefit of $10 million related to the favorable settlement of certain uncertain tax positions related to the terra amended tax returns.
our effective tax rate is impacted by earnings attributable to the noncontrolling interest in cfn, as our consolidated income tax provision does not include a tax provision on the earnings attributable to the noncontrolling interest. our effective tax rate for 2020 of 6.7%, which is based on pre-tax income of $463 million, would be 2.2 percentage points higher, or 8.9%, if based on pre-tax income exclusive of the earnings attributable to the noncontrolling interest of $115 million. our effective tax rate for 2019 of 16.3%, which is based on pre-tax income of $772 million, would be 4.0 percentage points higher, or 20.3%, if based on pre-tax income exclusive of the earnings attributable to the noncontrolling interest of $153 million.
cf industries holdings, inc.
both 2020 and 2019 were impacted by additional discrete tax items. see note 10-income taxes for additional information.
net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interest net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interest includes the net earnings attributable to the approximately 11% chs minority equity interest in cfn, a subsidiary of cf holdings.
net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interest decreased $38 million, or 25%, to $115 million in 2020 compared to $153 million in 2019 due to lower earnings of cfn driven by lower average selling prices due primarily to increased global nitrogen supply availability.
diluted net earnings per share attributable to common stockholders net earnings per share attributable to common stockholders decreased $0.76 to $1.47 per diluted share in 2020 from $2.23 per diluted share in 2019. this decrease is due primarily to lower net earnings, partially offset by the impact of a 3% reduction in diluted weighted-average common shares outstanding due to repurchases made under our share repurchase program. see discussion under "liquidity and capital resources-share repurchase program," below, for further information.
operating results by business segment our reportable segment structure reflects how our chief operating decision maker, as defined in the accounting principles generally accepted in the united states (u.s. gaap), assesses the performance of our reportable segments and makes decisions about resource allocation. these segments are differentiated by products. our management uses gross margin to evaluate segment performance and allocate resources. total other operating costs and expenses (consisting of selling, general and administrative expenses and other operating-net) and non-operating expenses (interest and income taxes), are centrally managed and are not included in the measurement of segment profitability reviewed by management.
the following table presents summary operating results by business segment:
ammonia                 granular urea(1)                    uan(1)                  an(1)                other(1)                                    consolidated
(in millions)
year ended december 31, 2020
net sales                              $1,020                        $1,248                       $1,063                    $455                   $338                                        $4,124
cost of sales                             850                           847                          949                     390                    287                                         3,323
gross margin                             $170                          $401                         $114                     $65                    $51                                          $801
gross margin percentage                  16.7    %                     32.1       %                 10.7    %               14.3   %               15.1    %                                     19.4      %
year ended december 31, 2019
net sales                              $1,113                        $1,342                       $1,270                    $506                   $359                                        $4,590
cost of sales                             878                           861                          981                     399                    297                                         3,416
gross margin                             $235                          $481                         $289                    $107                    $62                                        $1,174
gross margin percentage                  21.1    %                     35.8       %                 22.8    %               21.1   %               17.3    %                                     25.6      %
year ended december 31, 2018
net sales                              $1,028                        $1,322                       $1,234                    $460                   $385                                        $4,429
cost of sales                             867                           889                        1,007                     414                    335                                         3,512
gross margin                             $161                          $433                         $227                     $46                    $50                                          $917
gross margin percentage                  15.7    %                     32.8       %                 18.4    %               10.0   %               13.0    %                                     20.7      %
_______________________________________________________________________________
(1)the cost of ammonia that is upgraded into other products is transferred at cost into the upgraded product results.
the following is a discussion and analysis of our operating results by business segment for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the year ended december 31, 2019. for a discussion and analysis of our operating results by business segment for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to the year ended december 31, 2018, see item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in our 2019 annual report on form 10-k filed with the sec on february 24, 2020.
cf industries holdings, inc.
ammonia segment our ammonia segment produces anhydrous ammonia (ammonia), which is our most concentrated nitrogen product. ammonia contains 82% nitrogen and 18% hydrogen. the results of our ammonia segment consist of sales of ammonia to external customers. in addition, ammonia is the "basic" nitrogen product that we upgrade into other nitrogen products such as granular urea, uan and an. we produce ammonia at all of our nitrogen manufacturing complexes.
the following table presents summary operating data for our ammonia segment:
year ended december 31,
2020                                                                                                         2019                     2018            2020 v. 2019                                                            2019 v. 2018
(in millions, except as noted)
net sales                                                                     $1,020                   $1,113                   $1,028                $(93)                         (8)   %                $85                       8   %
cost of sales                                                                    850                      878                      867                (28)                          (3)   %                 11                       1   %
gross margin                                                                    $170                     $235                     $161                $(65)                        (28)   %                $74                      46   %
gross margin percentage                                                         16.7   %                 21.1   %                 15.7   %            (4.4)     %                                          5.4   %
sales volume by product tons (000s)                                            3,767                    3,516                    3,135       251                                      7   %                381                      12   %
sales volume by nutrient tons (000s)(1)                                        3,090                    2,884                    2,571       206                                      7   %                313                      12   %
average selling price per product ton                                           $271                     $317                     $328                $(46)                        (15)   %              $(11)                     (3)   %
average selling price per nutrient ton(1)                                       $330                     $386                     $400                $(56)                        (15)   %              $(14)                     (4)   %
gross margin per product ton                                                     $45                      $67                      $51                $(22)                        (33)   %                $16                      31   %
gross margin per nutrient ton(1)                                                 $55                      $81                      $63                $(26)                        (32)   %                $18                      29   %
depreciation and amortization                                                   $176                     $167                     $155                $9                              5   %                $12                       8   %
unrealized net mark-to-market (gain) loss on natural gas derivatives            $(2)                       $4                     $(4)                $(6)                              n/m                 $8                         n/m
_______________________________________________________________________________
n/m-not meaningful
(1)ammonia represents 82% nitrogen content. nutrient tons represent the tons of nitrogen within the product tons.
year ended december 31, 2020 compared to year ended december 31, 2019
net sales. net sales in our ammonia segment decreased by $93 million, or 8%, to $1.02 billion in 2020 from $1.11 billion in 2019 due primarily to a 15% decrease in average selling prices, partially offset by a 7% increase in sales volume. average selling prices decreased to $271 per ton in 2020 compared to $317 per ton in 2019. the decrease in average selling prices was due to increased global nitrogen supply availability as lower global energy costs drove higher global operating rates. sales volume was higher in 2020 due to greater supply availability resulting from increased production and higher inventory levels entering 2020.
cost of sales. cost of sales in our ammonia segment averaged $226 per ton in 2020, a 10% decrease from $250 per ton in 2019, due primarily to the impact of lower realized natural gas costs and lower costs related to plant maintenance activity, partially offset by higher distribution costs.
gross margin.  gross margin in our ammonia segment decreased by $65 million to $170 million in 2020 from $235 million in 2019, and our gross margin percentage was 16.7% in 2020 compared to 21.1% in 2019. the decrease in gross margin was due to a 15% decrease in average selling prices, which reduced gross margin by $170 million. this factor was partially offset by a decrease in realized natural gas costs, which increased gross margin by $57 million, a 7% increase in sales volume, which increased gross margin by $29 million, a $13 million net decrease in other manufacturing and distribution costs, and the impact of a $2 million unrealized net mark-to-market gain on natural gas derivatives in 2020 compared to a $4 million loss in 2019.
cf industries holdings, inc.
granular urea segment our granular urea segment produces granular urea, which contains 46% nitrogen. produced from ammonia and carbon dioxide, it has the highest nitrogen content of any of our solid nitrogen fertilizers. granular urea is produced at our donaldsonville, louisiana; medicine hat, alberta; and port neal, iowa nitrogen complexes.
the following table presents summary operating data for our granular urea segment:
year ended december 31,
2020                                                                                                         2019                     2018            2020 v. 2019                                                            2019 v. 2018
(in millions, except as noted)
net sales                                                                     $1,248                   $1,342                   $1,322                $(94)                         (7)   %                $20                       2   %
cost of sales                                                                    847                      861                      889                (14)                          (2)   %               (28)                     (3)   %
gross margin                                                                    $401                     $481                     $433                $(80)                        (17)   %                $48                      11   %
gross margin percentage                                                         32.1   %                 35.8   %                 32.8   %            (3.7)     %                                          3.0   %
sales volume by product tons (000s)                                            5,148                    4,849                    4,898       299                                      6   %               (49)                     (1)   %
sales volume by nutrient tons (000s)(1)                                        2,368                    2,231                    2,253       137                                      6   %               (22)                     (1)   %
average selling price per product ton                                           $242                     $277                     $270                $(35)                        (13)   %                 $7                       3   %
average selling price per nutrient ton(1)                                       $527                     $602                     $587                $(75)                        (12)   %                $15                       3   %
gross margin per product ton                                                     $78                      $99                      $88                $(21)                        (21)   %                $11                      13   %
gross margin per nutrient ton(1)                                                $169                     $216                     $192                $(47)                        (22)   %                $24                      13   %
depreciation and amortization                                                   $270                     $264                     $276                $6                              2   %              $(12)                     (4)   %
unrealized net mark-to-market (gain) loss on natural gas derivatives            $(2)                       $4                     $(4)                $(6)                              n/m                 $8                         n/m
______________________________________________________________________________
n/m-not meaningful
(1)granular urea represents 46% nitrogen content. nutrient tons represent the tons of nitrogen within the product tons.
year ended december 31, 2020 compared to year ended december 31, 2019
net sales. net sales in our granular urea segment decreased $94 million, or 7%, to $1.25 billion in 2020 compared to $1.34 billion in 2019 due primarily to a 13% decrease in average selling prices, partially offset by a 6% increase in sales volume. average selling prices decreased to $242 per ton in 2020 compared to $277 per ton in 2019. the decrease was due primarily to increased global nitrogen supply availability as lower global energy costs drove higher global operating rates. sales volume was higher due primarily to greater supply availability resulting from higher inventory levels entering 2020 and increased production. in addition, north american demand strengthened in the fourth quarter of 2020 amid increasing crop prices and overall improved farm economics.
cost of sales. cost of sales in our granular urea segment averaged $164 per ton in 2020, an 8% decrease from $178 per ton in 2019, due primarily to the impact of lower realized natural gas costs and lower costs related to plant maintenance activity.
gross margin.  gross margin in our granular urea segment decreased by $80 million to $401 million in 2020 from $481 million in 2019, and our gross margin percentage was 32.1% in 2020 compared to 35.8% in 2019. the decrease in gross margin was due to a 13% decrease in average selling prices, which decreased gross margin by $166 million. this factor was partially offset by a decrease in realized natural gas costs, which increased gross margin by $40 million, a $23 million net decrease in other manufacturing and distribution costs, a 6% increase in sales volume, which increased gross margin by $17 million, and the impact of a $2 million unrealized net mark-to-market gain on natural gas derivatives in 2020 compared to a $4 million loss in 2019.
cf industries holdings, inc.
uan segment our uan segment produces urea ammonium nitrate solution (uan). uan, a liquid fertilizer product with a nitrogen content that typically ranges from 28% to 32%, is produced by combining urea and ammonium nitrate. uan is produced at our nitrogen complexes in courtright, ontario; donaldsonville, louisiana; port neal, iowa; verdigris, oklahoma; woodward, oklahoma; and yazoo city, mississippi.
the following table presents summary operating data for our uan segment:
year ended december 31,
2020                                                                                                         2019   2018                              2020 v. 2019                                                              2019 v. 2018
(in millions, except as noted)
net sales                                                                     $1,063                   $1,270                   $1,234                $(207)                         (16)   %                $36                       3   %
cost of sales                                                                    949                      981                    1,007                (32)                            (3)   %               (26)                     (3)   %
gross margin                                                                    $114                     $289                     $227                $(175)                         (61)   %                $62                      27   %
gross margin percentage                                                         10.7   %                 22.8   %   18.4                 %            (12.1)      %                                          4.4   %
sales volume by product tons (000s)                                            6,843                    6,807                    7,042       36                                         1   %              (235)                     (3)   %
sales volume by nutrient tons (000s)(1)                                        2,155                    2,144                    2,225       11                                         1   %               (81)                     (4)   %
average selling price per product ton                                           $155                     $187                     $175                $(32)                          (17)   %                $12                       7   %
average selling price per nutrient ton(1)                                       $493                     $592                     $555                $(99)                          (17)   %                $37                       7   %
gross margin per product ton                                                     $17                      $42                      $32                $(25)                          (60)   %                $10                      31   %
gross margin per nutrient ton(1)                                                 $53                     $135                     $102                $(82)                          (61)   %                $33                      32   %
depreciation and amortization                                                   $256                     $251                     $270                $5                                2   %              $(19)                     (7)   %
unrealized net mark-to-market (gain) loss on natural gas derivatives            $(2)                       $4                     $(4)                $(6)                                n/m                 $8                         n/m
______________________________________________________________________________
n/m-not meaningful
(1)uan represents between 28% and 32% of nitrogen content, depending on the concentration specified by the customer. nutrient tons represent the tons of nitrogen within the product tons.
year ended december 31, 2020 compared to year ended december 31, 2019
net sales. net sales in our uan segment decreased $207 million, or 16%, to $1.06 billion in 2020 compared to $1.27 billion in 2019 due primarily to a 17% decrease in average selling prices, partially offset by a 1% increase in sales volume. average selling prices decreased to $155 per ton in 2020 compared to $187 per ton in 2019 due primarily to increased global nitrogen supply availability as lower global energy costs drove higher global operating rates and increased imports into the united states as trade flows adjusted in response to the european union anti-dumping duties. sales volume in our uan segment was approximately 6.8 million tons in both 2020 and 2019.
cost of sales. cost of sales in our uan segment averaged $138 per ton in 2020, a 5% decrease from $145 per ton in 2019, due primarily to the impact of lower realized natural gas costs.
gross margin.  gross margin in our uan segment decreased by $175 million to $114 million in 2020 from $289 million in 2019, and our gross margin percentage was 10.7% in 2020 compared to 22.8% in 2019. the decrease in gross margin was due to a 17% decrease in average selling prices, which decreased gross margin by $222 million, and a $27 million net increase in other manufacturing and distribution costs. these factors were partially offset by a decrease in realized natural gas costs, which increased gross margin by $58 million, a 1% increase in sales volume, which increased gross margin by $10 million, and the impact of a $2 million unrealized net mark-to-market gain on natural gas derivatives in 2020 compared to a $4 million loss in 2019.
cf industries holdings, inc.
an segment our an segment produces ammonium nitrate (an). an, which has a nitrogen content between 29% and 35%, is produced by combining anhydrous ammonia and nitric acid. an is used as nitrogen fertilizer and is also used by industrial customers for commercial explosives and blasting systems. an is produced at our nitrogen complexes in yazoo city, mississippi and ince and billingham, united kingdom.
the following table presents summary operating data for our an segment:
year ended december 31,
2020                                                                                               2019                   2018            2020 v. 2019                                                              2019 v. 2018
(in millions, except as noted)
net sales                                                               $455                   $506                   $460                $(51)                          (10)   %                $46                      10   %
cost of sales                                                            390                    399                    414                (9)                             (2)   %               (15)                     (4)   %
gross margin                                                             $65                   $107                    $46                $(42)                          (39)   %                $61                     133   %
gross margin percentage                                                 14.3   %               21.1   %               10.0   %            (6.8)       %                                         11.1   %
sales volume by product tons (000s)                                    2,216                  2,109                  2,002       107                                        5   %                107                       5   %
sales volume by nutrient tons (000s)(1)                                  747                    708                    676       39                                         6   %                 32                       5   %
average selling price per product ton                                   $205                   $240                   $230                $(35)                          (15)   %                $10                       4   %
average selling price per nutrient ton(1)                               $609                   $715                   $680                $(106)                         (15)   %                $35                       5   %
gross margin per product ton                                             $29                    $51                    $23                $(22)                          (43)   %                $28                     122   %
gross margin per nutrient ton(1)                                         $87                   $151                    $68                $(64)                          (42)   %                $83                     122   %
depreciation and amortization                                           $100                    $88                    $85                $12                              14   %                 $3                       4   %
unrealized net mark-to-market loss on natural gas derivatives             $-                     $1                     $-                $(1)                          (100)   %                 $1                         n/m
_______________________________________________________________________________
n/m-not meaningful
(1)an represents between 29% and 35% of nitrogen content. nutrient tons represent the tons of nitrogen within the product tons.
year ended december 31, 2020 compared to year ended december 31, 2019
net sales. net sales in our an segment decreased $51 million, or 10%, to $455 million in 2020 from $506 million in 2019 due primarily to a 15% decrease in average selling prices, partially offset by a 5% increase in sales volume. average selling prices decreased to $205 per ton in 2020 compared to $240 per ton in 2019 due primarily to increased global nitrogen supply availability as lower global energy costs drove higher global operating rates. sales volume increased due primarily to greater supply availability as a result of higher inventory levels entering 2020.
cost of sales. cost of sales in our an segment averaged $176 per ton in 2020, a 7% decrease from $189 per ton in 2019, due primarily to the impact of lower realized natural gas costs and lower costs related to plant maintenance activity.
gross margin.  gross margin in our an segment decreased by $42 million to $65 million in 2020 from $107 million in 2019, and our gross margin percentage was 14.3% in 2020 compared to 21.1% in 2019. the decrease in gross margin was due to a 15% decrease in average selling prices, which decreased gross margin by $77 million. this factor was partially offset by a decrease in realized natural gas costs, which increased gross margin by $26 million, and a 5% increase in sales volume, which increased gross margin by $4 million, a $4 million net decrease in other manufacturing and distribution costs, and the impact of a $1 million unrealized net mark-to-market loss on natural gas derivatives in 2019.
cf industries holdings, inc.
other segment our other segment primarily includes the following products:
•diesel exhaust fluid (def) is an aqueous urea solution typically made with 32.5% or 50% high-purity urea and the remainder deionized water.
•urea liquor is a liquid product that we sell in concentrations of 40%, 50% and 70% urea as a chemical intermediate.
•nitric acid is a nitrogen-based mineral acid that is used in the production of nitrate-based fertilizers, nylon precursors and other specialty chemicals.
•compound fertilizer products (npks) are solid granular fertilizer products for which the nutrient content is a combination of nitrogen, phosphorus and potassium.
the following table presents summary operating data for our other segment:
year ended december 31,
2020                                                                                                     2019                   2018            2020 v. 2019                                                              2019 v. 2018
(in millions, except as noted)
net sales                                                                     $338                   $359                   $385                $(21)                         (6)   %              $(26)                       (7)   %
cost of sales                                                                  287                    297                    335                (10)                          (3)   %               (38)                      (11)   %
gross margin                                                                   $51                    $62                    $50                $(11)                        (18)   %                $12                        24   %
gross margin percentage                                                       15.1   %               17.3   %               13.0   %            (2.2)     %                                          4.3   %
sales volume by product tons (000s)                                          2,322                  2,257                  2,252       65                                       3   %                  5                         -   %
sales volume by nutrient tons (000s)(1)                                        457                    444                    439       13                                       3   %                  5                         1   %
average selling price per product ton                                         $146                   $159                   $171                $(13)                         (8)   %              $(12)                       (7)   %
average selling price per nutrient ton(1)                                     $740                   $809                   $877                $(69)                         (9)   %              $(68)                       (8)   %
gross margin per product ton                                                   $22                    $27                    $22                $(5)                         (19)   %                 $5                        23   %
gross margin per nutrient ton(1)                                              $112                   $140                   $114                $(28)                        (20)   %                $26                        23   %
depreciation and amortization                                                  $68                    $72                    $67                $(4)                          (6)   %                 $5                         7   %
unrealized net mark-to-market loss (gain) on natural gas derivatives            $-                     $1                   $(1)                $(1)                        (100)   %                 $2                           n/m
_______________________________________________________________________________
n/m-not meaningful
(1)nutrient tons represent the tons of nitrogen within the product tons.
year ended december 31, 2020 compared to year ended december 31, 2019
net sales. net sales in our other segment decreased $21 million, or 6%, to $338 million in 2020 from $359 million in 2019 due to an 8% decrease in average selling prices, partially offset by a 3% increase in sales volume. average selling prices decreased to $146 per ton in 2020 compared to $159 per ton in 2019. the decrease in average selling prices was due primarily to increased global nitrogen supply availability as lower global energy costs drove higher global operating rates. the increase in sales volume was due primarily to higher def and npk sales volumes, partially offset by lower nitric acid sales volume.
cost of sales. cost of sales in our other segment averaged $124 per ton in 2020, a 6% decrease from $132 per ton in 2019, due primarily to the impact of lower realized natural gas costs.
gross margin.  gross margin in our other segment decreased by $11 million to $51 million in 2020 from $62 million in 2019, and our gross margin percentage was 15.1% in 2020 compared to 17.3% in 2019. the decrease in gross margin was due to an 8% decrease in average selling prices, which reduced gross margin by $30 million. this factor was partially offset by a decrease in realized natural gas costs, which increased gross margin by $14 million, a $3 million net decrease in other manufacturing and distribution costs, a 3% increase in sales volume including a shift in the mix of products sold within the segment, which increased gross margin by $1 million, and the impact of a $1 million unrealized net mark-to-market loss on natural gas derivatives in 2019.
cf industries holdings, inc.
liquidity and capital resources our primary uses of cash are generally for operating costs, working capital, capital expenditures, debt service, investments, taxes, share repurchases and dividends. our working capital requirements are affected by several factors, including demand for our products, selling prices, raw material costs, freight costs and seasonal factors inherent in the business. in addition, we may from time to time seek to retire or purchase our outstanding debt through cash purchases, in open market or privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. such repurchases, if any, will depend on prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors. the amounts involved may be material.
generally, our primary source of cash is cash from operations, which includes cash generated by customer advances. we may also from time to time access the capital markets or engage in borrowings under our revolving credit agreement. our cash from operations could be affected by various risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, the effects of the covid-19 pandemic.
in march 2020, as the impact of the covid-19 pandemic unfolded in many locations around the world, credit markets began to function less efficiently, causing concern about liquidity in credit markets generally. in response to this and out of an abundance of caution, we borrowed $500 million under our $750 million revolving credit agreement to ensure we maintained ample financial flexibility in light of the uncertainty in the global markets, including the financial credit markets. in april 2020, due to confidence in the functioning of the credit markets and strong nitrogen fertilizer business conditions, we repaid the $500 million of borrowings.
our cash and cash equivalents balance was $683 million at december 31, 2020, an increase of $396 million from $287 million at december 31, 2019. at december 31, 2020, we were in compliance with all applicable covenant requirements under our revolving credit agreement, senior notes and senior secured notes, and unused borrowing capacity under our revolving credit agreement was $750 million.
on february 17, 2021, we announced that our wholly owned subsidiary cf industries elected to redeem in full the entire outstanding $250 million principal amount of 3.400% senior secured notes due december 2021 (the 2021 notes) on march 20, 2021, in accordance with the optional redemption provisions provided in the indenture governing the 2021 notes. based on market interest rates on february 12, 2021, we estimate that the total amount for the redemption of the 2021 notes will be approximately $258 million, including accrued interest.
cash equivalents cash equivalents include highly liquid investments that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash with original maturities of three months or less. under our short-term investment policy, we may invest our cash balances, either directly or through mutual funds, in several types of investment-grade securities, including notes and bonds issued by governmental entities or corporations. securities issued by governmental entities include those issued directly by the u.s. and canadian federal governments; those issued by state, local or other governmental entities; and those guaranteed by entities affiliated with governmental entities.
share repurchase program on february 13, 2019, the board authorized the repurchase of up to $1 billion of cf holdings common stock through december 31, 2021 (the 2019 share repurchase program). repurchases under the 2019 share repurchase program may be made from time to time in the open market, through privately negotiated transactions, block transactions or otherwise. the manner, timing and amount of repurchases will be determined by our management based on the evaluation of market conditions, stock price, and other factors.
during the year ended december 31, 2019, we repurchased approximately 7.6 million shares of cf holdings common stock under the 2019 share repurchase program for $337 million. in june and december of 2019, we retired approximately 4.2 million and 3.4 million shares, respectively, that were repurchased under the 2019 share repurchase program in 2019.
during the first quarter of 2020, we repurchased approximately 2.6 million shares of cf holdings common stock under the 2019 share repurchase program for $100 million and retired those shares in the second quarter of 2020. no shares were repurchased in the second, third or fourth quarter of 2020 under the 2019 share repurchase program. at december 31, 2020, we held 102,843 shares of treasury stock.
cf industries holdings, inc.
the following table summarizes the share repurchases under the 2019 share repurchase program.
shares                    amounts
(in millions)
shares repurchased in 2019:
first quarter                                          1.5                        $60
second quarter                                         2.7                        118
third quarter                                          1.5                         72
fourth quarter                                         1.9                         87
shares repurchased as of december 31, 2019             7.6                        337
shares repurchased in 2020:
first quarter                                          2.6                        100
shares repurchased as of december 31, 2020            10.2                       $437
capital spending we make capital expenditures to sustain our asset base, increase our capacity, improve plant efficiency and comply with various environmental, health and safety requirements. capital expenditures totaled $309 million in 2020 compared to $404 million in 2019. the decrease in capital expenditures in 2020 was due primarily to actions take to defer certain non-essential capital project activity as a result of the covid-19 pandemic.
capital expenditures in 2021 are estimated to be in the range of $450 million, which reflects a return to a normal spending level and includes expenditures for our initial green ammonia project at our donaldsonville complex. planned capital expenditures are generally subject to change due to delays in regulatory approvals or permitting, unanticipated increases in cost, changes in scope and completion time, performance of third parties, delays in the receipt of equipment, adverse weather, defects in materials and workmanship, labor or material shortages, transportation constraints, acceleration or delays in the timing of the work and other unforeseen difficulties. all of these factors may also be influenced or exacerbated by the direct or indirect impacts of the covid-19 pandemic.
government policies the policies or laws of governments around the world can result in the imposition of taxes, duties, tariffs or other restrictions or regulatory requirements on imports and exports of raw materials, finished goods or services from a particular country or region of the world. the policies and laws of governments can also impact the subsidization of natural gas prices, and subsidies or quotas applied to domestic producers or farmers. due to the critical role that fertilizers play in food production, the construction and operation of fertilizer plants often are influenced by economic, political and social objectives. additionally, the import or export of fertilizer can be subject to local taxes imposed by governments which can have the effect of either encouraging or discouraging import and export activity. the impact of changes in governmental policies or laws or the political or social objectives of a country could have a material impact on fertilizer demand and selling prices and therefore could impact our liquidity.
ethanol industry and the renewable fuel standard corn used to produce ethanol accounts for approximately 35% of total u.s. corn demand. u.s. government policy, as expressed in the renewable fuel standard (rfs), is a major determinant for the ethanol market. the rfs establishes minimum volumes of various types of renewable fuels, including ethanol, that must be included in the united states' supply of fuel for transportation. in addition, the u.s. congress, at various times, has proposed legislation to either modify or eliminate the rfs. while past legislation proposing changes to the rfs has not been enacted into law, there can be no assurance that future legislation will not be enacted into law. other factors that drive the ethanol market include the prices of ethanol, gasoline and corn. lower gasoline prices and fewer aggregate miles, driven by increased automobile fuel efficiency or the continued expansion of electric vehicles, may put pressure on ethanol prices that could result in reduced profitability and lower production for the ethanol industry. this could impact the demand for corn and nitrogen fertilizer and, therefore, could impact our liquidity.
cf industries holdings, inc.
terra amended tax returns in 2020, we received income tax refunds, including interest, of $110 million relating to the settlement of irs audits of amended tax returns that we had filed in 2012 related to prior tax years. see discussion under "items affecting comparability-terra amended tax returns," above, for further information.
repatriation of foreign earnings and income taxes we have operations in canada, the united kingdom and a 50% interest in a joint venture in the republic of trinidad and tobago. historically, the estimated additional u.s. and foreign income taxes due upon repatriation of the earnings of these foreign operations to the u.s. were recognized in our consolidated financial statements as the earnings were recognized, unless the earnings were considered to be permanently reinvested based upon our then current plans. however, the cash payment of the income tax liabilities associated with repatriation of earnings from foreign operations occurred at the time of the repatriation. as a result, the recognition of income tax expense related to foreign earnings, as applicable, and the payment of taxes resulting from repatriation of those earnings could occur in different periods.
in light of changes made by the tax act, commencing with the 2018 tax year, the united states no longer taxes earnings of foreign subsidiaries even when such earnings are earned or repatriated to the united states, unless such earnings are subject to u.s. rules on passive income or certain anti-abuse provisions. foreign subsidiary earnings may still be subject to withholding taxes when repatriated to the united states.
cash balances held by our joint venture are maintained at sufficient levels to fund local operations as accumulated earnings are repatriated from the joint venture on a periodic basis.
as of december 31, 2020, approximately $122 million of our consolidated cash and cash equivalents balance of $683 million was held by our canadian and united kingdom subsidiaries. historically, and for the current year, the cash balance held by the canadian subsidiaries represented accumulated earnings of our foreign operations that were not considered to be permanently reinvested. as of december 31, 2020, we would not expect any additional cash tax cost to repatriate the canadian and united kingdom cash balances if we were to repatriate this cash in the future, other than foreign withholding tax.
net operating loss and capital loss carryforwards as of december 31, 2018, we had net operating loss and capital loss carryforwards (collectively, the tax loss carryforwards) of $271 million. these tax loss carryforwards were available to reduce taxable income and thereby, reduce cash taxes in the united states and other tax jurisdictions in which they could be applied. as a result of the effective usage of certain of these tax loss carryforwards to offset current cash taxes payable, there were no u.s. federal tax loss carryforwards remaining as of december 31, 2019. as a result, we paid income taxes of approximately $111 million in 2020, net of income tax refunds of approximately $90 million primarily related to the terra amended tax returns, which are more fully described above under "items affecting comparability-terra amended tax returns."
debt revolving credit agreement on december 5, 2019, cf holdings and cf industries entered into a senior secured fourth amended and restated credit agreement (the revolving credit agreement), which amended and restated our third amended and restated revolving credit agreement, as previously amended (referred to herein, as in effect from time to time, as the prior credit agreement), that was scheduled to mature september 18, 2020. the revolving credit agreement provides for a revolving credit facility of up to $750 million with a maturity of december 5, 2024. the revolving credit agreement includes a letter of credit sub-limit of $125 million. borrowings under the revolving credit agreement may be used for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, share repurchases and other general corporate purposes.
borrowings under the revolving credit agreement may be denominated in u.s. dollars, canadian dollars, euros and british pounds, and bear interest at a per annum rate equal to an applicable eurocurrency rate or base rate plus, in either case, a specified margin. we are required to pay an undrawn commitment fee on the undrawn portion of the commitments under the revolving credit agreement and customary letter of credit fees. the specified margin and the amount of the commitment fee depend on cf holdings' credit rating at the time.
cf industries is the lead borrower under the revolving credit agreement. the borrowers and guarantors under the revolving credit agreement, which are currently comprised of cf holdings, cf industries and cf holdings' wholly owned subsidiaries cf industries enterprises, llc (cfe), cf industries sales, llc (cfs), cf usa holdings, llc (cf usa), and cf industries distribution facilities, llc (cfidf), are referred to together herein as the loan parties. subject to specified cf industries holdings, inc.
exceptions, the revolving credit agreement requires that each direct or indirect domestic subsidiary of cf holdings that guarantees debt for borrowed money of any loan party in excess of $150 million become a guarantor under the revolving credit agreement. subject to specified exceptions, the revolving credit agreement requires a grant of a first priority security interest in substantially all of the assets of the loan parties, including a pledge by cf usa of its equity interests in cfn and mortgages over certain material fee-owned domestic real properties, to secure the obligations of the loan parties thereunder.
in addition to the obligations under the revolving credit agreement, the loan parties also guarantee the obligations under any (i) letter of credit facilities, letter of credit reimbursement agreements, letters of credit, letters of guaranty, surety bonds or similar arrangements, (ii) interest rate or other hedging arrangements and (iii) agreements to provide automated clearing house transactions, cash management services or foreign exchange facilities or other cash management arrangements in the ordinary course of business, in each case between cf holdings or certain of its subsidiaries, on the one hand, and any person that is a lender or the administrative agent under the revolving credit agreement or an affiliate of such person, on the other hand, that are designated by cf industries as secured bilateral lc facilities, secured swap agreements or secured cash management agreements (each as defined in the revolving credit agreement), as applicable, pursuant to the terms of the revolving credit agreement. obligations under secured bilateral lc facilities, secured swap agreements and secured cash management agreements are secured by the same security interest that secures the obligations under the revolving credit agreement.
at any time that (i) no default or event of default exists under the revolving credit agreement and related documentation and (ii) (a) cf holdings attains an investment-grade rating as set forth in the revolving credit agreement; (b) cf industries' senior secured notes due 2021 and senior secured notes due 2026, including all fees, expenses and other amounts due and payable thereunder, have been paid or defeased or (c) cf industries' senior secured notes due 2021 and senior secured notes due 2026 cease to be secured by the assets of the loan parties that secure obligations under the revolving credit agreement, cf industries will have the right to require that (a) the security interest securing obligations under the revolving credit agreement be terminated and released and (b) each guarantor under the revolving credit agreement other than cf holdings be released from its obligations under the revolving credit agreement and related documentation.
the revolving credit agreement contains representations and warranties and affirmative and negative covenants customary for a financing of this type. the financial covenants applicable to cf holdings and its subsidiaries in the revolving credit agreement:
(i) require that the interest coverage ratio (as defined in the revolving credit agreement) be not less than 2.75:1.00 as of the last day of each fiscal quarter and
(ii) require that the total net leverage ratio (as defined in the revolving credit agreement) be not greater than 3.75:1.00 (the maximum total net leverage ratio) as of the last day of each fiscal quarter, provided that, if any borrower or subsidiary consummates a material acquisition during any fiscal quarter, cf industries may elect to increase the maximum total net leverage ratio to 4.25:1.00 for the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters commencing with such fiscal quarter (and no further such election may be made unless and until the maximum total net leverage ratio is less than or equal to 3.75:1.00 as of the end of two consecutive fiscal quarters after the end of such period).
as of december 31, 2020, we were in compliance with all covenants under the revolving credit agreement.
the revolving credit agreement contains events of default (with notice requirements and cure periods, as applicable) customary for a financing of this type, including, but not limited to, non-payment of principal, interest or fees; inaccuracy of representations and warranties in any material respect; and failure to comply with specified covenants. upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an event of default under the revolving credit agreement and after any applicable cure period, subject to specified exceptions, the administrative agent may, and at the request of the requisite lenders is required to, accelerate the loans under the revolving credit agreement or terminate the lenders' commitments under the revolving credit agreement.
in march 2020, we borrowed $500 million under the revolving credit agreement to ensure we maintained ample financial flexibility in light of the uncertainty in the global markets, including the financial credit markets, caused by the covid-19 pandemic. in april 2020, due to confidence in the functioning of the credit markets and strong nitrogen fertilizer business conditions, we repaid the $500 million of borrowings, which returned our unused borrowing capacity under the revolving credit agreement to $750 million.
as of december 31, 2020, we had unused borrowing capacity under the revolving credit agreement of $750 million and no outstanding letters of credit. in addition, there were no borrowings outstanding under the revolving credit agreement as of december 31, 2020 or 2019. maximum borrowings under the revolving credit agreement during 2020 were $500 million. the cf industries holdings, inc.
weighted-average annual interest rate of borrowings under the revolving credit agreement during 2020 was 2.05%. there were no borrowings under the prior credit agreement or the revolving credit agreement during 2019.
letters of credit in addition to the letters of credit that may be issued under the revolving credit agreement, as described above, we have also entered into a bilateral agreement with capacity to issue letters of credit up to $250 million (reflecting an increase of $105 million in december 2020). as of december 31, 2020, approximately $125 million of letters of credit were outstanding under this agreement.
senior notes long-term debt presented on our consolidated balance sheets as of december 31, 2020 and 2019 consisted of the following debt securities issued by cf industries:
effective interest rate                                                                        december 31, 2020                                                                        december 31, 2019
principal outstanding                        carrying amount (1)                         principal outstanding                        carrying amount (1)
(in millions)
public senior notes:
3.450% due june 2023                        3.562%                                      $750                                       $748                                          $750                                       $747
5.150% due march 2034                        5.279%                                       750                                        741                                           750                                        740
4.950% due june 2043                        5.031%                                       750                                        742                                           750                                        742
5.375% due march 2044                        5.465%                                       750                                        741                                           750                                        741
senior secured notes:
3.400% due december 2021                        3.782%                                       250                                        249                                           250                                        248
4.500% due december 2026                        4.759%                                       750                                        740                                           750                                        739
total long-term debt                                                                  $4,000                                     $3,961                                        $4,000                                     $3,957
less: current maturities of long-term debt                                                                     250                                        249                                             -                                          -
long-term debt, net of current maturities                                                                  $3,750                                     $3,712                                        $4,000                                     $3,957
_______________________________________________________________________________
(1)carrying amount is net of unamortized debt discount and deferred debt issuance costs. total unamortized debt discount was $9 million and $10 million as of december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively, and total deferred debt issuance costs were $30 million and $33 million as of december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
public senior notes on november 13, 2019, we redeemed in full all of the $500 million outstanding principal amount of the 7.125% senior notes due may 2020 (the 2020 notes), in accordance with the optional redemption provisions in the indenture governing the 2020 notes. the total aggregate redemption price, excluding accrued interest paid on the 2020 notes in connection with the redemption, was approximately $512 million. as a result, we recognized a loss on debt extinguishment of $12 million, primarily consisting of premiums paid for the early retirement of debt for the 2020 notes.
under the indentures (including the applicable supplemental indentures) governing our senior notes due 2023, 2034, 2043 and 2044 identified in the table above (the public senior notes), each series of public senior notes is guaranteed by cf holdings. from november 21, 2016 to november 13, 2019, the public senior notes were guaranteed not only by cf holdings, but also by certain 100% owned subsidiaries of cf holdings. the guarantee of the public senior notes in the case of each of those subsidiaries was subject to automatic release upon specified events, including the release of such subsidiary's guarantee of the 2020 notes. on november 13, 2019, as a result of the release of all subsidiary guarantees of the 2020 notes upon the retirement of, and satisfaction and discharge of the indenture governing, the 2020 notes, all subsidiary guarantees of the public senior notes were automatically released.
interest on the public senior notes is payable semiannually, and the public senior notes are redeemable at our option, in whole at any time or in part from time to time, at specified make-whole redemption prices.
cf industries holdings, inc.
the indentures governing the public senior notes contain covenants that limit, among other things, the ability of cf holdings and its subsidiaries, including cf industries, to incur liens on certain assets to secure debt, to engage in sale and leaseback transactions, to merge or consolidate with other entities and to sell, lease or transfer all or substantially all of the assets of cf holdings and its subsidiaries to another entity. each of the indentures governing the public senior notes provides for customary events of default, which include (subject in certain cases to customary grace and cure periods), among others, nonpayment of principal or interest on the applicable public senior notes; failure to comply with other covenants or agreements under the indenture; certain defaults on other indebtedness; the failure of cf holdings' guarantee of the applicable public senior notes to be enforceable; and specified events of bankruptcy or insolvency. under each indenture governing the public senior notes, in the case of an event of default arising from one of the specified events of bankruptcy or insolvency, the applicable public senior notes would become due and payable immediately, and, in the case of any other event of default (other than an event of default related to cf industries' and cf holdings' reporting obligations), the trustee or the holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the applicable public senior notes then outstanding may declare all of such public senior notes to be due and payable immediately.
under each of the indentures governing the public senior notes, specified changes of control involving cf holdings or cf industries, when accompanied by a ratings downgrade, as defined with respect to the applicable series of public senior notes, constitute change of control repurchase events. upon the occurrence of a change of control repurchase event with respect to a series of public senior notes, unless cf industries has exercised its option to redeem such public senior notes, cf industries will be required to offer to repurchase them at a price equal to 101% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but not including, the date of repurchase.
senior secured notes on november 21, 2016, cf industries issued $500 million aggregate principal amount of 3.400% senior secured notes due 2021 (the 2021 notes) and $750 million aggregate principal amount of 4.500% senior secured notes due 2026 (the 2026 notes, and together with the 2021 notes, the senior secured notes). on december 13, 2019, we redeemed $250 million principal amount of the 2021 notes in accordance with the optional redemption provisions in the indenture governing the 2021 notes. the total aggregate redemption price, excluding accrued interest paid on the 2021 notes redeemed in connection with the redemption, was approximately $257 million. as a result, we recognized a loss on debt extinguishment of $9 million, primarily consisting of premiums paid for the early retirement of debt for the 2021 notes.
on february 17, 2021, we announced that cf industries elected to redeem in full the entire outstanding $250 million principal amount of the 2021 notes on march 20, 2021, in accordance with the optional redemption provisions provided in the indenture governing the 2021 notes.
interest on the senior secured notes is payable semiannually, and the senior secured notes are redeemable at our option, in whole at any time or in part from time to time, at specified make-whole redemption prices.
under the terms of the applicable indenture, the senior secured notes of each series are guaranteed on a senior secured basis, jointly and severally, by cf holdings and each current and future domestic subsidiary of cf holdings (other than cf industries) that from time to time is a borrower, or guarantees indebtedness, under the revolving credit agreement. the requirement for any subsidiary of cf holdings to guarantee the senior secured notes of a series will apply only until, and the subsidiary guarantees of the senior secured notes of a series will be automatically released upon, cf holdings having an investment grade corporate rating, with a stable or better outlook, from two of three selected ratings agencies and there being no default or event of default under the applicable indenture. the subsidiary guarantors of the senior secured notes currently consist of cfe, cfs, cf usa and cfidf.
subject to certain exceptions, the obligations under each series of senior secured notes and each guarantor's related guarantee are secured by a first priority security interest in substantially all of the assets of cf industries, cf holdings and the subsidiary guarantors, including a pledge by cf usa of its equity interests in cfn and mortgages over certain material fee-owned domestic real properties (the collateral). the obligations under the revolving credit agreement, together with certain letter of credit, cash management, hedging and similar obligations and future pari passu secured indebtedness, are secured by the collateral on a pari passu basis with the senior secured notes. the liens on the collateral securing the obligations under the senior secured notes of a series and the related guarantees will be automatically released and the covenant under the applicable indenture limiting dispositions of collateral will no longer apply if cf holdings has an investment grade corporate rating, with a stable or better outlook, from two of three selected ratings agencies and there is no default or event of default under the applicable indenture.
under each of the indentures governing the senior secured notes, specified changes of control involving cf holdings or cf industries, when accompanied by a ratings downgrade, as defined with respect to the applicable series of senior secured notes, constitute change of control repurchase events. upon the occurrence of a change of control repurchase event with respect cf industries holdings, inc.
to the 2021 notes or the 2026 notes, as applicable, unless cf industries has exercised its option to redeem such senior secured notes, cf industries will be required to offer to repurchase them at a price equal to 101% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but not including, the date of repurchase.
the indentures governing the senior secured notes contain covenants that limit, among other things, the ability of cf holdings and its subsidiaries, including cf industries, to incur liens on certain assets to secure debt, to engage in sale and leaseback transactions, to sell or transfer collateral, to merge or consolidate with other entities and to sell, lease or transfer all or substantially all of the assets of cf holdings and its subsidiaries to another entity. each of the indentures governing the senior secured notes provides for customary events of default, which include (subject in certain cases to customary grace and cure periods), among others, nonpayment of principal or interest on the applicable senior secured notes; failure to comply with other covenants or agreements under the indenture; certain defaults on other indebtedness; the failure of cf holdings' or certain subsidiaries' guarantees of the applicable senior secured notes to be enforceable; lack of validity or perfection of any lien securing the obligations under the senior secured notes and the guarantees with respect to collateral having an aggregate fair market value equal to or greater than a specified amount; and specified events of bankruptcy or insolvency. under each indenture governing the senior secured notes, in the case of an event of default arising from one of the specified events of bankruptcy or insolvency, the applicable senior secured notes would become due and payable immediately, and, in the case of any other event of default (other than an event of default related to cf industries' and cf holdings' reporting obligations), the trustee or the holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the applicable senior secured notes then outstanding may declare all of such senior secured notes to be due and payable immediately.
forward sales and customer advances we offer our customers the opportunity to purchase products from us on a forward basis at prices and on delivery dates we propose. therefore, our reported nitrogen fertilizer selling prices and margins may differ from market spot prices and margins available at the time of shipment.
customer advances, which typically represent a portion of the contract's value, are received shortly after the contract is executed, with any remaining unpaid amount generally being collected by the time control transfers to the customer, thereby reducing or eliminating the accounts receivable related to such sales. any cash payments received in advance from customers in connection with forward sales contracts are reflected on our consolidated balance sheets as a current liability until control transfers and revenue is recognized. as of december 31, 2020 and 2019, we had $130 million and $119 million, respectively, in customer advances on our consolidated balance sheets.
while customer advances are generally a significant source of liquidity, the level of forward sales contracts is affected by many factors including current market conditions and our customers' outlook of future market fundamentals. during periods of declining prices, customers tend to delay purchasing fertilizer in anticipation that prices in the future will be lower than the current prices. if the level of sales under our forward sales programs were to decrease in the future, our cash received from customer advances would likely decrease and our accounts receivable balances would likely increase. additionally, borrowing under the revolving credit agreement could become necessary. due to the volatility inherent in our business and changing customer expectations, we cannot estimate the amount of future forward sales activity.
under our forward sales programs, a customer may delay delivery of an order due to weather conditions or other factors. these delays generally subject the customer to potential charges for storage or may be grounds for termination of the contract by us. such a delay in scheduled shipment or termination of a forward sales contract due to a customer's inability or unwillingness to perform may negatively impact our reported sales.
natural gas natural gas is the principal raw material used to produce nitrogen products. we use natural gas both as a chemical feedstock and as a fuel to produce ammonia, granular urea, uan, an and other products. expenditures on natural gas are a significant portion of our production costs, representing approximately one-third of our total production costs in 2020. as a result of these factors, natural gas prices have a significant impact on our operating expenses and can thus affect our liquidity.
we enter into agreements for a portion of our future natural gas supply and related transportation. as of december 31, 2020, our natural gas purchase agreements have terms that range from one to five years and a total minimum commitment of approximately $430 million, and our natural gas transportation agreements have terms that range from one to ten years and a total minimum commitment of approximately $180 million. our minimum commitments to purchase and transport natural gas are based on prevailing market-based forward prices excluding reductions for plant maintenance and turnaround activities.
cf industries holdings, inc.
because most of our nitrogen manufacturing facilities are located in the united states and canada, the price of natural gas in north america directly impacts a substantial portion of our operating expenses. due to increases in natural gas production resulting from the rise in production from shale gas formations, natural gas prices in north america have declined in the last decade, but are subject to volatility. during 2020, the daily closing price at the henry hub, the most heavily-traded natural gas pricing point in north america, reached a low of $1.34 per mmbtu on september 22, 2020 and three consecutive days in october and a high of $3.08 per mmbtu on october 27, 2020. during the three-year period ended december 31, 2020, the daily closing price at the henry hub reached a low of $1.34 per mmbtu on september 22, 2020 and three consecutive days in october 2020 and a high of $6.88 per mmbtu on january 4, 2018.
we also have manufacturing facilities located in the united kingdom. these facilities are subject to fluctuations associated with the price of natural gas in europe. the major natural gas trading point for the united kingdom is the national balancing point (nbp). during 2020, the daily closing price at nbp reached a low of $1.04 per mmbtu on may 22, 2020 and a high of $7.71 per mmbtu on december 30, 2020. during the three-year period ended december 31, 2020, the daily closing price at nbp reached a low of $1.04 per mmbtu on may 22, 2020, and a high of $31.74 per mmbtu on march 2, 2018.
natural gas costs in our cost of sales, including the impact of realized natural gas derivatives, decreased 18% to $2.24 per mmbtu in 2020 from $2.74 per mmbtu in 2019.
derivative financial instruments we may use derivative financial instruments to reduce our exposure to changes in prices for natural gas that will be purchased in the future. natural gas is the largest and most volatile component of our manufacturing cost for our nitrogen products. from time to time, we may also use derivative financial instruments to reduce our exposure to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. volatility in reported quarterly earnings can result from the unrealized mark-to-market adjustments in the value of the derivatives. in 2020 and 2019, we recognized an unrealized net mark-to-market (gain) loss on natural gas derivatives of $(6) million and $14 million, respectively, which is reflected in cost of sales in our consolidated statements of operations.
derivatives expose us to counterparties and the risks associated with their ability to meet the terms of the contracts. for derivatives that are in net asset positions, we are exposed to credit loss from nonperformance by the counterparties. we control our credit risk through the use of multiple counterparties that are multinational commercial banks, other major financial institutions or large energy companies, and the use of international swaps and derivatives association (isda) master netting arrangements. the isda agreements are master netting arrangements commonly used for over-the-counter derivatives that mitigate exposure to counterparty credit risk, in part, by creating contractual rights of netting and setoff, the specifics of which vary from agreement to agreement.
the isda agreements for most of our derivative instruments contain credit-risk-related contingent features, such as cross default provisions and credit support thresholds. in the event of certain defaults or a credit ratings downgrade, our counterparty may request early termination and net settlement of certain derivative trades or may require us to collateralize derivatives in a net liability position. the revolving credit agreement, at any time when it is secured, provides a cross collateral feature for those of our derivatives that are with counterparties that are party to, or affiliates of parties to, the revolving credit agreement so that no separate collateral would be required for those counterparties in connection with such derivatives. in the event the revolving credit agreement becomes unsecured, separate collateral could be required in connection with such derivatives.
as of december 31, 2020 and 2019, the aggregate fair value of the derivative instruments with credit-risk-related contingent features in net liability positions was $6 million and $12 million, respectively, which also approximates the fair value of the maximum amount of additional collateral that would need to be posted or assets needed to settle the obligations if the credit-risk-related contingent features were triggered at the reporting dates. as of december 31, 2020, our open natural gas derivative contracts consisted of natural gas fixed price swaps and basis swaps for 34.1 million mmbtus. as of december 31, 2019, contracts consisted of natural gas fixed price swaps, basis swaps and options for 41.1 million mmbtus. at both december 31, 2020 and 2019, we had no cash collateral on deposit with counterparties for derivative contracts. the credit support documents executed in connection with certain of our isda agreements generally provide us and our counterparties the right to set off collateral against amounts owing under the isda agreements upon the occurrence of a default or a specified termination event.
cf industries holdings, inc.
embedded derivative liability under the terms of our strategic venture with chs, if our credit rating as determined by two of three specified credit rating agencies is below certain levels, we are required to make a non-refundable yearly payment of $5 million to chs. since 2016, our credit ratings have been below certain levels and, as a result, we made an annual payment of $5 million to chs in the fourth quarter of each year. these payments will continue on a yearly basis until the earlier of the date that our credit rating is upgraded to or above certain levels by two of three specified credit rating agencies or february 1, 2026. as of december 31, 2020 and 2019, the embedded derivative liability was $18 million and $20 million, respectively. see note 9-fair value measurements for additional information.
defined benefit pension plans we contributed $45 million to our pension plans in 2020. we expect to contribute approximately $33 million to our pension plans in 2021. in addition, we expect to contribute a total of approximately $66 million to our u.k. plans in the three-year period ending 2024, as agreed with the plans' trustees.
distributions on noncontrolling interest in cfn the cfn board of managers approved semi-annual distribution payments for the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, in accordance with cfn's limited liability company agreement, as follows:
approved and paid             distribution period                                     distribution amount
(in millions)
first quarter of 2021         six months ended december 31, 2020                             $64
third quarter of 2020         six months ended june 30, 2020                                  86
first quarter of 2020         six months ended december 31, 2019                              88
third quarter of 2019         six months ended june 30, 2019                                 100
first quarter of 2019         six months ended december 31, 2018                              86
third quarter of 2018         six months ended june 30, 2018                                  79
cash flows operating activities net cash provided by operating activities in 2020 was $1,231 million as compared to $1,505 million in 2019, a decrease of $274 million. the decrease in cash flow from operations was due primarily to lower net earnings and higher cash taxes paid, partially offset by favorable changes in net working capital. cash paid for taxes, net of refunds, was $111 million in 2020, compared to a net refund of $41 million in 2019. in 2020, we received income tax refunds, including interest, of $110 million related to the finalization of amended u.s. tax returns, which is further described above under terra amended tax returns. during 2020, net changes in working capital contributed $12 million to cash flow from operations, while in 2019 net changes in working capital reduced cash flow from operations by $112 million. the increased cash flow from working capital changes was primarily driven by inventories and accounts payable and accrued expenses.
investing activities net cash used in investing activities was $299 million in 2020 compared to $319 million in 2019. during 2020, capital expenditures totaled $309 million compared to $404 million in 2019. the decrease in capital expenditures in 2020 was due primarily to actions taken to defer certain non-essential capital project activity as a result of the covid-19 pandemic. net cash used in investing activities in 2019 included proceeds of $55 million related to the sale of our pine bend facility and $15 million related to property insurance proceeds received.
financing activities net cash used in financing activities was $542 million in 2020 compared to $1,583 million in 2019. the decline in cash used in financing activities was due to cash used to redeem certain senior notes in 2019 and higher share repurchase activity in 2019. in 2019, we paid $769 million in connection with the redemption of the 2020 notes and the partial redemption of the 2021 notes. in 2020, we spent $100 million to repurchase shares of common stock compared to $370 million in 2019, which included approximately $33 million related to shares repurchased in late 2018 that were paid for in 2019. dividends paid on common stock in 2020 and 2019 were $258 million and $265 million, respectively. distributions to noncontrolling interest totaled $174 million in 2020 as compared to $186 million in 2019.
cf industries holdings, inc.
critical accounting estimates our discussion and analysis of our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and capital resources is based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with u.s. gaap. u.s. gaap requires that we select policies and make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. on an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates. we base our estimates on historical experience, technological assessment, opinions of appropriate outside experts, and the most recent information available to us. actual results may differ from these estimates. changes in estimates that may have a material impact on our results are discussed in the context of the underlying financial statements to which they relate. the following discussion presents information about our most critical accounting estimates.
income taxes we recognize expenses, assets and liabilities for income taxes based on estimates of amounts that ultimately will be determined to be taxable or deductible in tax returns filed in various jurisdictions. u.s. income taxes are provided on that portion of the earnings of foreign subsidiaries that is expected to be remitted to the u.s. and be taxable. the final taxes paid are dependent upon many factors and judgments, including negotiations with taxing authorities in various jurisdictions and resolution of disputes arising from federal, state and international tax audits. the judgments made at any point in time may change from previous conclusions based on the outcome of tax audits, as well as changes to, or further interpretations of, tax laws and regulations. we adjust income tax expense in the period in which these changes occur.
income taxes are accounted for under the asset and liability method. deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those differences are projected to be recovered or settled. realization of deferred tax assets is dependent on our ability to generate sufficient taxable income of an appropriate character in future periods. a valuation allowance is established if it is determined to be more likely than not that a deferred tax asset will not be realized. significant judgment is applied in evaluating the need for and the magnitude of appropriate valuation allowances against deferred tax assets.
as a large commercial enterprise with international operations, our income tax expense and our effective tax rate may change from period to period due to many factors. the most significant of these factors are changes in tax legislation in the countries in which we operate, changes in the geographic mix of earnings, the tax characteristics of our income, the ability to realize certain foreign tax credits and net operating losses, and the portion of the income of our foreign subsidiaries and foreign joint venture that could be subjected to u.s. taxation. it is reasonably likely that these items will impact income tax expense, net income and liquidity in future periods.
we operate in a number of countries and as a result have a significant amount of cross border transactions. the taxability of cross border transactions has received an increasing level of scrutiny among regulators in countries across the globe, including the countries in which we operate. the tax rules and regulations within the various countries in which we operate are complex and in many cases there is not symmetry between the rules of the various countries. as a result, there are instances where regulators within the countries involved in a cross border transaction may reach different conclusions regarding the taxability of the transaction in their respective jurisdictions based on the same set of facts and circumstances. we work closely with regulators to reach a common understanding and conclusion regarding the taxability of cross border transactions. however, there are instances where reaching a common understanding is not possible or practical.
we recognize the effect of income tax positions only if sustaining those positions is more likely than not. tax positions that meet the more likely than not recognition threshold but are not highly certain are measured based on the largest amount of benefit that is greater than 50% likely of being realized upon settlement with the taxing authority. as of december 31, 2020, we have recorded a reserve for unrecognized tax benefits, including penalties and interest, of $85 million. this amount represents our best estimate of the potential amounts due based on our interpretations of the rules and the facts and circumstances of the transactions. differences in interpretation of the tax laws can result in differences in taxes paid which may be higher or lower than our estimates.
recoverability of long-lived assets, goodwill and investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries we review the carrying values of our property, plant and equipment and other long-lived assets, including our finite-lived intangible assets, goodwill and investments in affiliates including joint ventures in accordance with u.s. gaap in order to assess recoverability. factors that we must estimate when performing impairment tests include production and sales volumes, selling prices, raw material costs, operating rates, operating expenses, inflation, discount rates, exchange rates, tax rates and capital spending. significant judgment is involved in estimating each of these factors, which include inherent uncertainties. the factors we use are consistent with those used in our internal planning process. the recoverability of the values associated with our goodwill, long-lived assets and investments in unconsolidated affiliates is dependent upon future operating performance of cf industries holdings, inc.
the specific businesses to which they are attributed. certain of the operating assumptions are particularly sensitive to the cyclical nature of the fertilizer business. adverse changes in demand for our products, increases in supply and the availability and costs of key raw materials could significantly affect the results of our review.
the recoverability and impairment tests of long-lived assets are required only when conditions exist that indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. for goodwill, impairment tests are required at least annually, or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate that it may be impaired. our investment in an unconsolidated affiliate is reviewed for impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate that its carrying value may not be recoverable. when circumstances indicate that the fair value of our investment in any such affiliate is less than its carrying value, and the reduction in value is other than temporary, the reduction in value would be recognized immediately in earnings.
plnl is our joint venture investment in the republic of trinidad and tobago and operates an ammonia plant that relies on natural gas supplied, under a gas sales contract (the ngc contract), by the national gas company of trinidad and tobago limited (ngc). the joint venture is accounted for under the equity method. the joint venture experienced past curtailments in the supply of natural gas from ngc, which reduced the ammonia production at plnl. the ngc contract had an initial expiration date of september 2018 and was extended on the same terms until september 2023. any ngc commitment to supply gas beyond 2023 will be based on new agreements. if ngc does not make sufficient quantities of natural gas available to plnl at prices that permit profitable operations, plnl may cease operating its facility and we would write off the remaining investment in plnl. the carrying value of our equity method investment in plnl at december 31, 2020 is $80 million.
we evaluate goodwill for impairment in the fourth quarter at the reporting unit level. our evaluation can begin with a qualitative assessment of the factors that could impact the significant inputs used to estimate fair value. if after performing the qualitative assessment, we determine that it is not more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, including goodwill, then no further analysis is necessary. however, if it is unclear based on the results of the qualitative test, we perform a quantitative test, which involves comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount, including goodwill. we use an income-based valuation method, determining the present value of future cash flows, to estimate the fair value of a reporting unit. if the fair value of a reporting unit exceeds its positive carrying amount, goodwill of the reporting unit is considered not impaired, and no further testing is necessary. if the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, goodwill impairment would be recognized equal to the amount of the carrying value in excess of the reporting unit's fair value, limited to the total amount of goodwill allocated to the reporting unit. we identified no goodwill impairment in 2020, 2019 or 2018. as of december 31, 2020 and 2019, the carrying value of our goodwill was $2.37 billion.
intangible assets identified in connection with our 2010 acquisition of terra consist of customer relationships, which are being amortized over a period of 18 years. the intangible assets identified in connection with our 2015 acquisition of cf fertilisers uk consist of customer relationships and trade names, which are being amortized over a period of approximately 20 years. our intangible assets are presented in other assets on our consolidated balance sheets. see note 7-goodwill and other intangible assets for additional information regarding our goodwill and other intangible assets.
pension assets and liabilities pension assets and liabilities are affected by the fair value of plan assets, estimates of the expected return on plan assets, plan design, actuarial estimates and discount rates. actual changes in the fair value of plan assets and differences between the actual return on plan assets and the expected return on plan assets affect the amount of pension expense ultimately recognized. key assumptions that affect our projected benefit obligation (pbo) are discount rates and, in addition for our united kingdom plans, an adjusted retail price index (rpi). key assumptions affecting pension expense include discount rates, the expected long-term rate of return on assets (eroa) and, in addition for our united kingdom plans, rpi.
the december 31, 2020 pbo was computed based on a weighted-average discount rate of 2.4% for our north america plans and 1.5% for our united kingdom plans, which were based on yields for high-quality (aa rated or better) fixed income debt securities that match the timing and amounts of expected benefit payments as of the measurement date of december 31, 2020. declines in comparable bond yields would increase our pbo. the weighted-average discount rate used to calculate pension expense in 2020 was 3.1% for north america plans and 2.0% for united kingdom plans. our net benefit obligation, after deduction of plan assets, could increase or decrease depending on the extent to which returns on pension plan assets are lower or higher than the discount rate. the 4.1% weighted-average eroa used to calculate pension expense in 2020 for our north america plans is based on studies of actual rates of return achieved by equity and non-equity investments, both separately and in combination over historical holding periods. the 3.4% weighted-average eroa used to calculate pension expense in 2020 for our united kingdom plans is based on expected long-term performance of underlying investments. the eroa for both north america and united kingdom plans are adjusted for expenses and diversification bonuses, if applicable. for our united kingdom plans, the 3.0% rpi used to calculate our pbo and the 3.0% rpi used to calculate 2020 pension cf industries holdings, inc.
expense are developed using the bank of england implied retail price inflation curve, which is based on the difference between yields on fixed interest government bonds and index-linked government bonds.
for north america qualified pension plans, our pbo was $884 million as of december 31, 2020, which was $38 million higher than pension plan assets. for our united kingdom pension plans, our pbo was $643 million as of december 31, 2020, which was $152 million higher than pension plan assets. the tables below estimate the impact of a 50 basis point increase or decrease in the key assumptions on our december 31, 2020 pbo and 2020 pension expense:
north america plans increase/(decrease) in                                increase/(decrease) in december 31, 2020 pbo                                 2020 pension expense assumption           +50 bps                       -50 bps                 +50 bps                            -50 bps
(in millions)
discount rate        $(52)                         $58                     $(2)                               $2
eroa                 n/a                           n/a                     (4)            4
united kingdom plans increase/(decrease) in                                increase/(decrease) in december 31, 2020 pbo                                 2020 pension expense assumption           +50 bps                       -50 bps                 +50 bps                       -50 bps
(in millions)
discount rate        $(49)                         $53                     $-                            $-
eroa                 n/a                           n/a                     (2)                           -
rpi                  28                            (30)           2                                      (2)
see note 11-pension and other postretirement benefits for further discussion of our pension plans.
recent accounting pronouncements see note 3-new accounting standards for a discussion of recent accounting pronouncements.
subsequent event in february 2021, the central portion of the united states experienced extreme and unprecedented cold weather. certain natural gas suppliers declared force majeure events due to natural gas well freeze offs or frozen equipment. this occurred at the same time as large increases in natural gas demand were occurring due to the cold temperatures. due to these unprecedented factors, several states declared a state of emergency and natural gas was redirected for residential usage. at certain of our manufacturing locations, we were asked to reduce our natural gas consumption and therefore these plants either operated at reduced rates or temporarily suspended operations. we returned excess natural gas to our suppliers and received prevailing market prices, which were in excess of our cost. during this period of time, we have experienced lower production, but have procured product in order to meet customer obligations. higher maintenance and repair activity may be necessary as the plants are restarted. at the present time, we do not know the net positive or negative impact of these events on our operations; however, we do not expect it to result in a material impact to our business.
cf industries holdings, inc.
