item 1a. risk factors we are subject to a number of risks potentially impacting our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. as we are a financial services organization, certain elements of risk are inherent in our transactions and operations and are present in the business decisions we make. we, therefore, encounter risk as part of the normal course of our business and we design risk management processes to help manage these risks. our success is dependent on our ability to identify, understand and manage the risks presented by our business activities so that we can appropriately balance revenue generation and profitability. these risks include, but are not limited to, credit risk, market risk, liquidity risk, operational risk, model risk, technology, regulatory and legal risk and strategic and reputational risk. we discuss our principal risk management processes and, in appropriate places, related historical performance in the "risk governance" section in item 7.
you should carefully consider the following risk factors that may affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. other factors that could affect our business, financial condition and results of operation are discussed in the "forward-looking statements" section above. however, there may be additional risks that are not presently material or known, and factors besides those discussed below, or in this or other reports that we file or furnish with the sec, that could also adversely affect us.
risks related to our business the covid-19 pandemic and associated lockdowns have adversely affected us, and may continue to adversely affect, and created, and may exacerbate or create new, significant risks and uncertainties for our business, and the ultimate impact of the pandemic on us will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted.
the covid-19 pandemic and associated lockdowns have negatively affected the global and u.s. economies, increased unemployment levels, disrupted supply chains and businesses in many industries, lowered equity market valuations, decreased liquidity in fixed income markets, and created significant volatility and disruption in financial markets. this has resulted, and could continue to result, in higher and more volatile provisions for credit losses, and is also expected to result in increased charge-offs, particularly as more citizens financial group, inc. | 21
customers experience credit deterioration and as customers need to draw on their committed credit lines to help finance their businesses and activities. the pandemic's negative economic impact and its effect on customer needs and behaviors could adversely affect our liquidity and also continue to adversely affect our capital profile. moreover, governmental actions in response to the pandemic are meaningfully influencing the interest-rate environment, which has, and is likely to continue to, reduce our net interest margin. the pandemic may also have adverse effects on our noninterest income. the effects of the pandemic have resulted, and may continue to result, in lower service charges and fees and card fees, and has also caused, and may continue to cause, volatility in other noninterest income, in particular capital markets fees and foreign exchange and interest rate products revenue.
in addition, our reliance on work-from-home capabilities and the potential inability to maintain critical staff in our operational facilities present risks associated with our local infrastructure, restrictive stay-at-home orders across jurisdictions, illness, quarantines and the sustainability of a work-from-home environment, as well as heightened cybersecurity, information security and operational risks. many of our service providers have been, and may further be, affected by similar factors that increase their risk of business disruptions or that may otherwise affect their ability to perform under the terms of any agreements with us or provide essential services. any disruption to our ability to deliver financial products or services to, or interact with, our clients and customers could result in losses or increased operational costs, regulatory fines, penalties or other sanctions, or harm to our reputation. we also face an increased risk of litigation and governmental and regulatory scrutiny as a result of the effects of the pandemic on market and economic conditions and the actions of governmental authorities in response to those conditions.
the federal banking regulators have issued interagency guidance to clarify supervisory expectations regarding loan modifications due to covid-19-related non-payment and the regulatory capital transition for the current expected credit loss accounting standard. further, the federal reserve has implemented a broad array of actions to limit the negative impacts of the covid-19 pandemic and associated lockdowns on the economy and u.s. businesses. in addition, the u.s. congress has passed a number of economic stimulus packages, including the $2 trillion cares act, the families first coronavirus response act, the coronavirus preparedness and response supplemental appropriations act, 2020, and the consolidated appropriations act, 2021. in response to the pandemic, we have (i) assisted our retail and small business customers through loan forbearances and modifications, (ii) extended loans under the ppp, and (iii) committed funding for community support with a particular emphasis on small businesses and non-profit partners. these government programs are complex and our participation may lead to governmental and regulatory scrutiny, negative publicity and damage to our reputation.
in april 2020, we announced that we would temporarily suspend our stock repurchase program through december 31, 2020 to support the efforts of the federal reserve and other banks to moderate the impact of the pandemic by making additional capital and liquidity available to our customers, including corporates, small businesses and individuals. further, the federal reserve took actions to preserve capital at banks by imposing certain limitations on firms that participate in ccar for the third and fourth quarters of 2020, including mandatory suspension of share repurchases, and limiting common stock dividends to existing rates and the average quarterly net income for the prior four quarters. in december 2020, the federal reserve modified its limitations on capital distributions for the first quarter of 2021 such that firms that participate in ccar, like us, may resume share repurchases provided that the aggregate of share repurchases and common stock dividends for the first quarter of 2021 do not exceed average quarterly net income for the trailing four quarters. the federal reserve can extend or modify its current capital distribution limitations in future quarters. the pandemic may cause us to limit future capital distributions.
the extent to which the pandemic and associated lockdowns adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations, as well as our liquidity and regulatory capital ratios, will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including the scope and duration of the pandemic, the widespread availability, use and effectiveness of vaccines, the effectiveness of our work-from-home arrangements and staffing levels in operational facilities, actions taken by governmental authorities and other third parties in response to the pandemic and associated lockdowns and the direct and indirect impact of the pandemic and associated lockdowns on us, our clients and customers, our service providers and other market participants. as the pandemic and associated lockdowns adversely affect us, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described herein.
citizens financial group, inc. | 22
we may not be able to successfully execute our business strategy.
our business strategy is designed to maximize the full potential of our business and drive sustainable growth and enhanced profitability, and our success rests on our ability to maintain a high-performing, customer-centric organization; develop differentiated value propositions to acquire, deepen, and retain core customer segments; build excellent capabilities designed to help us stand out from our competitors; operate with financial discipline and a mindset of continuous improvement to self-fund investments; prudently grow and optimize our balance sheet; modernize our technology and operational models to improve delivery, organizational agility and speed to market; and embed risk management within our culture and our operations. our future success and the value of our stock will depend, in part, on our ability to effectively implement our business strategy. there are risks and uncertainties, many of which are not within our control, associated with each element of our strategy. if we are not able to successfully execute our business strategy, we may never achieve our financial performance goals and any shortfall may be material. see the "business strategy" section in item 1 for further information.
supervisory requirements and expectations on us as a financial holding company and a bank holding company and any regulator-imposed limits on our activities could adversely affect our ability to implement our strategic plan, expand our business, continue to improve our financial performance and make capital distributions to our stockholders.
our operations are subject to extensive regulation, supervision and examination by the federal banking agencies (the frb, the occ and the fdic), as well as the cfpb. as part of the supervisory and examination process, if we are unsuccessful in meeting the supervisory requirements and expectations that apply to us, regulatory agencies may from time to time take supervisory actions against us that may not be publicly disclosed. such actions may include restrictions on our activities or the activities of our subsidiaries, informal (nonpublic) or formal (public) supervisory actions or public enforcement actions, including the payment of civil money penalties, which could increase our costs and limit our ability to implement our strategic plans and expand our business, and as a result could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. see the "regulation and supervision" section in item 1 for further information.
changes in interest rates may have an adverse effect on our profitability.
net interest income historically has been, and we anticipate that it will remain, a significant component of our total revenue. this is due to the fact that a high percentage of our assets and liabilities have been and will likely continue to be in the form of interest-bearing or interest-related instruments. changes in interest rates can have a material effect on many areas of our business, including net interest income, deposit costs, loan volume and delinquency, and the value of our mortgage servicing rights. interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors that are beyond our control, including general economic conditions and policies of various governmental and regulatory agencies and, in particular, the federal open market committee. changes in monetary policy, including changes in interest rates, could influence not only the interest we receive on loans and securities and the amount of interest we pay on deposits and borrowings, but such changes could also affect our ability to originate loans and obtain deposits and the fair value of our financial assets and liabilities. if the interest rates on our interest-bearing liabilities increase at a faster pace than the interest rates on our interest earning assets, our net interest income may decline and, with it, a decline in our earnings may occur. our net interest income and our earnings would be similarly affected if the interest rates on our interest earning assets declined at a faster pace than the interest rates on our interest-bearing liabilities.
we cannot control or predict with certainty changes in interest rates. global, national, regional and local economic conditions, competitive pressures and the policies of regulatory authorities, including monetary policies of the frb, affect interest income and interest expense. although we have policies and procedures designed to manage the risks associated with changes in market interest rates, as further discussed under the "risk governance" section in item 7, changes in interest rates still may have an adverse effect on our profitability.
if our ongoing assumptions regarding borrower or depositor behavior or overall economic conditions are significantly different than we anticipate, then our risk mitigation may be insufficient to protect against interest rate risk and our net income would be adversely affected.
citizens financial group, inc. | 23
changes in the method pursuant to which the libor and other benchmark rates are calculated and their planned discontinuance could adversely impact our business operations and financial results.
many of our lending products, securities, derivatives, and other financial transactions utilize a benchmark rate, such as libor, to determine the applicable interest rate or payment amount. in 2017, the chief executive of the u.k. financial conduct authority ("fca") announced that the fca intends to stop persuading or compelling banks to submit rates for the calculation of libor after 2021. since then, the financial industry has been working towards the transition away from libor to alternative reference rates. on november 30, 2020, the ice benchmark administration ("iba"), the authorized administrator of libor regulated by the u.k. fca, announced a proposal that, if adopted, would result in the cessation of one-week and two-month u.s. dollar libor as previously anticipated at the end of 2021, while extending the publication of the other tenors of u.s. dollar libor until june 30, 2023. while this proposal has received support from both u.k. and u.s. regulators, the u.s. regulators are encouraging banks to stop entering into new u.s. dollar libor contracts as soon as practicable and not later than december 31, 2021. the combination of the iba proposal and the u.s. official sector guidance would continue to facilitate the transition away from libor for new originations by the end of 2021 while enabling more legacy contracts to mature before the final libor cessation date of june 30, 2023.
the discontinuation of a benchmark rate, changes in a benchmark rate, or changes in market perceptions of the acceptability of a benchmark rate, including libor, could, among other things, adversely affect the value of and return on certain of our financial instruments or products, result in changes to our risk exposures, or require renegotiation of previous transactions. in addition, any such discontinuation or changes, whether actual or anticipated, could result in market volatility, adverse tax or accounting effects, increased compliance, legal and operational costs, and risks associated with customer disclosures and contract negotiations. the transition to using a new rate could also expose us to risks associated with disputes with customers and other market participants in connection with interpreting and implementing libor fallback provisions.
in 2018, we formed a libor transition program designed to guide the organization through the planned discontinuation of libor. various regulators, industry bodies and other market participants in the u.s. and other countries are engaged in initiatives to develop, introduce and encourage the use of alternative rates to replace certain benchmarks. despite progress made to date by regulators and industry participants, such as us, to prepare for the anticipated discontinuation of libor, significant uncertainties still remain. such uncertainties relate to, for example, whether replacement benchmark rates may become accepted alternatives to libor for different types of transactions and financial instruments, how the terms of any transaction or financial instrument may be adjusted to account for differences between libor and any alternative rate selected, how any replacement would be implemented across the industry, and the effect any changes in industry views or movement to alternative benchmarks would have on the markets for libor-linked financial instruments.
we could fail to attract, retain or motivate highly skilled and qualified personnel, including our senior management, other key employees or members of our board, which could impair our ability to successfully execute our strategic plan and otherwise adversely affect our business.
a cornerstone of our strategic plan involves the hiring of highly skilled and qualified personnel. accordingly, our ability to implement our strategic plan and our future success depends on our ability to attract, retain and motivate highly skilled and qualified personnel, including our senior management and other key employees and directors. the marketplace for skilled personnel is becoming more competitive, which means the cost of hiring, incentivizing and retaining skilled personnel may continue to increase. the failure to attract or retain, including as a result of an untimely death or illness of key personnel, or replace a sufficient number of appropriately skilled and key personnel could place us at a significant competitive disadvantage and prevent us from successfully implementing our strategy, which could impair our ability to implement our strategic plan successfully, achieve our performance targets and otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
limitations on the manner in which regulated financial institutions, such as us, can compensate their officers and employees, including those contained in pending rule proposals implementing requirements of section 956 of the dodd-frank act, may make it more difficult for such institutions to compete for talent with financial institutions and other companies not subject to these or similar limitations. if we are unable to compete effectively, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected, perhaps materially.
citizens financial group, inc. | 24
our ability to meet our obligations, and the cost of funds to do so, depend on our ability to access identified sources of liquidity at a reasonable cost.
liquidity risk is the risk that we will not be able to meet our obligations, including funding commitments, as they come due. this risk is inherent in our operations and can be heightened by a number of factors, including an over-reliance on a particular source of funding (including, for example, secured fhlb advances), changes in credit ratings or market-wide phenomena such as market dislocation and major disasters. like many banking groups, our reliance on customer deposits to meet a considerable portion of our funding has grown over recent years, and we continue to seek to increase the proportion of our funding represented by customer deposits. however, these deposits are subject to fluctuation due to certain factors outside our control, such as increasing competitive pressures for retail or corporate customer deposits, changes in interest rates and returns on other investment classes, or a loss of confidence by customers in us or in the banking sector generally which could result in a significant outflow of deposits within a short period of time. to the extent there is heightened competition among u.s. banks for retail customer deposits, this competition may increase the cost of procuring new deposits and/or retaining existing deposits, and otherwise negatively affect our ability to grow our deposit base. an inability to grow, or any material decrease in, our deposits could have a material adverse effect on our ability to satisfy our liquidity needs.
maintaining a diverse and appropriate funding strategy for our assets consistent with our wider strategic risk appetite and plan remains challenging, and any tightening of credit markets could have a material adverse impact on us. in particular, there is a risk that corporate and financial institution counterparties may seek to reduce their credit exposures to banks and other financial institutions (for example, reductions in unsecured deposits supplied by these counterparties), which may cause funding from these sources to no longer be available. under these circumstances, we may need to seek funds from alternative sources, potentially at higher costs than has previously been the case, or may be required to consider disposals of other assets not previously identified for disposal, in order to reduce our funding commitments.
a reduction in our credit ratings, which are based on a number of factors, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
credit ratings affect the cost and other terms upon which we are able to obtain funding. rating agencies regularly evaluate us, and their ratings are based on a number of factors, including our financial strength. other factors considered by rating agencies include conditions affecting the financial services industry generally. any downgrade in our ratings would likely increase our borrowing costs, could limit our access to capital markets, and otherwise adversely affect our business. for example, a ratings downgrade could adversely affect our ability to sell or market certain of our securities, including long-term debt, engage in certain longer-term derivatives transactions and retain our customers, particularly corporate customers who may require a minimum rating threshold in order to place funds with us. in addition, under the terms of certain of our derivatives contracts, we may be required to maintain a minimum credit rating or have to post additional collateral or terminate such contracts. any of these results of a rating downgrade could increase our cost of funding, reduce our liquidity and have adverse effects on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our financial performance may be adversely affected by deterioration in borrower credit quality, particularly in the new england, mid-atlantic and midwest regions, where our operations are concentrated.
we have exposure to many different industries and risks arising from actual or perceived changes in credit quality and uncertainty over the recoverability of amounts due from borrowers is inherent in our businesses. our exposure may be exacerbated by the geographic concentration of our operations, which are predominately located in the new england, mid-atlantic and midwest regions. the credit quality of our borrowers may deteriorate for a number of reasons that are outside our control, including as a result of prevailing economic and market conditions and asset valuation. the trends and risks affecting borrower credit quality, particularly in the new england, mid-atlantic and midwest regions, have caused, and in the future may cause, us to experience impairment charges, increased repurchase demands, higher costs, additional write-downs and losses and an inability to engage in routine funding transactions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
citizens financial group, inc. | 25
our framework for managing risks may not be effective in mitigating risk and loss.
our risk management framework is made up of various processes and strategies to manage our risk exposure. the framework to manage risk, including the framework's underlying assumptions, may not be effective under all conditions and circumstances. if the risk management framework proves ineffective, we could suffer unexpected losses and could be materially adversely affected.
one of the main types of risks inherent in our business is credit risk. an important feature of our credit risk management system is to employ an internal credit risk control system through which we identify, measure, monitor and mitigate existing and emerging credit risk of our customers. as this process involves detailed analyses of the customer or credit risk, taking into account both quantitative and qualitative factors, it is subject to human error. in exercising their judgment, our employees may not always be able to assign an accurate credit rating to a customer or credit risk, which may result in our exposure to higher credit risks than indicated by our risk rating system.
in addition, we have undertaken certain actions to enhance our credit policies and guidelines to address potential risks associated with particular industries or types of customers, as discussed in more detail under the "risk governance" and "market risk" sections in item 7. however, we may not be able to effectively implement these initiatives, or consistently follow and refine our credit risk management system. if any of the foregoing were to occur, it may result in an increase in the level of nonperforming loans and a higher risk exposure for us, which could have a material adverse effect on us.
changes in our accounting policies or in accounting standards could materially affect how we report our financial results and condition.
from time to time, the fasb and sec change the financial accounting and reporting standards that govern the preparation of our financial statements. these changes can be operationally complex to implement and can materially impact how we record and report our financial condition and results of operations. for example, in june 2016, the fasb issued accounting standards update 2016-13, measurement of credit losses on financial instruments ("cecl"), that substantially changed the accounting for credit losses on loans and other financial assets held by banks, financial institutions and other organizations. upon adoption of cecl on january 1, 2020, we recognize credit losses on these assets equal to management's estimate of credit losses over the full remaining expected life. we consider all relevant information when estimating expected credit losses, including details about past events, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts. as evidenced in the first half of 2020 due to the impact of covid-19, the standard introduces heightened volatility in provision for credit losses, given uncertainty in the accuracy of macroeconomic forecasts over longer time horizons, variances in the rate and composition of loan growth, and changes in overall loan portfolio size and mix. as a result, it is possible that our ongoing reported earnings and lending activity could be negatively impacted. for more information regarding cecl, see note 1 in item 8.
our financial and accounting estimates and risk management framework rely on analytical forecasting and models.
the processes we use to estimate our inherent loan losses and to measure the fair value of financial instruments, as well as the processes used to estimate the effects of changing interest rates and other market measures on our financial condition and results of operations, depends upon the use of analytical and forecasting models. some of our tools and metrics for managing risk are based upon our use of observed historical market behavior. we rely on quantitative models to measure risks and to estimate certain financial values. models may be used in such processes as determining the pricing of various products, grading loans and extending credit, measuring interest rate and other market risks, predicting losses, assessing capital adequacy and calculating regulatory capital levels, as well as estimating the value of financial instruments and balance sheet items. poorly designed or implemented models present the risk that our business decisions based on information incorporating such models will be adversely affected due to the inadequacy of that information. moreover, our models may fail to predict future risk exposures if the information used in the model is incorrect, obsolete or not sufficiently comparable to actual events as they occur. we seek to incorporate appropriate historical data in our models, but the range of market values and behaviors reflected in any period of historical data is not at all times predictive of future developments in any particular period and the period of data we incorporate into our models may turn out to be inappropriate for the future period being modeled. in such case, our ability to manage risk would be limited and our risk exposure and losses could be significantly greater than our models indicated. in addition, if existing or potential customers believe our risk management is inadequate, they could take their business elsewhere. this could harm our reputation as well as our revenues and profits. finally, information we provide to citizens financial group, inc. | 26
our regulators based on poorly designed or implemented models could also be inaccurate or misleading. some of the decisions that our regulators make, including those related to capital distributions to our stockholders, could be adversely affected due to their perception that the quality of the models used to generate the relevant information is insufficient.
the preparation of our financial statements requires the use of estimates that may vary from actual results. particularly, various factors may cause our allowance for credit losses to increase.
the preparation of audited consolidated financial statements in conformity with gaap requires management to make significant estimates that affect the financial statements. our most critical accounting estimate is the acl. the acl is a reserve established through a provision for credit losses charged to expense and represents our estimate of expected credit losses within the existing loan and lease portfolio and unfunded lending commitments. the level of the acl is based on periodic evaluation of the loan and lease portfolios and unfunded lending commitments that are not unconditionally cancellable considering a number of relevant underlying factors, including key assumptions and evaluation of quantitative and qualitative information.
the determination of the appropriate level of the acl inherently involves a degree of subjectivity and requires that we make significant estimates of current credit risks and future trends, all of which may undergo material changes. changes in economic conditions affecting borrowers, the stagnation of certain economic indicators that we are more susceptible to, such as unemployment and real estate values, new information regarding existing loans, identification of additional problem loans and other factors, both within and outside our control, may require an increase in the acl. in addition, bank regulatory agencies periodically review our acl and may require an increase in the acl or the recognition of further loan charge-offs, based on judgments that can differ from those of our own management. in addition, if charge-offs in future periods exceed the acl-that is, if the acl is inadequate-we will need to recognize additional provision for credit losses. should such additional provision expense become necessary, it would result in a decrease in net income and capital and may have a material adverse effect on us. for more information regarding our use of estimates in preparation of financial statements, see note 1 in item 8 and the "critical accounting estimates" section in item 7.
operational risks are inherent in our businesses.
our operations depend on our ability to process a very large number of transactions efficiently and accurately while complying with applicable laws and regulations. operational risk and losses can result from internal and external fraud; improper conduct or errors by employees or third parties; failure to document transactions properly or to obtain proper authorization; failure to comply with applicable regulatory requirements and conduct of business rules; equipment failures, including those caused by natural disasters or by electrical, telecommunications or other essential utility outages; business continuity and data security system failures, including those caused by computer viruses, cyber-attacks against us or our vendors, or unforeseen problems encountered while implementing major new computer systems or upgrades to existing systems; or the inadequacy or failure of systems and controls, including those of our suppliers or counterparties. although we have implemented risk controls and loss mitigation actions, and substantial resources are devoted to developing efficient procedures, identifying and rectifying weaknesses in existing procedures and training staff, it is not possible to be certain that such actions have been or will be effective in controlling each of the operational risks faced by us. any weakness in these systems or controls, or any breaches or alleged breaches of such laws or regulations, could result in increased regulatory supervision, enforcement actions and other disciplinary action, and have an adverse impact on our business, applicable authorizations and licenses, reputation and results of operations.
the financial services industry, including the banking sector, is undergoing rapid technological change as a result of changes in customer behavior, competition and changes in the legal and regulatory framework, and we may not be able to compete effectively as a result of these changes.
the financial services industry, including the banking sector, is continually undergoing rapid technological change with frequent introductions of new technology-driven products and services. in addition, new, unexpected technological changes could have a disruptive effect on the way banks offer products and services. we believe our success depends, to a great extent, on our ability to address customer needs by using technology to offer products and services that provide convenience to customers and to create additional efficiencies in our operations. however, we may not be able to, among other things, keep up with the rapid pace of technological changes, effectively implement new technology-driven products and services or be successful in marketing these products and services to our customers. as a result, our ability to compete effectively to attract citizens financial group, inc. | 27
or retain new business may be impaired, and our business, financial condition or results of operations may be adversely affected.
in addition, changes in the legal and regulatory framework under which we operate require us to update our information systems to ensure compliance. our need to review and evaluate the impact of ongoing rule proposals, final rules and implementation guidance from regulators further complicates the development and implementation of new information systems for our business. also, recent regulatory guidance has focused on the need for financial institutions to perform increased due diligence and ongoing monitoring of third-party vendor relationships, thus increasing the scope of management involvement and decreasing the efficiency otherwise resulting from our relationships with third-party technology providers. given the significant number of ongoing regulatory reform initiatives, it is possible that we incur higher than expected information technology costs in order to comply with current and impending regulations. see "-supervisory requirements and expectations on us as a financial holding company and a bank holding company and any regulator-imposed limits on our activities could adversely affect our ability to implement our strategic plan, expand our business, continue to improve our financial performance and make capital distributions to our stockholders."
we are subject to a variety of cybersecurity risks that, if realized, could adversely affect how we conduct our business.
information security risks for large financial institutions such as us have increased significantly in recent years in part because of the proliferation of new technologies, such as internet and mobile banking to conduct financial transactions, and the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime, hackers, terrorists, nation-states, activists and other external parties. third parties with whom we or our customers do business also present operational and information security risks to us, including security breaches or failures of their own systems. the possibility of employee error, failure to follow security procedures, or malfeasance also presents these risks, particularly given the recent trend towards remote work arrangements. our operations rely on the secure processing, transmission and storage of confidential information in our computer systems and networks. in addition, to access our products and services, our customers may use personal computers, smartphones, tablets, and other mobile devices that are beyond our control environment. although we believe that we have appropriate information security procedures and controls, our technologies, systems, networks and our customers' devices may be the target of cyber-attacks or information security breaches that could result in the unauthorized release, gathering, monitoring, misuse, theft, sale or loss or destruction of the confidential, and/or proprietary information of cfg, our customers, our vendors, our counterparties, or our employees. we are under continuous threat of loss or network degradation due to cyber-attacks, such as computer viruses, malicious or destructive code, phishing attacks, ransomware, and distributed denial of service ("ddos") attacks. this is especially true as we continue to expand customer capabilities to utilize the internet and other remote channels to transact business. two of the most significant cyber-attack risks that we face are e-fraud and loss of sensitive customer data. loss from e-fraud occurs when cybercriminals extract funds directly from customers' or our accounts using fraudulent schemes that may include internet-based funds transfers. we have been subject to a number of e-fraud incidents historically. we have also been subject to attempts to steal sensitive customer data, such as account numbers and social security numbers, through unauthorized access to our computer systems including computer hacking. such attacks are less frequent but could present significant reputational, legal and regulatory costs to us if successful. we have implemented certain technology protections such as customer profiling and set-up authentication to be in compliance with the ffiec authentication in internet banking environment ("aibe") guidelines.
as cyber threats continue to evolve, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to modify or enhance our layers of defense or to investigate and remediate any information security vulnerabilities. system enhancements and updates may also create risks associated with implementing new systems and integrating them with existing ones. due to the complexity and interconnectedness of information technology systems, the process of enhancing our layers of defense can itself create a risk of systems disruptions and security issues. in addition, addressing certain information security vulnerabilities, such as hardware-based vulnerabilities, may affect the performance of our information technology systems. the ability of our hardware and software providers to deliver patches and updates to mitigate vulnerabilities in a timely manner can introduce additional risks, particularly when a vulnerability is being actively exploited by threat actors. cyber-attacks against the patches themselves have also proven to be a significant risk that companies will have to address going forward.
citizens financial group, inc. | 28
despite our efforts to prevent a cyber-attack, a successful cyber-attack could persist for an extended period of time before being detected, and, following detection, it could take considerable time for us to obtain full and reliable information about the cybersecurity incident and the extent, amount and type of information compromised.  during the course of an investigation, we may not necessarily know the full effects of the incident or how to remediate it, and actions and decisions that are taken or made in an effort to mitigate risk may further increase the costs and other negative consequences of the incident.
the techniques used by cyber criminals change frequently, may not be recognized until launched and can be initiated from a variety of sources, including terrorist organizations and hostile foreign governments. these actors may attempt to fraudulently induce employees, customers or other users of our systems to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access to data or our systems. in the event that a cyber-attack is successful, our business, financial condition or results of operations may be adversely affected. for a discussion of the guidance that federal banking regulators have released regarding cybersecurity and cyber risk management standards, see the "regulation and supervision" section of item 1.
we rely heavily on communications and information systems to conduct our business.
we rely heavily on communications and information systems to conduct our business. any failure, interruption or breach in security of these systems, including due to hacking or other similar attempts to breach information technology security protocols, could result in failures or disruptions in our customer relationship management, general ledger, deposit, loan and other systems. although we have established policies and procedures designed to prevent or limit the effect of the possible failure, interruption or security breach of our information systems, there can be no assurance that these policies and procedures will be successful and that any such failure, interruption or security breach will not occur or, if they do occur, that they will be adequately addressed. the occurrence of any failure, interruption or security breach of our information systems could require us to devote substantial resources (including management time and attention) to recovery and response efforts, damage our reputation, result in a loss of customer business, subject us to additional regulatory scrutiny, or expose us to civil litigation and possible financial liability. although we maintain insurance coverage for information security events, we may incur losses as a result of such events that are not insured against or not fully covered by our insurance.
we rely on third parties for the performance of a significant portion of our information technology.
we rely on third parties for the performance of a significant portion of our information technology functions and the provision of information technology and business process services. for example, (i) unaffiliated third parties operate data communications networks on which certain components and services relating to our online banking system rely, (ii) third parties host or maintain many of our applications, including our commercial loan system, which is hosted and maintained by automated financial systems, inc., and our mobile digital banking application, which is hosted and maintained by amazon web services, inc., (iii) fidelity national information services, inc. maintains our core deposits system, (iv) infosys limited provides us with a wide range of information technology support services, including service desk, end user, servicer, and private cloud support, and (v) ibm corporation provides us with mainframe support services. the success of our business depends in part on the continuing ability of these (and other) third parties to perform these functions and services in a timely and satisfactory manner, which performance could be disrupted or otherwise adversely affected due to failures or other information security events originating at the third parties or at the third parties' suppliers or vendors (so-called "fourth party risk"). we may not be able to effectively monitor or mitigate fourth-party risk, in particular as it relates to the use of common suppliers or vendors by the third parties that perform functions and services for us. if we experience a disruption in the provision of any functions or services performed by third parties, we may have difficulty in finding alternate providers on terms favorable to us and in reasonable time frames. if these services are not performed in a satisfactory manner, we would not be able to serve our customers well. in either situation, our business could incur significant costs and be adversely affected.
we are exposed to reputational risk and the risk of damage to our brands and the brands of our affiliates.
our success and results depend, in part, on our reputation and the strength of our brands. we are vulnerable to adverse market perception as we operate in an industry where integrity, customer trust and confidence are paramount. we are exposed to the risk that litigation, employee misconduct, operational failures, the outcome of regulatory or other investigations or actions, press speculation and negative publicity, among other factors, could damage our brands or reputation. our brands and reputation could also be harmed if we sell citizens financial group, inc. | 29
products or services that do not perform as expected or customers' expectations for the product are not satisfied.
we may be adversely affected by unpredictable catastrophic events or terrorist attacks and our business continuity and disaster recovery plans may not adequately protect us from serious disaster.
the occurrence of catastrophic events such as hurricanes, tropical storms, tornadoes and other large-scale catastrophes and terrorist attacks could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations if a catastrophe rendered both our production data center in rhode island and our recovery data center in north carolina unusable. although we enhanced our disaster recovery capabilities in 2016 through the completion of the new, out-of-region backup data center in north carolina, there can be no assurance that our current disaster recovery plans and capabilities will adequately protect us from serious disaster.
risks related to our industry any deterioration in national economic conditions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our business is affected by national economic conditions, as well as perceptions of those conditions and future economic prospects. changes in such economic conditions are not predictable and cannot be controlled. adverse economic conditions could require us to charge off a higher percentage of loans and increase the provision for credit losses, which would reduce our net income and otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. for example, our business was significantly affected by the global economic and financial crisis that began in 2008. the falling home prices, increased rate of foreclosure and high levels of unemployment in the united states triggered significant write-downs by us and other financial institutions. these write-downs adversely impacted our financial results in material respects. although the u.s. economy has made a significant recovery, an interruption or reversal of this recovery would adversely affect the financial services industry and banking sector.
we operate in an industry that is highly competitive, which could result in losing business or margin declines and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we operate in a highly competitive industry. the industry could become even more competitive as a result of reform of the financial services industry resulting from the dodd-frank act and other legislative, regulatory and technological changes, as well as continued consolidation. we face aggressive competition from other domestic and foreign lending institutions and from numerous other providers of financial services, including non-banking financial institutions that are not subject to the same regulatory restrictions as banks and bank holding companies, securities firms and insurance companies, and competitors that may have greater financial resources.
with respect to non-banking financial institutions, technology and other changes have lowered barriers to entry and made it possible for non-banks to offer products and services traditionally provided by banks. for example, consumers can maintain funds that would have historically been held as bank deposits in brokerage accounts or mutual funds. consumers can also complete transactions such as paying bills and/or transferring funds directly without the assistance of banks. the process of eliminating banks as intermediaries, known as "disintermediation," could result in the loss of fee income, as well as the loss of customer deposits and the related income generated from those deposits. some of our non-bank competitors are not subject to the same extensive regulations we are and, therefore, may have greater flexibility in competing for business. as a result of these and other sources of competition, we could lose business to competitors or be forced to price products and services on less advantageous terms to retain or attract clients, either of which would adversely affect our profitability.
the conditions of other financial institutions or of the financial services industry could adversely affect our operations and financial conditions.
financial services institutions are typically interconnected as a result of trading, investment, liquidity management, clearing, counterparty and other relationships. within the financial services industry, the default by any one institution could lead to defaults by other institutions. concerns about, or a default by, one institution could lead to significant liquidity problems and losses or defaults by other institutions, as the commercial and financial soundness of many financial institutions are closely related as a result of these credit, trading, clearing and other relationships. even the perceived lack of creditworthiness of, or questions about, a citizens financial group, inc. | 30
counterparty may lead to market-wide liquidity problems and losses or defaults by various institutions. this systemic risk may adversely affect financial intermediaries, such as clearing agencies, banks and exchanges with which we interact on a daily basis, or key funding providers such as the fhlbs, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our access to liquidity or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
risks related to regulations governing our industry as a financial holding company and a bank holding company, we are subject to comprehensive regulation that could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
as a financial holding company and a bank holding company, we are subject to comprehensive regulation, supervision and examination by the frb. in addition, cbna is subject to comprehensive regulation, supervision and examination by the occ. our regulators supervise us through regular examinations and other means that allow the regulators to gauge management's ability to identify, assess and control risk in all areas of operations in a safe and sound manner and to ensure compliance with laws and regulations. in the course of their supervision and examinations, our regulators may require improvements in various areas. if we are unable to implement and maintain any required actions in a timely and effective manner, we could become subject to informal (non-public) or formal (public) supervisory actions and public enforcement orders that could lead to significant restrictions on our existing business or on our ability to engage in any new business. such forms of supervisory action could include, without limitation, written agreements, cease and desist orders, and consent orders and may, among other things, result in restrictions on our ability to pay dividends, requirements to increase capital, restrictions on our activities, the imposition of civil monetary penalties, and enforcement of such actions through injunctions or restraining orders. we could also be required to dispose of certain assets and liabilities within a prescribed period. the terms of any such supervisory or enforcement action could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we are a bank holding company that has elected to become a financial holding company pursuant to the bank holding company act. financial holding companies are allowed to engage in certain financial activities in which a bank holding company is not otherwise permitted to engage. however, to maintain financial holding company status, a bank holding company (and all of its depository institution subsidiaries) must be "well capitalized" and "well managed." if a bank holding company ceases to meet these capital and management requirements, there are many penalties it would be faced with, including the frb may impose limitations or conditions on the conduct of its activities, and it may not undertake any of the broader financial activities permissible for financial holding companies or acquire a company engaged in such financial activities without prior approval of the frb. if a company does not return to compliance within 180 days, which period may be extended, the frb may require divestiture of that company's depository institutions. to the extent we do not meet the requirements to be a financial holding company in the future, there could be a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we may be unable to disclose some restrictions or limitations on our operations imposed by our regulators.
from time to time, bank regulatory agencies take supervisory actions that restrict or limit a financial institution's activities and lead it to raise capital or subject it to other requirements. directives issued to enforce such actions may be confidential and thus, in some instances, we are not permitted to publicly disclose these actions. in addition, as part of our regular examination process, our regulators may advise us to operate under various restrictions as a prudential matter. any such actions or restrictions, if and in whatever manner imposed, could adversely affect our costs and revenues. moreover, efforts to comply with any such nonpublic supervisory actions or restrictions may require material investments in additional resources and systems, as well as a significant commitment of managerial time and attention. as a result, such supervisory actions or restrictions, if and in whatever manner imposed, could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations; and, in certain instances, we may not be able to publicly disclose these matters.
the regulatory environment in which we operate continues to be subject to significant and evolving regulatory requirements that could have a material adverse effect on our business and earnings.
we are heavily regulated by multiple banking, consumer protection, securities and other regulatory authorities at the federal and state levels. this regulatory oversight is primarily established to protect depositors, the fdic's deposit insurance fund, consumers of financial products, and the financial system as a citizens financial group, inc. | 31
whole, not our security holders. changes to statutes, regulations, rules or policies, including the interpretation, implementation or enforcement of statutes, regulations, rules or policies, could affect us in substantial and unpredictable ways, including by, for example, subjecting us to additional costs, limiting the types of financial services and other products we may offer, limiting our ability to pursue acquisitions and increasing the ability of third parties, including non-banks, to offer competing financial services and products. in recent years, we, together with the rest of the financial services industry, have faced particularly intense scrutiny, with many new regulatory initiatives and vigorous oversight and enforcement on the part of numerous regulatory and governmental authorities. legislatures and regulators have pursued a broad array of initiatives intended to promote the safety and soundness of financial institutions, financial market stability, the transparency and liquidity of financial markets, and consumer and investor protection. certain regulators and law enforcement authorities have also recently required admissions of wrongdoing and, in some cases, criminal pleas as part of the resolutions of matters brought by them against financial institutions. any such resolution of a matter involving us could lead to increased exposure to civil litigation, could adversely affect our reputation, could result in penalties or limitations on our ability to do business or engage in certain activities and could have other negative effects. in addition, a single event or issue may give rise to numerous and overlapping investigations and proceedings, including by multiple federal and state regulators and other governmental authorities.
we are also subject to laws and regulations relating to the privacy of the information of our customers, employees, counterparties and others, and any failure to comply with these laws and regulations could expose us to liability and/or reputational damage. as new privacy-related laws and regulations are implemented, the time and resources needed for us to comply with those laws and regulations, as well as our potential liability for non-compliance and our reporting obligations in the case of data breaches, may significantly increase.
while there have been significant revisions to the laws and regulations applicable to us that have been finalized in recent months, there are other rules to implement changes that have yet to be proposed or enacted by our regulators. the final timing, scope and impact of these changes to the regulatory framework applicable to financial institutions remains uncertain. for more information on the regulations to which we are subject and recent initiatives to reform financial institution regulation, see the "regulation and supervision" section in item 1.
we are subject to capital adequacy and liquidity standards, and if we fail to meet these standards our financial condition and operations would be adversely affected.
we are subject to several capital adequacy and liquidity standards. to the extent that we are unable to meet these standards, our ability to make distributions of capital will be limited and we may be subject to additional supervisory actions and limitations on our activities. see "regulation and supervision" in item 1 and the "capital and regulatory requirements" and "liquidity" sections in item 7, for further discussion of the regulations to which we are subject.
the parent company could be required to act as a "source of strength" to cbna, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
frb policy historically required bank holding companies to act as a source of financial and managerial strength to their subsidiary banks. the dodd-frank act codified this policy as a statutory requirement. this support may be required by the frb at times when we might otherwise determine not to provide it or when doing so is not otherwise in the interests of cfg or our stockholders or creditors, and may include one or more of the following:
the parent company may be compelled to contribute capital to cbna, including by engaging in a public offering to raise such capital. furthermore, any extensions of credit from the parent company to cbna that are included in cbna's capital would be subordinate in right of payment to depositors and certain other indebtedness of cbna.
in the event of a bank holding company's bankruptcy, any commitment that the bank holding company had been required to make to a federal bank regulatory agency to maintain the capital of a subsidiary bank will be assumed by the bankruptcy trustee and entitled to priority of payment.
in the event of impairment of the capital stock of cbna, the parent company, as cbna's stockholder, could be required to pay such deficiency.
citizens financial group, inc. | 32
the parent company depends on cbna for substantially all of its revenue, and restrictions on dividends and other distributions by cbna could affect its liquidity and ability to fulfill our obligations.
as a bank holding company, the parent company is a separate and distinct legal entity from cbna, our banking subsidiary. the parent company typically receives substantially all of our revenue from dividends from cbna. these dividends are the principal source of funds to pay dividends on our equity and interest and principal on our debt. various federal and/or state laws and regulations, as well as regulatory expectations, limit the amount of dividends that cbna may pay to the parent company. also, our right to participate in a distribution of assets upon a subsidiary's liquidation or reorganization is subject to the prior claims of the subsidiary's creditors. in the event cbna is unable to pay dividends to the parent company, it may not be able to service debt, pay obligations or pay dividends on its common stock. the inability to receive dividends from cbna could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. see the "supervision and regulation" section in item 1 and the "capital and regulatory matters" section in item 7.
from time-to-time, we may become or are subject to regulatory actions that may have a material impact on our business.
we may become or are involved, from time to time, in reviews, investigations and proceedings (both formal and informal) by governmental and self-regulatory agencies regarding our business. these regulatory actions involve, among other matters, accounting, compliance and operational matters, certain of which may result in adverse judgments, settlements, fines, penalties, injunctions or other relief that may require changes to our business or otherwise materially impact our business.
in regulatory actions, such as those referred to above, it is inherently difficult to determine whether any loss is probable or whether it is possible to reasonably estimate the amount of any loss. we cannot predict with certainty if, how or when such proceedings will be resolved or what the eventual fine, penalty or other relief, conditions or restrictions, if any, may be, particularly for actions that are in their early stages of investigation. the parent company may be required to make significant restitution payments to cbna customers arising from certain compliance issues and also may be required to pay civil money penalties in connection with certain of these issues. this uncertainty makes it difficult to estimate probable losses, which, in turn, can lead to substantial disparities between the reserves we may establish for such proceedings and the eventual settlements, fines, or penalties. adverse regulatory actions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we are and may be subject to litigation that may have a material impact on our business.
our operations are diverse and complex and we operate in legal and regulatory environments that expose us to potentially significant litigation risk. in the normal course of business, we have been named, from time to time, as a defendant in various legal actions, including arbitrations, class actions and other litigation, arising in connection with our activities as a financial services institution, including with respect to alleged unfair or deceptive business practices and mis-selling of certain products. certain of the actual or threatened legal actions include claims for substantial compensatory and/or punitive damages or claims for indeterminate amounts of damages. in some cases, the entities that would otherwise be the primary defendants in such cases are bankrupt or in financial distress. moreover, a number of recent judicial decisions have upheld the right of borrowers to sue lending institutions on the basis of various evolving legal theories, collectively termed "lender liability." generally, lender liability is founded on the premise that a lender has either violated a duty, whether implied or contractual, of good faith and fair dealing owed to the borrower or has assumed a degree of control over the borrower resulting in the creation of a fiduciary duty owed to the borrower or its other creditors or stockholders. this could increase the amount of private litigation to which we are subject. for more information regarding ongoing significant legal proceedings in which we may be involved, see note 18 in item 8.
compliance with anti-money laundering and anti-terrorism financing rules involves significant cost and effort.
we are subject to rules and regulations regarding money laundering and the financing of terrorism. monitoring compliance with anti-money laundering and anti-terrorism financing rules can put a significant financial burden on banks and other financial institutions and poses significant technical challenges. although we believe our current policies and procedures are sufficient to comply with applicable rules and regulations, we cannot guarantee that our anti-money laundering and anti-terrorism financing policies and procedures completely prevent situations of money laundering or terrorism financing. any such failure events may have severe citizens financial group, inc. | 33
consequences, including sanctions, fines and reputational consequences, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
risks related to our common stock our stock price may be volatile, and you could lose all or part of your investment as a result.
you should consider an investment in our common stock to be risky, and you should invest in our common stock only if you can withstand a significant loss and wide fluctuation in the market value of your investment. the market price of our common stock could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to, among other things, the factors described in this "risk factors" section, and other factors, some of which are beyond our control. these factors include:
quarterly variations in our results of operations or the quarterly financial results of companies perceived to be similar to us;
changes in expectations as to our future financial performance, including financial estimates by securities analysts and investors;
our announcements or our competitors' announcements regarding new products or services, enhancements, significant contracts, acquisitions or strategic investments;
fluctuations in the market valuations of companies perceived by investors to be comparable to us;
future sales of our common stock;
additions or departures of members of our senior management or other key personnel;
changes in industry conditions or perceptions; and
changes in applicable laws, rules or regulations and other dynamics.
furthermore, the stock markets have experienced price and volume fluctuations that have affected and continue to affect the market price of equity securities of many companies. these fluctuations have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of these companies. these broad market fluctuations, as well as general economic, systemic, political and market conditions, such as recessions, loss of investor confidence, interest rate changes or international currency fluctuations, may negatively affect the market price of our common stock.
if any of the foregoing occurs, it could cause our stock price to fall and may expose us to securities class action litigation that, even if unsuccessful, could be costly to defend and a distraction to management.
we may not repurchase shares or pay cash dividends on our common stock.
holders of our common stock are only entitled to receive such dividends as our board of directors may declare out of funds legally available for such payments. although we have historically declared cash dividends on our common stock, we are not required to do so and may reduce or eliminate our common stock dividend in the future. this could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. also, as a bank holding company, our ability to repurchase shares and declare and pay dividends is dependent on certain federal regulatory considerations, including the rules of the frb regarding capital adequacy and dividends. additionally, we are required to submit periodic capital plans to the frb for review, or otherwise obtain frb authorization, before we can take certain capital actions, including repurchasing shares, declaring and paying dividends, or repurchasing or redeeming capital securities. if our capital plan or any amendment to our capital plan is objected to for any reason, our ability to repurchase shares and declare and pay dividends on our capital stock may be limited. further, if we are unable to satisfy the capital requirements applicable to us for any reason, we may be limited in our ability to repurchase shares and declare and pay dividends on our capital stock. see the "regulation and supervision" section in item 1, for further discussion of the regulations to which we are subject.
"anti-takeover" provisions and the regulations to which we are subject may make it more difficult for a third party to acquire control of us, even if the change in control would be beneficial to stockholders.
we are a bank holding company incorporated in the state of delaware. anti-takeover provisions in delaware law and our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws, as well as regulatory approvals that would be required under federal law, could make it more difficult for a third party to take control of us and may prevent stockholders from receiving a premium for their shares of our common stock. these provisions could adversely affect the market price of our common stock and could reduce the amount that stockholders might get if we are sold.
citizens financial group, inc. | 34
we believe these provisions protect our stockholders from coercive or otherwise unfair takeover tactics by requiring potential acquirers to negotiate with our board and by providing our board with more time to assess any acquisition proposal. however, these provisions apply even if the offer may be determined to be beneficial by some stockholders and could delay or prevent an acquisition that our board determines is not in our best interest and that of our stockholders.
furthermore, banking laws impose notice, approval and ongoing regulatory requirements on any stockholder or other party that seeks to acquire direct or indirect "control" of an fdic-insured depository institution. these laws include the bank holding company act and the change in bank control act.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations page introduction                                                                         40
financial performance                                                                40
results of operations - 2020 compared with 2019                                      43
net interest income                                                                  43
noninterest income noninterest expense provision for credit losses income tax expense business operating segments results of operations - 2019 compared with 2018
analysis of financial condition securities loans and leases allowance for credit losses and nonaccruing loans and leases                         54
deposits borrowed funds quarterly results of operations                                                      64
capital and regulatory matters                                                       66
liquidity                                                                            71
contractual obligations                                                              74
off-balance sheet arrangements                                                       74
critical accounting estimates                                                        74
risk governance                                                                      78
market risk                                                                          80
non-gaap financial measures and reconciliations                                      88
citizens financial group, inc. | 39
introduction citizens financial group, inc. is one of the nation's oldest and largest financial institutions with $183.3 billion in assets as of december 31, 2020. our mission is to help customers, colleagues and communities each reach their potential by listening to them and understanding their needs in order to offer tailored advice, ideas and solutions. headquartered in providence, rhode island, we offer a broad range of retail and commercial banking products and services to individuals, small businesses, middle-market companies, large corporations and institutions. in consumer banking, we provide an integrated experience that includes mobile and online banking, a 24/7 customer contact center as well as the convenience of approximately 2,700 atms and 1,000 branches in 11 states in the new england, mid-atlantic, and midwest regions. consumer banking products and services include a full range of banking, lending, savings, wealth management and small business offerings. in commercial banking, we offer corporate, institutional and not-for-profit clients a full range of wholesale banking products and services including lending and deposits, capital markets, treasury services, foreign exchange and interest rate products, and asset finance. more information is available at www.citizensbank.com.
the following md&a is intended to assist readers in their analysis of the accompanying consolidated financial statements and supplemental financial information. it should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes to the consolidated financial statements in item 8, as well as other information contained in this document.
non-gaap financial measures this document contains non-gaap financial measures denoted as "underlying" results. underlying results for any given reporting period exclude certain items that may occur in that period which management does not consider indicative of our on-going financial performance. we believe these non-gaap financial measures provide useful information to investors because they are used by management to evaluate our operating performance and make day-to-day operating decisions. in addition, we believe our underlying results in any given reporting period reflect our on-going financial performance and increase comparability of period-to-period results, and, accordingly, are useful to consider in addition to our gaap financial results.
other companies may use similarly titled non-gaap financial measures that are calculated differently from the way we calculate such measures. accordingly, our non-gaap financial measures may not be comparable to similar measures used by such companies. we caution investors not to place undue reliance on such non-gaap financial measures, but to consider them with the most directly comparable gaap measures. non-gaap financial measures have limitations as analytical tools, and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for our results reported under gaap.
non-gaap measures are denoted throughout our md&a by the use of the term non-gaap or underlying and where there is a reference to non-gaap or underlying results in that paragraph, all measures that follow that reference are on the same basis when applicable. for more information on the computation of non-gaap financial measures, see "-non-gaap financial measures and reconciliations."
financial performance key highlights net income of $1.1 billion decreased 41% from 2019, with earnings per diluted common share of $2.22, down 42% from $3.81 per diluted common share for 2019. rotce of 6.9% declined from 12.6% in 2019. declining results continue to be driven by the covid-19 pandemic and its associated impact on our acl which, coupled with our adoption of cecl on january 1, 2020, resulted in a $923 million reserve build during 2020.
in 2020, results reflected a $83 million after-tax reduction, or $0.19 per diluted common share, from notable items, largely tied to top 6 transformational and revenue and efficiency initiatives. in 2019, we recorded $17 million after-tax, or $0.03 per diluted common share, of notable items tied to acquisition integration costs, costs related to strategic initiatives and income tax benefits associated with an operational restructure and legacy tax matters.
citizens financial group, inc. | 40
table 1: notable items year ended december 31, 2020
(in millions)                                     noninterest expense                                             income tax expense        net income reported results (gaap)                               $3,991                                                           $241               $1,057
less: notable items total integration costs                                   10                                                            (2)                  (8)
other notable items(1)                                   115                                                           (40)                 (75)
total notable items                                      125                                                           (42)                 (83)
underlying results (non-gaap)                         $3,866                                                           $283               $1,140
(1) other notable items include noninterest expense of $115 million related to our top 6 transformational and revenue and efficiency initiatives and an income tax benefit of $11 million related to an operational restructure and legacy tax matters.
year ended december 31, 2019
(in millions)                                     noninterest expense                                             income tax expense        net income reported results (gaap)                               $3,847                                                           $460               $1,791
less: notable items total integration costs                                   18                                                            (4)                 (14)
other notable items(1)                                    50                                                           (47)                  (3)
total notable items                                       68                                                           (51)                 (17)
underlying results (non-gaap)                         $3,779                                                           $511               $1,808
1) other notable items include noninterest expense of $50 million related to our top programs and other efficiency initiatives and an income tax benefit of $34 million related to an operational restructure and legacy tax matters.
net income available to common stockholders of $950 million decreased $768 million, or 45%, compared to $1.7 billion in 2019.
on an underlying basis, which excludes notable items, 2020 net income available to common stockholders of $1.0 billion compared with $1.7 billion in 2019.
on an underlying basis, eps of $2.41 per share compared to $3.84 in 2019.
total revenue of $6.9 billion increased $414 million, or 6%, from 2019, as a 24% increase in noninterest income, given record results across mortgage, capital markets and wealth, was partially offset by a 1% decrease in net interest income given lower rates.
net interest income of $4.6 billion reflected 8% growth in average interest-earning assets offset by the impact of the lower rate and challenging yield-curve environment.
net interest margin of 2.88% decreased 26 basis points from 3.14% in 2019, reflecting the impact of lower interest rates, partially offset by lower funding costs and improved funding mix, as well as continued mix shift towards higher yielding assets.
-net interest margin on a fully taxable-equivalent basis of 2.89% decreased by 27 basis points, compared to 3.16% in 2019.
-average loans and leases of $124.5 billion increased $6.6 billion, or 6%, from $117.9 billion in 2019, reflecting a $5.5 billion increase in commercial loans and leases primarily driven by $3.2 billion of ppp loans as well as a $1.1 billion increase in retail loans.
-period-end loan growth of $4.0 billion, or 3%, from 2019, reflected 6% growth in total commercial driven by ppp loans.
-average deposits of $138.7 billion increased $15.4 billion, or 13%, from $123.3 billion in 2019, as a result of government stimulus benefiting consumers and small businesses as well as commercial clients building liquidity given covid-19 disruption.
-period-end deposit growth of $21.9 billion, or 17%, from 2019, reflecting growth in demand deposits, money market accounts, savings and checking with interest, partially offset by a decrease in term deposits.
citizens financial group, inc. | 41
noninterest income of $2.3 billion increased $442 million, or 24%, from 2019, driven by mortgage banking and capital markets fees, partially offset by lower service charges and fees, card fees, foreign exchange and interest rate products revenue, securities gains and other income.
noninterest expense of $4.0 billion increased $144 million, or 4%, from $3.8 billion in 2019, driven by higher salaries and employee benefits reflecting strong mortgage production; outside services tied to growth initiatives; and equipment and software expense given continued investments in technology; partially offset by lower other operating expense given lower travel, pension and advertising expenses.
on an underlying basis, noninterest expense increased 2% from 2019.
the efficiency ratio of 57.8% compared to 59.3% in 2019, and rotce of 6.9% compared to 12.6%.
on an underlying basis, the efficiency ratio of 56.0% compared to 58.2% in 2019 and rotce of 7.5% compared to 12.8%, given the implementation of cecl and reserve increases tied to covid-19 impacts.
provision for credit losses of $1.6 billion increased $1.2 billion from $393 million in 2019, reflecting our adoption of cecl and its reliance on forecasts of expected future losses, combined with the approximate $923 million impact from covid-19 and associated lockdowns and a sudden rise in unemployment and drop in gdp.
tangible book value per common of $32.72 increased 2% from 2019. fully diluted average common shares outstanding decreased 23.1 million shares, or 5% over the same period.
citizens financial group, inc. | 42
results of operations - 2020 compared with 2019
net interest income net interest income is our largest source of revenue and is the difference between the interest earned on interest-earning assets (generally loans, leases and investment securities) and the interest expense incurred in connection with interest-bearing liabilities (generally deposits and borrowed funds). the level of net interest income is primarily a function of the difference between the effective yield on our average interest-earning assets and the effective cost of our interest-bearing liabilities. these factors are influenced by the pricing and mix of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities which, in turn, are impacted by external factors such as local economic conditions, competition for loans and deposits, the monetary policy of the frb and market interest rates. for further discussion, refer to "-market risk - non-trading risk," and "-risk governance."
citizens financial group, inc. | 43
table 2: major components of net interest income year ended december 31,
2020                                                                                                                                                                                        2019                                                   change
(dollars in millions)                                                      averagebalances          income/expense         yields/rates                     averagebalances       income/expense         yields/rates                     averagebalances           yields/
rates (bps)
assets interest-bearing cash and due from banks and deposits in banks              $6,175                     $11                  0.18      %                      $1,544                   $30                 1.94      %                      $4,631                 (176) bps taxable investment securities                                               25,160                     519                  2.06                             25,425                   642                 2.51                              (265)                      (45)
non-taxable investment securities                                                4                       -                  2.60                                  5                     -                 2.60                                (1)                         -
total investment securities                                                 25,164                     519                  2.06                             25,430                   642                 2.51                              (266)                      (45)
commercial and industrial                                                   46,255                   1,582                  3.36                             41,702                 1,797                 4.25                              4,553                      (89)
commercial real estate                                                      14,452                     438                  2.98                             13,160                   628                 4.71                              1,292                     (173)
leases                                                                       2,365                      64                  2.71                              2,694                    77                 2.84                              (329)                      (13)
total commercial                                                            63,072                   2,084                  3.25                             57,556                 2,502                 4.29                              5,516                     (104)
residential mortgages                                                       19,178                     618                  3.22                             19,308                   687                 3.56                              (130)                      (34)
home equity                                                                 12,607                     461                  3.66                             13,645                   700                 5.13                            (1,038)                     (147)
automobile                                                                  12,064                     517                  4.29                             12,047                   506                 4.20                                 17                         9
education                                                                   11,165                     560                  5.02                              9,415                   555                 5.89                              1,750                      (87)
other retail                                                                 6,458                     479                  7.41                              5,929                   491                 8.27                                529                      (86)
total retail                                                                61,472                   2,635                  4.29                             60,344                 2,939                 4.87                              1,128                      (58)
total loans and leases (1)                                                 124,544                   4,719                  3.76                            117,900                 5,441                 4.59                              6,644                      (83)
loans held for sale, at fair value                                           2,772                      75                  2.72                              1,689                    63                 3.74                              1,083                     (102)
other loans held for sale                                                      620                      33                  5.22                                251                    13                 5.10                                369                        12
interest-earning assets                                                    159,275                   5,357                  3.35                            146,814                 6,189                 4.19                             12,461                      (84)
allowance for loan and lease losses                                        (2,218)                                                                          (1,244)                                                                         (974)
goodwill                                                                     7,049                                                                            7,036                                                                            13
other noninterest-earning assets                                            12,336                                                                            9,570                                                                         2,766
total assets                                                              $176,442                                                                         $162,176                                                                       $14,266
liabilities and stockholders' equity checking with interest                                                     $26,002                     $64                  0.24      %                     $23,470                  $203                 0.87      %                      $2,532                  (63) bps money market accounts                                                       44,732                     192                  0.43                             36,613                   450                 1.23                              8,119                      (80)
regular savings                                                             16,144                      50                  0.31                             13,247                    75                 0.57                              2,897                      (26)
term deposits                                                               14,309                     203                  1.42                             21,035                   427                 2.03                            (6,726)                      (61)
total interest-bearing deposits                                            101,187                     509                  0.50                             94,365                 1,155                 1.22                              6,822                      (72)
short-term borrowed funds                                                      334                       2                  0.52                                665                    10                 1.47                              (331)                      (95)
long-term borrowed funds                                                    10,853                     260                  2.39                             13,014                   410                 3.14                            (2,161)                      (75)
total borrowed funds                                                        11,187                     262                  2.33                             13,679                   420                 3.06                            (2,492)                      (73)
total interest-bearing liabilities                                         112,374                     771                  0.69                            108,044                 1,575                 1.46                              4,330                      (77)
demand deposits                                                             37,553                                                                           28,936                                                                         8,617
other liabilities                                                            4,280                                                                            3,683                                                                           597
total liabilities                                                          154,207                                                                          140,663                                                                        13,544
stockholders' equity                                                        22,235                                                                           21,513                                                                           722
total liabilities and stockholders' equity                                $176,442                                                                         $162,176                                                                       $14,266
interest rate spread                                                                                                        2.66      %                                                                   2.73      %                                                   (7)
net interest income and net interest margin                                                         $4,586                  2.88      %                                            $4,614                 3.14      %                                                  (26)
net interest income and net interest margin, fte(2)                                                 $4,599                  2.89      %                                            $4,635                 3.16      %                                                  (27)
memo: total deposits (interest-bearing and demand)                        $138,740                    $509                  0.37      %                    $123,301                $1,155                 0.94      %                     $15,439                  (57) bps
(1)  interest income and rates on loans include loan fees. additionally, $1.0 billion and $728 million of average nonaccrual loans were included in the average loan balances used to determine the average yield on loans for december 2020 and 2019, respectively.
(2) net interest income and net interest margin is presented on a fully taxable-equivalent ("fte") basis using the federal statutory tax rate of 21%. the fte impact is predominantly attributable to commercial and industrial loans for the periods presented.
net interest income of $4.6 billion decreased $28 million, reflecting 8% average interest-earning asset growth, including the addition of ppp loans, and improvements in funding mix and deposit pricing that were more than offset by a 26 basis point decrease in net interest margin given the lower rate and challenging yield curve environment.
net interest margin on an fte basis of 2.89% decreased 27 basis points compared to 3.16% in 2019, primarily reflecting the impact of lower interest rates and elevated cash balances given strong deposit flows (elevated cash balances drove 8 basis points of the decline), partially offset by improved funding mix and deposit citizens financial group, inc. | 44
pricing. average interest-earning asset yields of 3.35% decreased 84 basis points from 4.19% in 2019, while average interest-bearing liability costs of 0.69% decreased 77 basis points from 1.46% in 2019, reflecting strong pricing discipline.
average interest-earning assets of $159.3 billion increased $12.5 billion, or 8%, from 2019, driven by a $5.5 billion increase in average commercial loans, a $4.4 billion increase in total investment securities and interest-bearing cash and due from banks and deposits in banks, a $1.5 billion increase in average total loans held for sale and a $1.1 billion increase in average retail loans. commercial growth was driven by commercial and industrial (primarily ppp loans) and commercial real estate. retail growth was driven by education and other retail, partially offset by home equity.
average deposits of $138.7 billion increased $15.4 billion from 2019, as a result of government stimulus benefiting consumers and small businesses and clients building liquidity given covid-19 disruption. increases in demand deposits, money market accounts, savings, and checking with interest, were partially offset by a decrease in term deposits. total interest-bearing deposit costs of $509 million decreased $646 million, or 56%, from $1.2 billion in 2019, primarily due to a lower rate environment and strong pricing discipline.
average total borrowed funds of $11.2 billion decreased $2.5 billion from 2019 as strong deposit flows allowed for significantly lower levels of borrowings, with fhlb advances near zero at period-end and a reduction in senior and subordinated debt. total borrowed funds costs of $262 million decreased $158 million from 2019. the total borrowed funds cost of 2.33% decreased 73 basis points from 3.06% in 2019 due to the impact of covid-19 on the rate environment.
table 3: changes in net interest income due to average volume and average rate year ended december 31,
2020 versus 2019
(in millions)                                                                                    average volume(1)         average rate(1)        net change interest income interest-bearing cash and due from banks and deposits in banks                                 $90                          ($109)               ($19)
taxable investment securities                                                                  (7)                           (116)               (123)
total investment securities                                                                    (7)                           (116)               (123)
commercial and industrial                                                                      194                           (409)               (215)
commercial real estate                                                                          61                           (251)               (190)
leases                                                                                         (9)                             (4)                (13)
total commercial                                                                               246                           (664)               (418)
residential mortgages                                                                          (5)                            (64)                (69)
home equity                                                                                   (52)                           (187)               (239)
automobile                                                                                       1                              10                  11
education                                                                                      103                            (98)                   5
other retail                                                                                    44                            (56)                (12)
total retail                                                                                    91                           (395)               (304)
total loans and leases                                                                         337                         (1,059)               (722)
loans held for sale, at fair value                                                              41                            (29)                  12
other loans held for sale                                                                       19                               1                  20
total interest income                                                                         $480                        ($1,312)              ($832)
interest expense checking with interest                                                                         $22                          ($161)              ($139)
money market accounts                                                                          100                           (358)               (258)
regular savings                                                                                 16                            (41)                (25)
term deposits                                                                                (136)                            (88)               (224)
total interest-bearing deposits                                                                  2                           (648)               (646)
short-term borrowed funds                                                                      (5)                             (3)                 (8)
long-term borrowed funds                                                                      (56)                            (94)               (150)
total borrowed funds                                                                          (61)                            (97)               (158)
total interest expense                                                                        (59)                           (745)               (804)
net interest income                                                                           $539                          ($567)               ($28)
(1) volume and rate changes have been allocated on a consistent basis using the respective percentage changes in average balances and average rates.
citizens financial group, inc. | 45
noninterest income table 4: noninterest income year ended december 31,
(in millions)                                                2020                            2019                  change                 percent mortgage banking fees                                   $915                            $302                    $613                     203    %
service charges and fees                                 403                             505                   (102)                    (20)
capital markets fees                                     250                             216                      34                      16
card fees                                                217                             254                    (37)                    (15)
trust and investment services fees                       203                             202                       1                       -
letter of credit and loan fees                           140                             135                       5                       4
foreign exchange and interest rate products              120                             155                    (35)                    (23)
securities gains, net                                      4                              19                    (15)                    (79)
other income(1)                                           67                              89                    (22)                    (25)
noninterest income                                    $2,319                          $1,877                    $442                      24    %
(1) includes bank-owned life insurance income and other income for all periods presented, and net impairment losses recognized in earnings on available for sale debt securities for the 2019 period.
noninterest income of $2.3 billion increased $442 million, or 24%, from 2019, reflecting increased mortgage banking fees due to higher origination volumes and gain on sale margins, and capital markets fees. these results were partially offset by lower service charges and fees and card fees as well as lower foreign exchange and interest rate products revenue, reflecting challenging market conditions. results also reflected decreased securities gains and other income given lower leasing income and lower gains related to asset dispositions, partially offset by gain on sale of education loans.
citizens financial group, inc. | 46
noninterest expense table 5: noninterest expense year ended december 31,
(in millions)                                    2020                            2019                  change                 percent salaries and employee benefits            $2,123                          $2,026                     $97                       5    %
equipment and software expense               565                             514                      51                      10
outside services                             553                             498                      55                      11
occupancy                                    331                             333                     (2)                     (1)
other operating expense                      419                             476                    (57)                    (12)
noninterest expense                       $3,991                          $3,847                    $144                       4    %
noninterest expense of $4.0 billion in 2020 increased $144 million, or 4%, compared to 2019, reflecting higher salaries and employee benefits, reflecting strong mortgage production, outside services, tied to growth initiatives, and an increase in equipment and software expense, given continued investments in technology. these results were partially offset by lower other operating expense given a decline in travel, pension, and advertising expenses. underlying noninterest expense increased $87 million, or 2%, due to the reasons listed above.
citizens financial group, inc. | 47
provision for credit losses the provision for credit losses is the result of a detailed analysis performed to estimate our acl. the total provision for credit losses includes the provision for loan and lease losses and the provision for unfunded commitments. refer to "-analysis of financial condition - allowance for credit losses and nonaccruing loans and leases" for more information.
provision for credit losses of $1.6 billion included a $923 million reserve build primarily associated with the impact of the covid-19 pandemic and associated lockdowns on our loan portfolio, which resulted in a sudden rise in unemployment and drop in gdp. net charge-offs of $693 million increased $263 million from 2019, which reflected charge-offs in our commercial portfolio concentrated in certain sub-categories, including retail real estate, metals and mining, energy and related, and casual dining, as well as the impact of continued seasoning in retail growth portfolios, and loan growth.
income tax expense income tax expense of $241 million decreased $219 million from $460 million in 2019. the 2020 effective tax rate of 18.5% decreased from 20.4% in 2019, driven by the increased benefit of tax-advantaged investments on lower pre-tax income. an underlying effective tax rate of 19.9% in 2020 compared to 22.0% in 2019.
citizens financial group, inc. | 48
business operating segments we have two business operating segments: consumer banking and commercial banking. segment results are derived by specifically attributing managed assets, liabilities, capital and related revenues, provision for credit losses, which, at the segment level, is equal to net charge-offs, and other expenses. the residual difference between the consolidated provision for credit losses and the business operating segments' net charge-offs is reflected in other.
non-segment operations are classified as other, which includes corporate functions, the treasury function, the securities portfolio, wholesale funding activities, intangible assets not directly allocated to a business operating segment, community development, non-core assets, and other unallocated assets, liabilities, capital, revenues, provision for credit losses, expenses and income tax expense. in addition, other includes goodwill not directly allocated to a business operating segment and any associated goodwill impairment charges. for impairment testing purposes, we allocate all goodwill to our consumer banking and/or commercial banking reporting units.
our capital levels are evaluated and managed centrally; however, capital is allocated on a risk-adjusted basis to the business operating segments to support evaluation of business performance. because funding and asset liability management is a central function, funds transfer-pricing ("ftp") methodologies are utilized to allocate a cost of funds used, or credit for the funds provided, to all business operating segment assets, liabilities and capital, respectively, using a matched-funding concept. the residual effect on net interest income of asset/liability management, including the residual net interest income related to the ftp process, is included in other. we periodically evaluate and refine our methodologies used to measure financial performance of our business operating segments.
noninterest income and expense are directly attributed to each business operating segment, including fees, service charges, salaries and benefits, and other direct revenues and costs and are respectively accounted for in a manner similar to our consolidated financial statements. occupancy costs are allocated based on utilization of facilities by each business operating segment. noninterest expenses incurred by centrally managed operations or business operating segments that directly support another business operating segment's operations are charged to the applicable business operating segment based on its utilization of those services.
income tax expense is assessed to each business operating segment at a standard tax rate with the residual tax expense or benefit to arrive at the consolidated effective tax rate included in other.
developing and applying methodologies used to allocate items among the business operating segments is a dynamic process. accordingly, financial results may be revised periodically as management systems are enhanced, methods of evaluating performance or product lines are updated, or our organizational structure changes.
citizens financial group, inc. | 49
the following table presents certain financial data of our business operating segments. total business operating segment financial results differ from total consolidated net income. these differences are reflected in other non-segment operations. see note 25 in item 8 for further information.
table 6: selected financial data for business operating segments as of and for the year ended december 31,                               as of and for the year ended december 31,
2020                                                                                                                      2019                          2020                                      2019
(dollars in millions)                                                                                         consumer banking                                                      commercial banking net interest income                                              $3,311                                          $3,182                        $1,643                                    $1,466
noninterest income                                                1,655                                           1,156                           595                                       607
total revenue                                                     4,966                                           4,338                         2,238                                     2,073
noninterest expense                                               2,964                                           2,851                           860                                       858
profit before provision for credit losses                         2,002                                           1,487                         1,378                                     1,215
net charge-offs                                                     288                                             325                           398                                        97
income before income tax expense                                  1,714                                           1,162                           980                                     1,118
income tax expense                                                  429                                             287                           206                                       248
net income                                                       $1,285                                            $875                          $774                                      $870
average balances:
total assets                                                    $72,022                                         $66,240                       $60,839                                   $55,947
total loans and leases(1)(2)                                     68,237                                          63,396                        57,935                                    54,355
deposits                                                         91,541                                          84,835                        40,417                                    31,085
interest-earning assets                                          68,535                                          63,449                        58,334                                    54,666
(1) includes lhfs.
(2) the majority of ppp loans are reflected in consumer banking in accordance with how they are managed.
consumer banking net interest income increased $129 million, or 4%, from 2019, driven by the benefit of a $4.8 billion increase in average loans led by education, other retail and the impact of the ppp loan program, partially offset by lower deposit margins driven by the low rate environment. noninterest income increased $499 million, or 43%, from 2019, driven by mortgage banking fees (reflecting strong origination volumes and gain on sale margins) and other income (gain on sale of education loans), partially offset by lower service charges and fees (higher deposit balances and lower transaction volumes) and card fees (lower transaction volumes). noninterest expense increased $113 million, or 4%, from 2019, reflecting higher salaries and employee benefits costs tied to higher mortgage origination volumes and ppp loans. net charge-offs of $288 million decreased $37 million, or 11%, reflecting the impact of loan forbearance programs.
commercial banking net interest income of $1.6 billion decreased $177 million, or 12%, from 2019, primarily due to the low rate environment, partially offset by higher loan and lower-costing deposit volume. noninterest income of $595 million decreased $12 million, or 2%, from $607 million in 2019, as higher capital markets fees were offset by a decrease in other income and foreign exchange and interest rate products. noninterest expense of $860 million increased $2 million, from $858 million in 2019, driven by higher salaries and employee benefits, partially offset by lower travel costs. net charge-offs of $398 million increased $301 million from 2019, driven by the impact of covid-19 and associated lockdowns, primarily in the retail real estate, metals and mining, energy and related, and casual dining industries.
results of operations - 2019 compared with 2018
for a description of our results of operations for 2019, see the "results of operations - 2019 compared with 2018" section of item 7 in our 2019 form 10-k.
citizens financial group, inc. | 50
analysis of financial condition securities table 7: amortized cost and fair value of afs and htm securities december 31, 2020                                     december 31, 2019                            december 31, 2018
(in millions)                                                              amortized        fair value                           amortized        fair value                  amortized        fair value cost                                                  cost                                         cost u.s. treasury and other                                                    $11               $11                                 $71               $71                        $24               $24
state and political subdivisions                                             3                 3                                   5                 5                          5                 5
mortgage-backed securities, at fair value:
federal agencies and u.s. government sponsored entities                 21,954            22,506                              19,803            19,875                     20,211            19,634
other/non-agency                                                           396               422                                 638               662                        236               232
total mortgage-backed securities, at fair value                         22,350            22,928                              20,441            20,537                     20,447            19,866
total debt securities available for sale, at fair value                $22,364           $22,942                             $20,517           $20,613                    $20,476           $19,895
mortgage-backed securities, at cost:
federal agencies and u.s. government sponsored entities                 $2,342            $2,464                              $3,202            $3,242                     $3,425            $3,293
other/non-agency                                                             -                 -                                   -                 -                        740               748
total mortgage-backed securities, at cost                               $2,342            $2,464                              $3,202            $3,242                     $4,165            $4,041
asset-backed securities, at cost                                          $893              $893                                  $-                $-                         $-                $-
total debt securities held to maturity                                  $3,235            $3,357                              $3,202            $3,242                     $4,165            $4,041
total debt securities available for sale and held to maturity          $25,599           $26,299                             $23,719           $23,855                    $24,641           $23,936
equity securities, at fair value                                           $66               $66                                 $47               $47                       $181              $181
equity securities, at cost                                                 604               604                                 807               807                        834               834
our securities portfolio is managed to maintain prudent levels of liquidity, credit quality and market risk while achieving appropriate returns that align with our overall portfolio management strategy. the portfolio includes high quality, highly liquid investments reflecting our ongoing commitment to appropriate contingent liquidity levels and pledging capacity. u.s. government-guaranteed notes and gse-issued mortgage-backed securities represent 95% of the fair value of our debt securities portfolio holdings. holdings backed by mortgages dominate our portfolio and facilitate our ability to pledge those securities to the fhlb for collateral purposes.
the fair value of the afs debt securities portfolio of $22.9 billion at december 31, 2020 increased $2.3 billion from $20.6 billion at december 31, 2019 largely reflecting an increase of $1.8 billion related to reinvestment timing and a $482 million increase in value from lower long-term rates. the fair value of the htm debt securities portfolio decreased $115 million largely reflecting portfolio runoff, partially offset by the reclass of certain abs. in september 2020, we purchased $813 million of asset-backed securities, which were recorded as afs; however, in october 2020, management transferred these securities to htm after concluding to hold these securities through maturity. for further information, see note 1 in item 8.
as of december 31, 2020, the portfolio's average effective duration was 2.7 years compared with 3.7 years as of december 31, 2019, as lower long-term rates drove an increase in both actual and projected securities prepayment speeds. we manage our securities portfolio duration and convexity risk through asset selection and securities structure, and maintain duration levels within our risk appetite in the context of the broader interest rate risk in the banking book framework and limits.
citizens financial group, inc. | 51
table 8: amortized cost and fair value of afs and htm securities by contractual maturity as of december 31, 2020
distribution of maturities(1)
(dollars in millions)                                          due in 1 year or less         due after 1             due after 5                      due after 10           total through 5               through 10                              years years                   years amortized cost:
u.s. treasury and other                                        $11                           $-                      $-                                 $-                 $11
state and political subdivisions                               -                             -                       -               3                                       3
mortgage-backed securities:
federal agencies and u.s. government sponsored entities        1                   127                               1,616                          20,210              21,954
other/non-agency                                               -                             -                       -               396                                   396
total debt securities available for sale                       12                  127                               1,616                          20,609              22,364
mortgage-backed securities:
federal agencies and u.s. government sponsored entities        -                             -                       -                               2,342               2,342
asset-backed securities                                        -                             -               893                                         -                 893
total debt securities held to maturity                         -                             -               893                                     2,342               3,235
total amortized cost of debt securities (2)                    $12                           $127                    $2,509                        $22,951             $25,599
weighted-average yield (3)(4)                                  0.63                %         2.16            %       2.48            %                2.27       %        2.29   %
(1) expected maturities may differ from contractual maturities because issuers may have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without incurring penalties.
(2) as of december 31, 2020, no investment exceeded 10% of stockholders' equity.
(3) yields on tax-exempt securities are not computed on a tax-equivalent basis.
(4) yields exclude the impact of hedging activity.
loans and leases table 9: composition of loans and leases, excluding lhfs december 31,                                  changes from 2020-2019
(in millions)                                          2020   2019                                  2018                                  2017                      2016                                                           $              %
commercial and industrial (1) (2)             $44,173                               $41,479                               $40,857                      $37,562                   $37,274                  $2,694                             6    %
commercial real estate                         14,652                                13,522                                13,023                       11,308                    10,624                   1,130                             8
leases                                          1,968                                 2,537                                 2,903                        3,161                     3,753                   (569)                          (22)
total commercial (1)                           60,793                                57,538                                56,783                       52,031                    51,651                   3,255                             6
residential mortgages                          19,539                                19,083                                18,978                       17,045                    15,115                     456                             2
home equity (3)                                12,149                                13,154                                14,286                       15,566                    16,927                 (1,005)                           (8)
automobile                                     12,153                                12,120                                12,106                       13,204                    13,938                      33                             -
education                                      12,308                                10,347                                 8,900                        8,134                     6,610                   1,961                            19
other retail (4)                                6,148                                 6,846                                 5,607                        4,637                     3,428                   (698)                          (10)
total retail                                   62,297                                61,550                                59,877                       58,586                    56,018                     747                             1
total loans and leases                       $123,090                              $119,088                              $116,660                     $110,617                  $107,669                  $4,002                             3    %
(1) the commercial loan class has been renamed commercial and industrial, and the commercial loans and leases loan segment has been renamed commercial.
(2) the december 31, 2020 commercial and industrial balance included ppp loans fully guaranteed by the sba.
(3) beginning in the first quarter of 2020, home equity loans, home equity lines of credit, home equity loans serviced by others and home equity lines of credit serviced by others are included in home equity. prior periods have been adjusted to conform with the current period presentation.
(4) beginning in the first quarter of 2020, credit card and other retail are included in other retail. prior periods have been adjusted to conform with the current period presentation.
total loans and leases increased $4.0 billion, or 3%, from $119.1 billion as of december 31, 2019, largely driven by commercial ppp loans to small business customers. growth in retail loans, driven by education, was muted in part by the sale of education loans in september and december 2020 amounting to $1.1 billion, inclusive of accrued interest, capitalized interest and fees, and a decline in home equity and other retail. for further information, see note 10 in item 8.
ppp loans to small business customers totaled approximately $4.7 billion for the quarters ended june 30, 2020 and september 30, 2020, and $4.2 billion as of december 31, 2020. average ppp loans totaled approximately $3.4 billion, $4.7 billion and $4.5 billion for the quarters ended june 30, 2020, september 30, 2020, and december 31, 2020, respectively. there were no outstanding ppp loans as of and during the quarter ended march 31, 2020.
citizens financial group, inc. | 52
as of december 31, 2020, under our covid-19-related forbearance programs, that are guided by the cares act as well as banking regulator interagency guidance, we have deferred payments on:
approximately $1.4 billion, or 2.3%, of our retail portfolio, for which the weighted average fico score is 711
94% of customers that exited forbearance are current on payments
although not required, approximately 42% of our residential mortgage borrowers have made payment while in active forbearance, and the weighted average loan-to-value of the $700 million in residential mortgage loans in active forbearance is 62%.
approximately $343 million, or 0.6%, of our commercial portfolio, including approximately $53 million, or 1.0%, of our small business portfolio.
the vast majority of these deferrals are not classified as tdrs.
table 10: maturities and sensitivities of loans and leases to changes in interest rates december 31, 2020
(in millions)                                                              due in 1 year or less       due after 1 year through 5 years       due after 5 years        total loans and leases commercial and industrial                                                       $7,678                             $31,390                       $5,105                     $44,173
commercial real estate                                                           3,710                               9,951                          991                      14,652
leases                                                                             460                               1,208                          300                       1,968
total commercial                                                                11,848                              42,549                        6,396                      60,793
residential mortgages                                                            1,033                               2,247                       16,259                      19,539
home equity                                                                     10,179                                 258                        1,712                      12,149
automobile                                                                         170                               6,801                        5,182                      12,153
education                                                                           17                               1,346                       10,945                      12,308
other retail                                                                     2,196                               3,713                          239                       6,148
total retail                                                                    13,595                              14,365                       34,337                      62,297
total loans and leases                                                         $25,443                             $56,914                      $40,733                    $123,090
loans and leases due after one year at fixed interest rates                                                        $22,848                      $22,730                     $45,578
loans and leases due after one year at variable interest rates                                                      34,066                       18,003                      52,069
loan and lease concentrations at december 31, 2020, we did not identify any concentration of loans and leases exceeding 10% of total loans and leases that were not otherwise disclosed as a category of loans and leases. for further information on how we manage concentration exposures, see note 5 in item 8.
citizens financial group, inc. | 53
allowance for credit losses and nonaccruing loans and leases the acl, which consists of an alll and a reserve for unfunded lending commitments, is created through charges to the provision for credit losses in order to provide appropriate reserves to absorb future estimated credit losses in accordance with gaap. for further information on our processes to determine our acl, see "-critical accounting estimates - allowance for credit losses," and note 5 in item 8.
summary of loan and lease loss experience table 11: summary of changes in alll and reserve for unfunded commitments as of and for the year ended december 31,
(dollars in millions)                                                             2020                            2019                            2018                            2017                            2016
allowance for loan and lease losses - beginning:
commercial and industrial                                                    $548                            $530                            $541                            $516                            $376
commercial real estate                                                        107                             138                             121                              99                             111
leases                                                                         19                              22                              23                              48                              23
qualitative                                                                     -                               -                               -                               -                              86
total commercial                                                              674                             690                             685                             663                             596
residential mortgages                                                          35                              36                              44                              55                              46
home equity                                                                    83                             108                             122                             182                             203
automobile                                                                    123                             127                             139                             127                             106
education                                                                     116                             101                             120                             102                              96
other retail                                                                  221                             180                             126                             107                              88
qualitative                                                                     -                               -                               -                               -                              81
total retail                                                                  578                             552                             551                             573                             620
total allowance for loan and lease losses - beginning                      $1,252                          $1,242                          $1,236                          $1,236                          $1,216
cumulative effect of change in accounting principle:
commercial and industrial                                                  ($197)                              $-                              $-                              $-                              $-
commercial real estate                                                       (57)                               -                               -                               -                               -
leases                                                                         78                               -                               -                               -                               -
total commercial                                                            (176)                               -                               -                               -                               -
residential mortgages                                                          95                               -                               -                               -                               -
home equity                                                                    74                               -                               -                               -                               -
automobile                                                                     82                               -                               -                               -                               -
education                                                                     298                               -                               -                               -                               -
other retail                                                                   80                               -                               -                               -                               -
total retail loans                                                            629                               -                               -                               -                               -
cumulative effect of change in accounting principle                          $453                              $-                              $-                              $-                              $-
allowance for loan and lease losses - beginning, adjusted:
commercial and industrial                                                    $351                            $530                            $541                            $516                            $376
commercial real estate                                                         50                             138                             121                              99                             111
leases                                                                         97                              22                              23                              48                              23
qualitative                                                                     -                               -                               -                               -                              86
total commercial                                                              498                             690                             685                             663                             596
residential mortgages                                                         130                              36                              44                              55                              46
home equity                                                                   157                             108                             122                             182                             203
automobile                                                                    205                             127                             139                             127                             106
education                                                                     414                             101                             120                             102                              96
other retail                                                                  301                             180                             126                             107                              88
qualitative                                                                     -                               -                               -                               -                              81
total retail loans                                                          1,207                             552                             551                             573                             620
total allowance for loan and lease losses - beginning, adjusted            $1,705                          $1,242                          $1,236                          $1,236                          $1,216
citizens financial group, inc. | 54
table 11: summary of changes in alll and reserve for unfunded commitments as of and for the year ended december 31,
(dollars in millions)                                                 2020                            2019                            2018                            2017                            2016
gross charge-offs:
commercial and industrial                                      ($247)                           ($87)                           ($48)                           ($62)                           ($56)
commercial real estate                                          (112)                            (39)                             (4)                            (13)                            (14)
leases                                                           (78)                            (14)                               -                               -                             (9)
total commercial                                                (437)                           (140)                            (52)                            (75)                            (79)
residential mortgages                                             (7)                             (8)                             (8)                            (11)                            (21)
home equity                                                      (25)                            (39)                            (45)                            (65)                           (109)
automobile                                                      (114)                           (143)                           (158)                           (181)                           (160)
education                                                        (51)                            (72)                            (68)                            (59)                            (52)
other retail                                                    (209)                           (213)                           (163)                           (121)                           (115)
total retail                                                    (406)                           (475)                           (442)                           (437)                           (457)
total gross charge-offs                                        ($843)                          ($615)                          ($494)                          ($512)                          ($536)
gross recoveries:
commercial and industrial                                         $11                             $24                             $15                             $37                             $21
commercial real estate                                              1                               -                               4                               3                              12
total commercial                                                   12                              24                              19                              40                              33
residential mortgages                                               6                               9                               5                               6                               9
home equity                                                        38                              49                              49                              54                              61
automobile                                                         51                              57                              67                              73                              65
education                                                          16                              16                              16                              15                              11
other retail                                                       27                              30                              21                              19                              22
total retail                                                      138                             161                             158                             167                             168
total gross recoveries                                           $150                            $185                            $177                            $207                            $201
net (charge-offs)/recoveries:
commercial and industrial                                      ($236)                           ($63)                           ($33)                           ($25)                           ($35)
commercial real estate                                          (111)                            (39)                               -                            (10)                             (2)
leases                                                           (78)                            (14)                               -                               -                             (9)
total commercial                                                (425)                           (116)                            (33)                            (35)                            (46)
residential mortgages                                             (1)                               1                             (3)                             (5)                            (12)
home equity                                                        13                              10                               4                            (11)                            (48)
automobile                                                       (63)                            (86)                            (91)                           (108)                            (95)
education                                                        (35)                            (56)                            (52)                            (44)                            (41)
other retail                                                    (182)                           (183)                           (142)                           (102)                            (93)
total retail                                                    (268)                           (314)                           (284)                           (270)                           (289)
total net charge-offs                                          ($693)                          ($430)                          ($317)                          ($305)                          ($335)
ratio of net charge-offs to average loans and leases            (0.56   %)                      (0.36   %)                      (0.28   %)                      (0.28   %)                      (0.32   %)
provision for loan and lease losses:
commercial and industrial                                        $706                             $81                             $22                             $50                            $117
commercial real estate                                            421                               8                              17                              32                            (17)
leases                                                             33                              11                             (1)                            (25)                              34
qualitative                                                         -                               -                               -                               -                            (21)
total commercial                                                1,160                             100                              38                              57                             113
residential mortgages                                              12                             (2)                             (5)                             (6)                               8
home equity                                                      (36)                            (35)                            (18)                            (49)                             (8)
automobile                                                         58                              82                              79                             120                              99
education                                                        (18)                              71                              33                              62                              21
other retail                                                      255                             224                             196                             121                              95
qualitative                                                         -                               -                               -                               -                              27
total retail                                                      271                             340                             285                             248                             242
total provision for loan and lease losses                      $1,431                            $440                            $323                            $305                            $355
citizens financial group, inc. | 55
table 11: summary of changes in alll and reserve for unfunded commitments as of and for the year ended december 31,
(dollars in millions)                                                 2020                            2019                            2018                            2017                            2016
total allowance for loan and lease losses - ending:
commercial and industrial                                        $821                            $548                            $530                            $541                            $458
commercial real estate                                            360                             107                             138                             121                              92
leases                                                             52                              19                              22                              23                              48
qualitative                                                         -                               -                               -                               -                              65
total commercial                                                1,233                             674                             690                             685                             663
residential mortgages                                             141                              35                              36                              44                              42
home equity                                                       134                              83                             108                             122                             147
automobile                                                        200                             123                             127                             139                             110
education                                                         361                             116                             101                             120                              76
other retail                                                      374                             221                             180                             126                              90
qualitative                                                         -                               -                               -                               -                             108
total retail                                                    1,210                             578                             552                             551                             573
total allowance for loan and lease losses - ending             $2,443                          $1,252                          $1,242                          $1,236                          $1,236
reserve for unfunded lending commitments - beginning              $44                             $91                             $88                             $72                             $58
cumulative effect of change in accounting principle               (2)                               -                               -                               -                               -
provision for unfunded lending commitments                        185                            (47)                               3                              16                              14
reserve for unfunded lending commitments - ending                $227                             $44                             $91                             $88                             $72
total allowance for credit losses - ending                     $2,670                          $1,296                          $1,333                          $1,324                          $1,308
table 12: allocation of the alll december 31,
(dollars in millions)                                 2020                                    2019                                    2018                                 2017                                 2016
commercial and industrial             $821          36   %                    $548          35   %                    $530          35   %                 $541          34   %                 $458          35   %
commercial real estate                 360          12                         107          11                         138          11                      121          10                       92          10
leases                                  52           1                          19           2                          22           3                       23           3                       48           3
qualitative                              -             n/a                       -             n/a                       -             n/a                    -             n/a                   65             n/a total commercial                     1,233          49                         674          48                         690          49                      685          47                      663          48
residential mortgages                  141          16                          35          16                          36          16                       44          15                       42          14
home equity                            134          10                          83          11                         108          12                      122          14                      147          16
automobile                             200          10                         123          10                         127          10                      139          12                      110          13
education                              361          10                         116           9                         101           8                      120           7                       76           6
other retail                           374           5                         221           6                         180           5                      126           5                       90           3
qualitative                              -             n/a                       -             n/a                       -             n/a                    -             n/a                  108             n/a total retail                         1,210          51                         578          52                         552          51                      551          53                      573          52
total loans and leases              $2,443         100   %                  $1,252         100   %                  $1,242         100   %               $1,236         100   %               $1,236         100   %
the alll represented 1.98% of total loans and leases and 240% of npls as of december 31, 2020 compared with 1.05% and 178%, respectively, as of december 31, 2019.
citizens financial group, inc. | 56
risk elements table 13: nonaccrual loans and leases, accruing and 90 days or more past due and restructured loans and leases december 31,
(in millions)                                                                      2020                                2019                                2018                                2017                                2016
nonaccrual loans and leases commercial and industrial                                                    $280                                $240                                $194                                $238                                $322
commercial real estate                                                        176                                   2                                   7                                  27                                  50
leases                                                                          2                                   3                                   -                                   -                                  15
total commercial                                                              458                                 245                                 201                                 265                                 387
residential mortgages                                                         167                                  93                                 105                                 125                                 139
home equity                                                                   276                                 246                                 313                                 348                                 406
automobile                                                                     72                                  67                                  81                                  70                                  50
education                                                                      18                                  18                                  38                                  38                                  38
other retail                                                                   28                                  34                                  28                                  22                                  20
total retail                                                                  561                                 458                                 565                                 603                                 653
total nonaccrual loans and leases                                          $1,019                                $703                                $766                                $868                              $1,040
loans and leases that are accruing and 90 days or more delinquent commercial and industrial                                                     $20                                  $2                                  $1                                  $5                                  $2
commercial real estate                                                          -                                   -                                   -                                   3                                   -
leases                                                                          1                                   -                                   -                                   -                                   -
total commercial                                                               21                                   2                                   1                                   8                                   2
residential mortgages                                                          30                                  13                                  15                                  16                                  18
education                                                                       2                                   2                                   2                                   3                                   5
other retail                                                                    9                                   8                                   7                                   5                                   1
total retail                                                                   41                                  23                                  24                                  24                                  24
total accruing and 90 days or more delinquent                                  62                                  25                                  25                                  32                                  26
total                                                                      $1,081                                $728                                $791                                $900                              $1,066
troubled debt restructurings (1)                                             $690                                $692                                $723                                $629                                $633
(1) tdr balances reported in this line item consist of only those tdrs not reported in the nonaccrual loan or accruing and 90 days or more delinquent loan categories. thus, only those tdrs that are in compliance with their modified terms and not past due, or those tdrs that are past due 30-89 days and still accruing are included in the tdr balances listed above.
npls of $1.0 billion as of december 31, 2020 increased $316 million from december 31, 2019, driven by a $103 million increase in retail reflecting growth in mortgage npls, and a $213 million increase in commercial npls reflecting a deterioration in certain industry sectors from the impacts of covid-19 and associated lockdowns. ncos of $693 million increased $263 million, or 61%, from $430 million in 2019 reflecting charge-offs in our commercial portfolio related to retail real estate, metals and mining, energy and related, and casual dining, while retail ncos were down compared to 2019 due in large part to u.s. government stimulus programs and forbearance. ncos as a percentage of total average loans of 0.56% increased 20 basis points compared to 0.36% in 2019.
we continue to assess the impact of the covid-19 pandemic and associated lockdowns and have instituted a variety of measures to identify and monitor areas of potential risk, including direct outreach to commercial clients and close monitoring of retail credit metrics.
potential problem loans and leases at december 31, 2020, we did not identify any potential problem loans or leases within the portfolio that were not already disclosed in "-risk elements" and "-commercial loan asset quality." potential problem loans or leases consist of loans and leases where information about a borrower's possible credit problems cause management to have serious doubts as to the ability of a borrower to comply with the present repayment terms.
commercial loan asset quality our commercial portfolio consists of traditional commercial and industrial, and commercial real estate loans. the portfolio is largely comprised of customers in our footprint and adjacent states in which we have a physical presence where our local delivery model provides for strong client connectivity. we also lend nationally to companies that fall within targeted client, industry, and geographic expansion strategies.
citizens financial group, inc. | 57
commercial npls increased $213 million to $458 million as of december 31, 2020 from $245 million as of december 31, 2019. as of december 31, 2020, total commercial npls were 0.8% of the commercial portfolio and increased from 0.4% at december 31, 2019. total 2020 commercial portfolio net charge-offs of $425 million increased from $116 million in 2019. for the year ended december 31, 2020, the commercial portfolio annualized net charge-off ratio of 0.67% increased from 0.20% for the year ended december 31, 2019, reflecting charge-offs in the retail real estate, metals and mining, energy and related, and casual dining industry sectors.
the increases in commercial npls and ncos were driven largely by a deterioration in certain industry sectors, including retail real estate, casual dining, and energy and related, resulting from the impacts of covid-19 and associated lockdowns.
for commercial, we utilize regulatory classification ratings to monitor credit quality. for more information on regulatory classification ratings, see note 5 in item 8. the recorded investment in commercial based on regulatory classification ratings is presented below:
table 14: commercial loans and leases by regulatory classification december 31, 2020
criticized
(in millions)                                        pass   special mention         substandard                 doubtful           total commercial and industrial(1)              $40,878           $1,583                  $1,464                     $248          $44,173
commercial real estate                     13,356                     804   416                     76                        14,652
leases                                      1,922                      33   12                      1                          1,968
total commercial                          $56,156           $2,420                  $1,892                     $325          $60,793
(1) pass includes ppp loans.
december 31, 2019
criticized
(in millions)                             pass         special mention       substandard       doubtful           total commercial and industrial          $38,950              $1,351                $934            $244          $41,479
commercial real estate              13,169                 318                  33               2           13,522
leases                               2,383                 109                  42               3            2,537
total commercial                   $54,502              $1,778              $1,009            $249          $57,538
total commercial criticized balances of $4.6 billion as of december 31, 2020 increased $1.6 billion compared with december 31, 2019. commercial criticized as a percent of total commercial of 7.6% at december 31, 2020 increased from 5.3% at december 31, 2019.
commercial and industrial criticized balances of $3.3 billion, or 7.5% of the total commercial and industrial loan portfolio as of december 31, 2020, increased from $2.5 billion, or 6.1%, as of december 31, 2019. the increase was due to the migration to criticized loans for hospitality, energy and related, and casual dining. commercial and industrial criticized loans represented 71% of total criticized loans as of december 31, 2020 compared to 83% as of december 31, 2019.
commercial real estate criticized balances of $1.3 billion, or 8.8% of the commercial real estate portfolio, increased from $353 million, or 2.6%, as of december 31, 2019. the increase was due to the migration to criticized loans for a few larger borrowers in the hospitality and retail industry sectors. commercial real estate accounted for 28% of total criticized loans as of december 31, 2020 compared to 12% as of december 31, 2019.
citizens financial group, inc. | 58
table 15: commercial loans and leases by industry sector december 31, 2020                           december 31, 2019
(dollars in millions)                                                                          balance                       % of                   balance              % of total loans                                 total loans finance and insurance                                                                  $6,481                          5        %               $5,155                4     %
health, pharma, and social assistance                                                   3,243                          3                         3,496                3
accommodation and food services                                                         3,206                          3                         3,346                3
professional, scientific, and technical services                                        2,804                          2                         2,986                3
other manufacturing                                                                     2,403                          2                         2,337                2
information                                                                             2,378                          2                         2,485                2
retail trade                                                                            2,336                          2                         2,319                2
energy and related                                                                      2,237                          2                         2,564                2
wholesale trade                                                                         1,904                          2                         2,606                2
metals and mining                                                                       1,646                          1                         1,956                2
arts, entertainment, and recreation                                                     1,382                          1                         1,229                1
other services                                                                          1,370                          1                         1,413                1
administrative and waste management services                                            1,320                          1                         1,454                1
computer, electrical equipment, appliance, and component manufacturing                  1,174                          1                         1,199                1
transportation and warehousing                                                          1,169                          1                         1,141                1
consumer products manufacturing                                                         1,112                          1                         1,005                1
automotive                                                                              1,051                          1                         1,213                1
educational services                                                                      844                          1                         1,093                1
chemicals                                                                                 736                          -                           983                1
real estate and rental and leasing                                                        732                          -                           659                -
all other (1)                                                                             490                          -                           840                1
total commercial and industrial                                                        40,018                         32                        41,479               35
real estate and rental and leasing                                                     13,169                         11                        12,116               10
accommodation and food services                                                           749                          1                           606                1
finance and insurance                                                                     498                          -                           418                -
all other (1)                                                                             236                          -                           382                -
total commercial real estate                                                           14,652                         12                        13,522               11
total leases                                                                            1,968                          2                         2,537                2
total commercial (2)                                                                  $56,638                         46        %              $57,538               48     %
(1) deferred fees and costs are reported in all other
(2) excludes ppp loans for the year-ended december 31, 2020.
retail loan asset quality for retail loans, we utilize credit scores provided by fico which are generally refreshed on a quarterly basis and the loan's payment and delinquency status to monitor credit quality. management believes fico credit scores are considered the strongest indicator of credit losses over the contractual life of the loan as the scores are based on current and historical national industry-wide consumer level credit performance data, and assist management in predicting the borrower's future payment performance. the largest portion of the retail portfolio is represented by borrowers located in the new england, mid-atlantic and midwest regions, although we have continued to lend selectively in areas outside the footprint primarily in the auto finance and education lending.
citizens financial group, inc. | 59
table 16: aging of retail loans as a percentage of loan class december 31, 2020   december 31, 2019
days past due   days past due current-29                   30-59                   60-89        90 or more                                                                    current-29         30-59         60-89        90 or more residential mortgages                 98.73       %            0.30       %            0.11       %        0.86     %                                                                   99.29     %      0.18   %      0.09   %        0.44     %
home equity                           97.53                    0.50                    0.23                1.74                                                                         97.57            0.69          0.30            1.44
automobile                            97.93                    1.40                    0.53                0.14                                                                         97.26            1.87          0.67            0.20
education                             99.56                    0.27                    0.11                0.06                                                                         99.45            0.29          0.14            0.12
other retail                          98.36                    0.62                    0.47                0.55                                                                         98.29            0.66          0.45            0.60
total retail loans                    98.47       %            0.58       %            0.25       %        0.70     %                                                                   98.43     %      0.70   %      0.30   %        0.57     %
for more information on the aging of accruing and nonaccruing retail loans, see note 5 in item 8.
table 17: retail asset quality metrics december 31, 2020                december 31, 2019
average refreshed fico for total portfolio                               771                              764
cltv ratio for secured real estate(1)                                     60       %                       59       %
nonaccrual retail loans as a percentage of total retail                 0.90       %                     0.74       %
(1) the real estate secured portfolio cltv is calculated as the mortgage and second lien loan balance divided by the most recently available value of the property.
year ended december 31,
(dollars in millions)                          2020                          2019   change          percent net charge-offs                           $268                          $314        ($46)           (15       %)
annualized net charge-off rate            0.44    %                     0.52    %   (8)       bps retail asset quality remained relatively stable with december 31, 2019. the net charge-off rate of 0.44% for the year ended december 31, 2020 reflected a decrease of 8 basis points from the year ended december 31, 2019, driven by the forbearance and stimulus activity stemming from the covid-19 pandemic and associated lockdowns.
troubled debt restructurings tdr is the classification given to a loan that has been restructured in a manner that grants a concession to a borrower experiencing financial hardship that we would not otherwise make. tdrs typically result from our loss mitigation efforts and are undertaken in order to improve the likelihood of recovery and continuity of the relationship. our loan modifications are handled on a case-by-case basis and are negotiated to achieve mutually agreeable terms that maximize loan collectability and meet our borrower's financial needs. the types of concessions include interest rate reductions, term extensions, principal forgiveness and other modifications to the structure of the loan that fall outside our lending policy. depending on the specific facts and circumstances of the customer, restructuring can involve loans moving to nonaccrual, remaining on nonaccrual, or remaining on accrual status.
in the first quarter of 2020, we adopted the cares act and interagency guidance issued by the bank regulatory agencies which provide that covid-19-related modifications to retail and commercial loans that met certain eligibility criteria are exempt from classification as a tdr. loans with payment deferrals and forbearance plans entered into as a result of the covid-19 pandemic and associated lockdowns were generally not considered tdrs.
as of december 31, 2020, $718 million of retail loans were classified as tdrs, compared with $667 million as of december 31, 2019. as of december 31, 2020, $171 million of retail tdrs were in nonaccrual status with 38% current with payments, compared to $143 million in nonaccrual status with 38% current on payments at december 31, 2019. tdrs generally return to accrual status once repayment capacity and appropriate payment history can be established. tdrs are individually evaluated for impairment and loans, once classified as tdrs, remain classified as tdrs until paid off, sold or refinanced at market terms. for additional information regarding tdrs, see "-critical accounting estimates - allowance for credit losses" and note 5 in item 8.
citizens financial group, inc. | 60
table 18: accruing and nonaccruing retail troubled debt restructurings december 31, 2020
as a % of accruing retail tdrs
(dollars in millions)                accruing                          30-89 days                     90+ days past due                    nonaccruing                  total past due residential mortgages              $172                                 2.7     %                               2.6   %                      $43                     $215
home equity                         221                                 1.3                           -                                       83                      304
automobile                           13                                 0.5                           -                                       33                       46
education                           116                                 0.6                                     0.3                           10                      126
other retail                         25                                 0.3                           -                                        2                       27
total                              $547                                 5.4     %                               2.9   %                     $171                     $718
december 31, 2019
as a % of accruing retail tdrs
(dollars in millions)             accruing                 30-89 days                         90+ days past due                nonaccruing                  total past due residential mortgages            $113                       3.8     %                               2.1       %                  $41                     $154
home equity loans                 240                       1.9                                       -                           84                      324
automobile                         13                       0.2                                       -                            8                       21
education                         127                       0.9                                     0.3                            7                      134
other retail                       31                       0.6                                       -                            3                       34
total                            $524                       7.4     %                               2.4       %                 $143                     $667
impact of nonperforming loans and leases on interest income the following table presents the gross interest income for both nonaccrual and restructured loans that would have been recognized if those loans had been current in accordance with their original contractual terms, and had been outstanding throughout the year, or since origination if held for only part of the year. the table also presents the interest income related to these loans that was actually recognized for the year.
table 19: interest income foregone
(in millions)                                                                 for the year ended december 31, 2020
gross amount of interest income that would have been recorded (1)                              $126
interest income actually recognized                                                              17
total interest income foregone                                                                 $109
(1) based on the contractual rate that was being charged at the time the loan was restructured or placed on nonaccrual status.
cross-border outstandings cross-border outstandings can include loans, receivables, interest-bearing deposits with other banks, other interest-bearing investments and other monetary assets that are denominated in either dollars or non-local currency. as of december 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, there were no aggregate cross-border outstandings from borrowers or counterparties in any country that exceeded 1%, or were between 0.75% and 1% of consolidated total assets.
deposits table 20: composition of deposits december 31,
(in millions)                                        2020   2019                                  change                 percent demand                                        $43,831                       $29,233         $14,598                      50    %
checking with interest                         27,204                        24,840           2,364                      10
regular savings                                18,044                        13,779           4,265                      31
money market accounts                          48,569                        38,725           9,844                      25
term deposits                                   9,516                        18,736         (9,220)                    (49)
total deposits                               $147,164                      $125,313         $21,851                      17    %
citizens financial group, inc. | 61
total deposits as of december 31, 2020, increased $21.9 billion, or 17%, to $147.2 billion compared to $125.3 billion, driven by growth in demand deposits, money market accounts, savings, and checking with interest, partially offset by a decrease in term deposits and demand deposits. citizens access, our national digital platform, attracted $5.9 billion of deposits through december 31, 2020, up from $5.8 billion as of december 31, 2019.
table 21: average balances of and average interest rates paid for deposits for the year ended december 31,
2020                                                                                                                                                    2019                                                     2018
(dollars in millions)                                average balances        yields/ rates                             average balances        yields/ rates                    average balances        yields/ rates noninterest-bearing demand deposits (1)               $37,553                     -                                     $28,936                     -                            $29,231                     -
checking with interest                                $26,002                  0.24      %                              $23,470                  0.87      %                     $21,856                  0.63      %
money market accounts                                  44,732                  0.43                                      36,613                  1.23                             36,497                  0.94
regular savings                                        16,144                  0.31                                      13,247                  0.57                             10,238                  0.15
term deposits                                          14,309                  1.42                                      21,035                  2.03                             18,035                  1.61
total interest-bearing deposits (1)                  $101,187                  0.50      %                              $94,365                  1.22      %                     $86,626                  0.91      %
(1) the aggregate amount of deposits by foreign depositors in domestic offices was $839 million, $1.7 billion and $1.2 billion as of december 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
borrowed funds table 22: summary of short-term borrowed funds december 31,
(in millions)                                                2020                      2019            change                       percent securities sold under agreements to repurchase           $231                      $265                ($34)                       (13   %)
other short-term borrowed funds                            12                         9       3                       33
total short-term borrowed funds                          $243                      $274                ($31)                       (11   %)
our advances, lines of credit, and letters of credit from the fhlb are collateralized by pledged mortgages and securities at least sufficient to satisfy the collateral maintenance level established by the fhlb. the utilized borrowing capacity for fhlb advances and letters of credit was $3.2 billion and $9.8 billion at december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. our remaining available fhlb borrowing capacity was $13.9 billion and $7.2 billion at december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. we can also borrow from the frb discount window to meet short-term liquidity requirements. collateral, including certain loans, is pledged to support this borrowing capacity. at december 31, 2020, our unused secured borrowing capacity was approximately $64.6 billion, which included unencumbered securities, fhlb borrowing capacity, and frb discount window capacity.
table 23: key data related to short-term borrowed funds as of and for the year ended december 31,
(dollars in millions)                                                                            2020                            2019                            2018
weighted-average interest rate at year-end: (1)
federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase                     -    %                       0.41    %                       1.72    %
other short-term borrowed funds                                                             0.02                            3.85                            2.73
maximum amount outstanding at any month-end during the year:
federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase (2)            $1,049                          $1,499                          $1,282
other short-term borrowed funds                                                               18                             511                           1,110
average amount outstanding during the year:
federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase (2)              $300                            $599                            $654
other short-term borrowed funds                                                               34                              66                             467
weighted-average interest rate during the year: (1)
federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase                  0.37    %                       1.36    %                       0.92    %
other short-term borrowed funds                                                             0.76                            2.50                            2.10
(1) rates exclude certain hedging costs.
(2) balances are net of certain short-term receivables associated with reverse repurchase agreements, as applicable.
citizens financial group, inc. | 62
table 24: summary of long-term borrowed funds december 31,
(in millions)            2020                        2019
parent company:
2.375% fixed-rate senior unsecured debt, due july 2021        $350                        $349
4.150% fixed-rate subordinated debt, due september 2022(1)         182                         348
3.750% fixed-rate subordinated debt, due july 2024(1)         159                         250
4.023% fixed-rate subordinated debt, due october 2024(1)          25                          42
4.350% fixed-rate subordinated debt, due august 2025(1)         193                         249
4.300% fixed-rate subordinated debt, due december 2025(1)         450                         750
2.850% fixed-rate senior unsecured notes, due july 2026         497                         496
2.500% fixed-rate senior unsecured notes, due february 2030         297                           -
3.250% fixed-rate senior unsecured notes, due april 2030         745                           -
2.638% fixed-rate subordinated debt, due september 2032(1)         543                           -
cbna's global note program:
2.250% senior unsecured notes, due march 2020           -                         700
2.447% floating-rate senior unsecured notes, due march 2020(2)           -                         300
2.487% floating-rate senior unsecured notes, due may 2020(2)           -                         250
2.200% senior unsecured notes, due may 2020           -                         500
2.250% senior unsecured notes, due october 2020           -                         750
2.550% senior unsecured notes, due may 2021       1,003                         991
3.250% senior unsecured notes, due february 2022         716                         711
0.941% floating-rate senior unsecured notes, due february 2022(2)         299                         299
1.042% floating-rate senior unsecured notes, due may 2022(2)         250                         250
2.650% senior unsecured notes, due may 2022         510                         501
3.700% senior unsecured notes, due march 2023         527                         515
1.201% floating-rate senior unsecured notes, due march 2023(2)         249                         249
2.250% senior unsecured notes, due april 2025         746                           -
3.750% senior unsecured notes, due february 2026         551                         521
additional borrowings by cbna and other subsidiaries:
federal home loan bank advances, 0.932% weighted average rate, due through 2038          19                       5,008
other          35                          18
total long-term borrowed funds      $8,346                     $14,047
(1) reflects the september 2020 completion of (i) $621 million in private exchange offers for five series of outstanding subordinated notes whereby participants received a combination of the our newly issued 2.638% fixed-rate subordinated notes due 2032 and an additional cash payment and (ii) $11 million in related cash tender offers whereby validly tendered and accepted subordinated notes were purchased by us and subsequently cancelled.
(2)  rate disclosed reflects the floating rate as of december 31, 2020, or final rate as applicable.
long-term borrowed funds of $8.3 billion as of december 31, 2020 decreased $5.7 billion from december 31, 2019, as strong deposit flows allowed for significantly lower levels of borrowings. the decline in borrowed funds reflected a decrease of $5.0 billion in fhlb borrowings, and a decrease of $729 million in subordinated debt and unsecured notes.
the parent company's long-term borrowed funds as of december 31, 2020 and 2019 included principal balances of $3.5 billion and $2.5 billion, respectively, and unamortized deferred issuance costs and/or discounts of ($90) million and ($8) million, respectively. cbna and other subsidiaries' long-term borrowed funds as of december 31, 2020 and 2019 included principal balances of $4.8 billion and $11.5 billion, respectively, with unamortized deferred issuance costs and/or discounts of ($11) million and ($13) million, respectively, and hedging basis adjustments of $112 million and $50 million, respectively. see note 13 in item 8 for further information about our hedging of certain long-term borrowed funds.
citizens financial group, inc. | 63
quarterly results of operations the following table presents unaudited quarterly consolidated statements of operations data and consolidated balance sheet data as of and for the four quarters of 2020 and 2019, respectively. we have prepared the consolidated statements of operations data and balance sheet data on the same basis as our consolidated financial statements in item 8 and, in the opinion of management, each consolidated statement of operations and balance sheet includes all adjustments, consisting solely of normal recurring adjustments, necessary for the fair statement of the results of operations and balance sheet data as of and for these periods. this information should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and notes in item 8.
table 25: quarterly results of operations for the three months ended
(dollars in millions, except per share amounts)                                         december 31, 2020                           september 30, 2020                    june 30, 2020                   march 31, 2020                   december 31, 2019                     september 30, 2019                    june 30, 2019                   march 31, 2019
operating data:
net interest income                                                                        $1,129                                      $1,137                             $1,160                           $1,160                             $1,143                                $1,145                             $1,166                           $1,160
noninterest income                                                                            578                                         654                                590                              497                                494                                   493                                462                              428
total revenue                                                                               1,707                                       1,791                              1,750                            1,657                              1,637                                 1,638                              1,628                            1,588
provision for credit losses                                                                   124                                         428                                464                              600                                110                                   101                                 97                               85
noninterest expense (1) (4) (5) (6) (7) (8) (9) (10)                                        1,012                                         988                                979                            1,012                                986                                   973                                951                              937
income before income tax expense (benefit)                                                    571                                         375                                307                               45                                541                                   564                                580                              566
income tax expense (2) (4) (5) (6) (7) (8) (9) (10)                                           115                                          61                                 54                               11                                 91                                   115                                127                              127
net income (3) (4) (5) (6) (7) (8) (9) (10)                                                  $456                                        $314                               $253                              $34                               $450                                  $449                               $453                             $439
net income available to common stockholders (3) (4) (5) (6) (7) (8) (9) (10)                 $424                                        $289                               $225                              $12                               $427                                  $432                               $435                             $424
net income per average common share- basic (3) (4) (5) (6) (7) (8) (9) (10)                 $0.99                                       $0.68                              $0.53                            $0.03                              $0.98                                 $0.97                              $0.95                            $0.92
net income per average common share- diluted (3) (4) (5) (6) (7) (8) (9) (10)                0.99                                        0.68                               0.53                             0.03                               0.98                                  0.97                               0.95                             0.92
other operating data:
return on average common equity(11)                                                          8.20       %                                5.60        %                      4.44      %                      0.24      %                        8.30       %                          8.35        %                      8.54      %                      8.62      %
return on average tangible common equity (11)                                               12.20                                        8.33                               6.62                             0.36                              12.39                                 12.44                              12.75                            13.00
return on average total assets (11)                                                          1.00                                        0.70                               0.57                             0.08                               1.08                                  1.10                               1.13                             1.11
return on average total tangible assets (11)                                                 1.04                                        0.73                               0.59                             0.09                               1.13                                  1.15                               1.17                             1.16
efficiency ratio (11)                                                                       59.28                                       55.18                              55.91                            61.10                              60.28                                 59.40                              58.41                            59.00
net interest margin (11)                                                                     2.75                                        2.82                               2.87                             3.09                               3.04                                  3.10                               3.20                             3.23
net interest margin, fte (11) (12)                                                           2.75                                        2.83                               2.88                             3.10                               3.06                                  3.12                               3.21                             3.25
share data:
cash dividends declared and paid per common share                                           $0.39                                       $0.39                              $0.39                            $0.39                              $0.36                                 $0.36                              $0.32                            $0.32
dividend payout ratio                                                                          39       %                                  58        %                        74      %                     1,398      %                          37       %                            37        %                        34      %                        35      %
citizens financial group, inc. | 64
as of
(dollars in millions)                                                          december 31, 2020                  september 30, 2020                 june 30, 2020                march 31, 2020                december 31, 2019                  september 30, 2019                 june 30, 2019                march 31, 2019
balance sheet data:
total assets                                                                    $183,349                           $179,228                        $179,874                      $176,719                        $165,733                           $164,362                        $162,749                      $161,342
loans and leases (13)                                                            123,090                            124,071                         125,713                       127,528                         119,088                            117,880                         116,838                       117,615
allowance for loan and lease losses                                                2,443                              2,542                           2,448                         2,171                           1,252                              1,263                           1,227                         1,245
total securities                                                                  26,847                             26,124                          25,657                        26,352                          24,669                             25,602                          25,898                        25,651
goodwill                                                                           7,050                              7,050                           7,050                         7,050                           7,044                              7,044                           7,040                         7,040
total liabilities                                                                160,676                            156,759                         157,456                       154,769                         143,532                            142,511                         140,732                       139,811
deposits                                                                         147,164                            142,921                         143,618                       133,475                         125,313                            124,714                         124,004                       123,916
short-term borrowed funds (14)                                                       243                                252                             255                         1,059                             274                              1,077                           1,441                           679
long-term borrowed funds                                                           8,346                              9,109                           9,202                        16,437                          14,047                             12,806                          11,538                        11,725
total stockholders' equity                                                        22,673                             22,469                          22,418                        21,950                          22,201                             21,851                          22,017                        21,531
asset quality ratios:
allowance for loan and lease losses to loans and leases                             1.98       %                       2.05        %                   1.95      %                   1.70      %                     1.05       %                       1.07        %                   1.05      %                   1.06      %
allowance for credit losses to loans and leases                                     2.17                               2.21                            2.01                          1.73                            1.09                               1.11                            1.13                          1.13
allowance for loan and lease losses to nonaccruing loans and leases                  240                                199                             247                           279                             178                                171                             169                           167
allowance for credit losses to nonaccruing loans and leases                          262                                214                             255                           283                             184                                177                             182                           179
nonaccruing loans and leases to loans and leases                                    0.83                               1.03                            0.79                          0.61                            0.59                               0.63                            0.62                          0.63
capital ratios:(15)
cet1 capital ratio                                                                  10.0                                9.8                             9.6                           9.4                            10.0                               10.3                            10.5                          10.5
tier 1 capital ratio                                                                11.3                               11.2                            10.9                          10.5                            11.1                               11.1                            11.3                          11.3
total capital ratio                                                                 13.4                               13.3                            13.1                          12.5                            13.0                               13.0                            13.4                          13.4
tier 1 leverage ratio                                                                9.4                                9.5                             9.3                           9.6                            10.0                                9.9                            10.1                          10.0
(1) fourth quarter 2020 noninterest expense included $42 million of pre-tax notable items consisting of $2 million of integration costs associated with acquisitions and $40 million in other notable items related to top programs and other efficiency initiatives.
(2) fourth quarter 2020 income tax expense included $18 million of benefits associated with other notable items ($7 million largely tied to an operational restructure and $11 million in top programs and other efficiency initiatives).
(3) fourth quarter 2020 net income included $24 million of after-tax notable items consisting of $2 million in integration costs associated with acquisitions and $22 million in other notable items (including a $7 million benefit largely tied to an operational restructure more than offset by $29 million in after-tax top programs and other efficiency initiatives).
(4) third quarter 2020 noninterest expense included $31 million of pre-tax notable items consisting of $2 million of integration costs associated with acquisitions and $29 million in other notable items related to top programs and other efficiency initiatives. income tax expense included $7 million of benefits associated with notable items related to top programs and other efficiency initiatives. net income included $24 million of after-tax notable items consisting of $2 million of total integration costs associated with acquisitions and $22 million in other notable items related to top programs and other efficiency initiatives.
(5) second quarter 2020 noninterest expense included $19 million of pre-tax notable items consisting of $2 million of integration costs associated with acquisitions and $17 million in other notable items related to top programs and other efficiency initiatives. income tax expense included $9 million of benefits associated with notable items ($1 million for integration costs associated with acquisitions and $8 million in other notable items, consisting of $4 million related to legacy tax matters and $4 million in top programs and other efficiency initiatives). net income included $10 million of after-tax notable items consisting of $1 million of total integration costs associated with acquisitions and $9 million in other notable items (including $4 million related to legacy tax matters more than offset by $13 million after-tax in top programs and other efficiency initiatives.
(6) first quarter 2020 noninterest expense included $33 million of pre-tax notable items consisting of $4 million of integration costs associated with acquisitions and $29 million in other notable items related to top programs and other efficiency initiatives. income tax expense included $8 million of benefits associated with notable items ($1 million for integration costs associated with acquisitions and $7 million in top programs and other efficiency initiatives). net income included $25 million of after-tax notable items consisting of $3 million after-tax of total integration costs associated with acquisitions and $22 million after-tax in other notable items related to top programs and other efficiency initiatives.
(7) fourth quarter 2019 noninterest expense included $37 million of pre-tax notable items consisting of $35 million in other notable items ($35 million in top programs and other efficiency initiatives) and $2 million of integration costs associated with acquisitions. income tax expense included $33 million of benefits associated with other notable items ($24 million largely tied to legacy tax matters and $9 million in top programs and other efficiency initiatives). net income included $4 million of after-tax notable items consisting of $2 million in total integration costs associated with acquisitions and $2 million in other notable items (including $24 million largely tied to legacy tax matters offset by $26 million in after-tax top programs and other efficiency initiatives).
(8) third quarter 2019 noninterest expense included $19 million of pre-tax notable items consisting of $15 million in other notable items ($15 million in top programs and other efficiency initiatives) and $4 million of integration costs associated with acquisitions. income tax expense included $15 million of benefits associated with notable items ($14 million in other notable items, consisting of $10 million related to an operational restructure and $4 million in top programs and other efficiency initiatives, and $1 million for integration costs associated with acquisitions). net income included $4 million of after-tax notable items consisting of $3 million of total integration costs associated with acquisitions and $1 million in other notable items (including $10 million related to an operational restructure offset by $11 million in after-tax top programs and other efficiency initiatives).
(9) second quarter 2019 noninterest expense included $7 million of pre-tax notable items for total integration costs associated with acquisitions. income tax expense and net income included $2 million and $5 million, respectively, related to these notable items.
(10) first quarter 2019 noninterest expense included $5 million of pre-tax notable items for total integration costs associated with acquisitions. income tax expense and net income included $1 million and $4 million, respectively, related to these notable items.
(11) ratios for the periods above are presented on an annualized basis.
citizens financial group, inc. | 65
(12) net interest margin is presented on a fte basis using the federal statutory tax rate of 21%.
(13) excludes lhfs of $4.0 billion, $3.7 billion, $5.0 billion, $3.3 billion, $3.3 billion, $2.0 billion, $2.2 billion, and $1.3 billion as of december 31, 2020, september 30, 2020, june 30, 2020, march 31, 2020, december 31, 2019, september 30, 2019, june 30, 2019 and march 31, 2019, respectively.
(14) in the first quarter of 2020, we reclassified federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreement to repurchase and other short-term borrowed funds to short-term borrowed funds. prior periods have been adjusted to conform with the current period presentation.
(15) the capital ratios and associated components are prepared using the u.s. basel iii standardized transitional approach.
capital and regulatory matters as a bank holding company and a financial holding company, we are subject to regulation and supervision by the frb. our banking subsidiary, cbna, is a national banking association whose primary federal regulator is the occ. our regulation and supervision continues to evolve as the legal and regulatory frameworks governing our operations continue to change. for more information, see the "regulation and supervision" section in item 1.
tailoring of prudential requirements in october 2019, the frb and the other banking regulators finalized rules that tailor the application of the enhanced prudential standards to bank holding companies and depository institutions to implement the egrrcpa amendments to the dodd-frank act ("tailoring rules"). under the tailoring rules, category iv firms, such as us, are subject to biennial supervisory stress-testing and are exempt from company-run stress testing and related disclosure requirements. category iv firms are also no longer required to submit resolution plans. the frb continues to supervise category iv firms on an ongoing basis, including evaluation of the capital adequacy and capital planning processes during off-cycle years. we remain subject to the requirement to develop, maintain and submit an annual capital plan for review and approval by our board of directors (or one of its committees), as well as fr y-14 reporting requirements. on april 6, 2020, we submitted our 2020 capital plan to the frb under the frb's 2020 ccar process. for more information, see the "tailoring of prudential requirements" section in item 1.
on march 4, 2020, the frb finalized a stress capital buffer ("scb") requirement that integrates regulatory capital requirements with the results of the frb's supervisory stress tests by replacing the static ccb of 2.5% with a dynamic scb requirement. the new scb requirement is based on the projected losses under the supervisory severely adverse scenario of each firm subject to ccar plus four quarters of planned common stock dividends, subject to a floor of 2.5%. under the scb framework, the frb will no longer object to capital plans on quantitative grounds and each firm will be required to maintain capital ratios above the sum of its minimum requirements and the scb requirements to avoid restrictions on capital distributions and discretionary bonus payments. for category iv firms, like us, the frb has stated that the scb will be re-calibrated with each biennial supervisory stress test and updated annually to reflect our planned common stock dividends and common share buy-backs. on october 1, 2020, our scb of 3.4% became effective and will apply to our capital actions through september 30, 2021.
on september 30, 2020, the frb issued a proposed rule to make conforming changes to its capital plan rule, stress capital buffer requirements, and capital planning requirements to be consistent with the tailoring rules framework. under the proposal, category iv firms, like us, would have the ability to elect to participate in the supervisory stress test and receive an updated scb requirement in a year in which they are not subject to the supervisory stress test. for purposes of calculating the scb in 2021, the proposed rule would require us to notify the frb of our intention to participate in the 2021 supervisory stress test by april 5, 2021.
in light of the heightened uncertainty related to the covid-19 pandemic and associated lockdowns, the frb took certain actions to preserve capital at banks. among those actions, the frb imposed certain limitations on firms for the third and fourth quarters of 2020, including mandatory suspension of share repurchases, and limiting common stock dividends to existing rates and the average quarterly net income for the prior four quarters. further, the frb required that ccar firms, like us, conduct an additional round of stress tests and resubmit updated capital plans to reflect changes in the macroeconomic environment due to the covid-19 pandemic. consistent with the frb's mandate, we resubmitted our capital plan on november 2, 2020. the results of our resubmission, received on december 18, 2020, exceeded all capital requirements under the frb's severe stress scenarios and we reiterated key aspects of our 2020 capital plan, which include maintaining quarterly common dividends of $0.39 per common share through the scb window period ending third quarter 2021. in december 2020, the frb modified its limitations on capital distributions for the first quarter of 2021 such that firms that participate in ccar, like us, may resume share repurchases provided that the aggregate of share repurchases and common stock dividends for the first quarter of 2021 do not exceed average quarterly net income for the trailing four quarters. the frb can extend or modify its current capital distribution limitations in future quarters. in january 2021, our board of directors authorized us to repurchase up to $750 million of our common stock beginning in the first quarter of 2021. the timing and amount of future dividends and share citizens financial group, inc. | 66
repurchases will depend on various factors, including our capital position, financial performance, risk-weighted assets, capital impacts of strategic initiatives, market conditions and regulatory considerations. all future capital distributions are subject to consideration and approval by the board of directors prior to execution.
regulations relating to capital planning, regulatory reporting, and stress capital buffer requirements applicable to firms like us are presently subject to rulemaking and potential further guidance and interpretation by the applicable federal regulators. we will continue to evaluate the impact of these and any other prudential regulatory changes, including their potential resultant changes in our regulatory and compliance costs and expenses.
capital framework under the current u.s. basel iii capital framework, we and our banking subsidiary must meet the following specific minimum requirements: cet1 capital ratio of 4.5%, tier 1 capital ratio of 6.0%, total capital ratio of 8.0%, and tier 1 leverage ratio of 4.0%. as a bank holding company, our scb of 3.4% is imposed on top of the three minimum risk-based capital ratios listed above and a ccb of 2.5% is imposed on top of the three minimum risk-based capital ratios listed above for our banking subsidiary.
effective for us on april 1, 2020, the cet1 deduction threshold for msrs, certain deferred tax assets and significant investments in the capital of unconsolidated institutions is 25%. as of december 31, 2020, we did not meet the threshold for these additional capital deductions. msrs or deferred tax assets not deducted from cet1 capital are assigned a 250% risk weight and significant investments in the capital of unconsolidated financial institutions not deducted from cet1 capital are assigned an exposure category risk weight.
in reaction to the covid-19 pandemic, the frb and the other federal banking regulators adopted a final rule relative to regulatory capital treatment of acl under cecl. this rule allowed electing banking organizations to delay the estimated impact of cecl on regulatory capital for a two-year period ending january 1, 2022, followed by a three-year transition period ending january 1, 2025 to phase-in the aggregate amount of the capital benefit provided during the initial two-year delay. as of december 31, 2020, $568 million of the capital benefit has been accumulated for application to the three-year transition period.
table 26: regulatory capital ratios under the u.s. basel iii standardized rules required minimum plus required buffer for non-leverage ratios(1)(2)
(in millions, except ratio data)                            amount                      ratio december 31, 2020
cet1 capital                                      $14,607                       10.0        %                                               7.9
tier 1 capital                                     16,572                       11.3                                                        9.4
total capital                                      19,602                       13.4                                                       11.4
tier 1 leverage                                    16,572                        9.4                                                        4.0
risk-weighted assets                              146,781
quarterly adjusted average assets                 175,370
december 31, 2019
cet1 capital                                      $14,304                       10.0        %                                               7.0                        %
tier 1 capital                                     15,874                       11.1                                                        8.5
total capital                                      18,542                       13.0                                                       10.5
tier 1 leverage                                    15,874                       10.0                                                        4.0
risk-weighted assets                              142,915
quarterly adjusted average assets                 158,782
(1) required "minimum capital ratio" for 2020 and 2019 are: common equity tier 1 capital of 4.5%; tier 1 capital of 6.0%; total capital of 8.0%; and tier 1 leverage of 4.0%.
(2) "minimum capital ratio" includes stress capital buffer of 3.4% for 2020 and capital conservation buffer of 2.5% for 2019; n/a to tier 1 leverage.
at december 31, 2020, our cet1 capital, tier 1 capital and total capital ratios were 10.0%, 11.3% and 13.4%, respectively, as compared with 10.0%, 11.1% and 13.0%, respectively, as of december 31, 2019. the cet1 capital ratio remained stable as $3.9 billion of risk-weighted asset ("rwa") growth and the impact of the capital actions described in "-capital transactions" below were primarily offset by net income for the year ended december 31, 2020 and 25% of the increase in aacl subsequent to cecl adoption. the tier 1 capital ratio increased due to the changes in cet1 capital and the issuance of series f preferred stock described in "-capital transactions" below. the total capital ratio increased due to the changes in cet1 and tier 1 capital and the net change in aacl attributable to cecl adoption, the modified transition amount and excess acl, partially offset by citizens financial group, inc. | 67
the subordinated debt exchange offers described in "-regulatory capital ratios and capital composition" below and an increase in non-qualifying subordinated debt. at december 31, 2020, our cet1 capital, tier 1 capital and total capital ratios were approximately 210 basis points, 190 basis points and 200 basis points, respectively, above their regulatory minimums plus our stress capital buffer. all ratios remained well above the u.s. basel iii minima.
regulatory capital ratios and capital composition cet1 capital under u.s. basel iii standardized rules totaled $14.6 billion at december 31, 2020, and increased $303 million from $14.3 billion at december 31, 2019, largely driven by net income for the year ended december 31, 2020 and 25% of the increase in aacl subsequent to cecl adoption, partially offset by dividends and common share repurchases. tier 1 capital at december 31, 2020 totaled $16.6 billion, reflecting a $698 million increase from $15.9 billion at december 31, 2019, driven by the changes in cet1 capital and the issuance of series f preferred stock. at december 31, 2020, we had $2.0 billion of non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock issued and outstanding, an increase of $395 million from $1.6 billion at december 31, 2019, given the second quarter 2020 issuance of 400,000 shares of series f preferred stock that qualified as additional tier 1 capital. total capital of $19.6 billion at december 31, 2020, increased $1.1 billion from december 31, 2019, driven by the changes in cet1 and tier 1 capital and the net change in aacl, partially offset by a decrease in qualifying subordinated debt.
rwa totaled $146.8 billion at december 31, 2020, based on u.s. basel iii standardized rules, up $3.9 billion from december 31, 2019. this increase was driven by higher derivative valuations, increases in education loans, commercial real estate loans, msr rwa, resulting from the finalization of the simplification rules which increased risk weight from 100% to 250%, and increases in residential mortgages, loans held for sale and commercial past due loans. these rwa increases were partially offset by decreases in high volatility commercial real estate, commercial loans, home equity loans and consumer personal loans.
as of december 31, 2020, the tier 1 leverage ratio was 9.4% decreasing from 10.0% at december 31, 2019 driven by the $16.6 billion increase in quarterly adjusted average assets, partially offset by higher tier one capital. the increase in quarterly adjusted average assets was primarily driven by the covid-19 pandemic and associated lockdowns, resulting in increased cash level of $9.3 billion and an increase in total loans of $4.6 billion. the increased cash is a result of higher deposits caused by government stimulus and commercial clients building liquidity. the increase in total loans is primarily the result of an increase in commercial and industrial loans from ppp.
citizens financial group, inc. | 68
table 27: capital composition under the u.s. basel iii capital framework
(in millions)                                                                                    december 31, 2020                december 31, 2019
total common stockholders' equity                                                                  $20,708                          $20,631
exclusions:(1)
modified cecl transitional amount                                                                              568                        -
net unrealized losses recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income, net of tax:
debt and equity securities                                                                           (380)                              (1)
derivatives                                                                                             11                              (3)
unamortized net periodic benefit costs                                                                 429                              415
deductions:
goodwill                                                                                           (7,050)                          (7,044)
deferred tax liability associated with goodwill                                                        379                              374
other intangible assets                                                                               (58)                             (68)
total common equity tier 1                                                                          14,607                           14,304
qualifying preferred stock                                                                           1,965                            1,570
total tier 1 capital                                                                                16,572                           15,874
qualifying subordinated debt(2)                                                                      1,204                            1,372
allowance for credit losses                                                                          2,670                            1,296
exclusions from tier 2 capital:
modified aacl transitional amount                                                                    (682)                                -
excess allowance for credit losses(2)                                                                (162)                                -
adjusted allowance for credit losses                                                                $1,826                           $1,296
total capital                                                                                      $19,602                          $18,542
(1) as a u.s. basel iii standardized approach institution, we selected the one-time election to opt-out of the requirements to include all the components of aoci.
(2) as of december 31, 2020 and 2019, the amount of non-qualifying subordinated debt excluded from regulatory capital was $348 million and $267 million, respectively.
on february 11, 2021, we completed $265 million in private exchange offers for five series of outstanding subordinated notes. exchange offer participants received newly issued subordinated notes due 2031 which are redeemable by us five years prior to their maturity. in september 2020, we completed $621 million in private exchange offers for five series of outstanding subordinated notes. exchange offer participants received a combination of our newly issued subordinated notes due 2032 and an additional cash payment. we also completed related cash tender offers which result in $11 million of subordinated notes being validly tendered and accepted for purchase by us and subsequently cancelled. the completion of these subordinated debt exchange offers will benefit our tier 2 and total capital going forward by increasing the amount of subordinated debt eligible for inclusion in tier 2 capital without increasing the aggregate principal amount of subordinated debt outstanding.
capital adequacy process our assessment of capital adequacy begins with our risk appetite and risk management framework. this framework provides for the identification, measurement and management of material risks. capital requirements are determined for actual and forecasted risk portfolios using applicable regulatory capital methodologies. the assessment also considers the possible impacts of approved and proposed changes to regulatory capital requirements. key analytical frameworks, including stress testing, which enable the assessment of capital adequacy versus unexpected loss under a variety of stress scenarios, supplement our base line forecast. a governance framework supports our capital planning process, including capital management policies and procedures that document capital adequacy metrics and limits, as well as our capital contingency plan and the active engagement of both the legal-entity boards and senior management in oversight and decision-making.
forward-looking assessments of capital adequacy feed development of a single capital plan covering us and our banking subsidiary that is periodically submitted to the frb. we prepare this plan in full compliance with the frb's capital plan rule and we participate annually in the frb's horizontal capital review, which is the frb's assessment of specific capital planning areas as part of their normal supervisory process.
all distributions proposed under our capital plan are subject to consideration and approval by our board of directors prior to execution. the timing and exact amount of future dividends and share repurchases will depend on various factors, including our capital position, financial performance and market conditions.
citizens financial group, inc. | 69
capital transactions we completed the following capital actions during 2020:
completed $621 million of subordinated debt private exchange offers in september 2020;
issued $400 million or 400,000 shares, of 5.650% fixed-rate reset non-cumulative perpetual series f preferred stock in june 2020;
declared and paid quarterly common stock dividends of $0.39 per share for the first, second, third, and fourth quarters of 2020, aggregating to $672 million;
declared a semi-annual dividend of $27.50 per share in first quarter 2020, a quarterly dividend of $13.48 per share in second quarter of 2020, a quarterly dividend of $10.90 per share in third quarter 2020 and a quarterly dividend of $10.72 per share in fourth quarter 2020 on the 5.500% fixed-to-floating rate non-cumulative perpetual series a preferred stock, aggregating to $15 million;
declared semi-annual dividends of $30.00 per share for the second and fourth quarter of 2020 on the 6.000% fixed-to-floating rate non-cumulative perpetual series b preferred stock, aggregating to $18 million;
declared quarterly dividends of $15.94 per share on the 6.375% fixed-to-floating rate non-cumulative perpetual series c preferred stock, aggregating to $19 million;
declared quarterly dividends of $15.88 per share on the 6.350% fixed-to-floating rate non-cumulative perpetual series d preferred stock, aggregating to $19 million;
declared quarterly dividends of $12.50 per share on the 5.000% fixed-rate non-cumulative perpetual series e preferred stock, aggregating to $23 million;
declared quarterly dividends of $19.15 per share in third quarter of 2020 and a quarterly dividend of $14.13 per share in fourth quarter 2020 on the 5.650% fixed-rate non-cumulative perpetual series f preferred stock, aggregating to $13 million; and
repurchased $270 million of our outstanding common stock in the first quarter 2020.
banking subsidiary's capital table 28: cbna's capital ratios under the u.s. basel iii standardized rules december 31, 2020               december 31, 2019
(dollars in millions, except ratio data)                                amount                            ratio           amount          ratio cet1 capital                                                $16,032                             10.9          %     $15,610           11.0    %
tier 1 capital                                               16,032                             10.9                 15,610           11.0
total capital                                                18,980                             13.0                 17,937           12.6
tier 1 leverage                                              16,032                              9.2                 15,610            9.9
risk-weighted assets                                        146,558                                                 142,555
quarterly adjusted average assets                           174,954                                                 158,391
cbna cet1 and tier 1 capital totaled $16.0 billion at december 31, 2020, up $422 million from $15.6 billion at december 31, 2019. the increase was primarily driven by net income for the year ended december 31, 2020 and 25% of the increase in aacl subsequent to cecl adoption, partially offset by dividend payments to the parent company. total capital was $19.0 billion at december 31, 2020, an increase of $1.0 billion from $17.9 billion at december 31, 2019, driven by the change in cet1 capital, the net change in aacl and an increase in qualifying subordinated debt.
cbna had rwa of $146.6 billion at december 31, 2020, an increase of $4.0 billion from december 31, 2019, driven by higher derivative valuations, increases in education loans, commercial real estate loans, msr rwa, resulting from the finalization of the simplification rules which increased risk weight from 100% to 250%, and increases in residential mortgages, loans held for sale and commercial past due loans. these rwa increases were partially offset by decreases in high volatility commercial real estate, commercial loans, home equity loans and consumer personal loans.
as of december 31, 2020, the cbna tier 1 leverage ratio decreased to 9.2% from 9.9% at december 31, 2019, driven by the $16.6 billion increase in quarterly adjusted average assets, partially offset by higher tier one capital. the increase in quarterly adjusted average assets was primarily driven by covid-19 and the associated lockdowns, resulting in increased cash level of $9.3 billion and an increase in total loans of $4.6 billion. the citizens financial group, inc. | 70
increased cash is a result of higher deposits caused by government stimulus and commercial clients building liquidity. the increase in total loans is primarily the result of an increase in commercial and industrial loans from ppp.
liquidity liquidity is defined as our ability to meet our cash flow and collateral obligations in a timely manner, at a reasonable cost. an institution must maintain operating liquidity to meet its expected daily and forecasted cash flow requirements, as well as contingent liquidity to meet unexpected (stress scenario) funding requirements. as noted earlier, reflecting the importance of meeting all unexpected and stress scenario funding requirements, we identify and manage contingent liquidity (consisting of cash balances at the frb, unencumbered high-quality and liquid securities, and unused fhlb borrowing capacity.) separately, we also identify and manage asset liquidity as a subset of contingent liquidity (consisting of cash balances at the frb and unencumbered high-quality securities.) we consider the effective and prudent management of liquidity fundamental to our health and strength.
we manage liquidity at the consolidated enterprise level and at each material legal entity, including at the parent company and cbna level.
parent company liquidity our parent company's primary sources of cash are dividends and interest received from cbna as a result of investing in bank equity and subordinated debt and externally issued preferred stock as well as senior and subordinated debt. uses of cash include the routine cash flow requirements as a bank holding company, including periodic share repurchases and payments of dividends, interest and expenses; the needs of subsidiaries, including cbna, for additional equity and, as required, its need for debt financing; and the support for extraordinary funding requirements when necessary. to the extent the parent company has relied on wholesale borrowings, uses also include payments of related principal and interest.
during the year ended december 31, 2020, the parent company completed the following transactions:
issued $400 million, or 400,000 shares, of 5.650% fixed-rate reset non-cumulative perpetual series f preferred stock on june 4, 2020;
issued $750 million in ten-year 3.250% fixed-rate senior notes on april 30, 2020; and
issued $300 million in ten-year 2.500% fixed-rate senior notes on february 6, 2020.
for further information on outstanding debt and preferred stock, see note 12 and note 16 in item 8.
during the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019, the parent company declared and paid dividends on common stock of $672 million and $617 million, respectively, and declared dividends on preferred stock of $107 million and $73 million, respectively. in addition, the parent company repurchased $270 million and $1.2 billion of its outstanding common stock, respectively.
our parent company's cash and cash equivalents represent a source of liquidity that can be used to meet various needs and totaled $2.7 billion as of december 31, 2020 compared with $1.4 billion as of december 31, 2019. the parent company's double-leverage ratio (the combined equity investment in parent company subsidiaries divided by parent company equity) is a measure of reliance on equity cash flows from subsidiaries to fund parent company obligations. at december 31, 2020, the parent company's double-leverage ratio was 98%.
cbna liquidity in the ordinary course of business, the liquidity of cbna is managed by matching sources and uses of cash. the primary sources of bank liquidity include deposits from our consumer and commercial customers; payments of principal and interest on loans and debt securities; and wholesale borrowings, as needed, and as described under "-liquidity risk management and governance." the primary uses of bank liquidity include withdrawals and maturities of deposits; payment of interest on deposits; funding of loans and related commitments; and funding of securities purchases. to the extent that cbna has relied on wholesale borrowings, uses also include payments of related principal and interest. for further information on cbna's outstanding debt, see note 12 in item 8.
as cbna's primary business involves taking deposits and making loans, a key role of liquidity management is to ensure that customers have timely access to funds from deposits and for loans. liquidity management also citizens financial group, inc. | 71
involves maintaining sufficient liquidity to repay wholesale borrowings, pay operating expenses and support extraordinary funding requirements when necessary.
on april 30, 2020 cbna issued $750 million in five-year 2.250% fixed-rate senior notes.
liquidity risk we define liquidity risk as the risk that an entity will be unable to meet its payment obligations in a timely manner, at a reasonable cost. liquidity risk can arise due to contingent liquidity risk and/or funding liquidity risk.
contingent liquidity risk is the risk that market conditions may reduce an entity's ability to liquidate, pledge and/or finance certain assets and thereby substantially reduce the liquidity value of such assets. drivers of contingent liquidity risk include general market disruptions as well as specific issues regarding the credit quality and/or valuation of a security or loan, issuer or borrower and/or asset class.
funding liquidity risk is the risk that market conditions and/or entity-specific events may reduce an entity's ability to raise funds from depositors and/or wholesale market counterparties. drivers of funding liquidity risk may be idiosyncratic or systemic, reflecting impediments to operations and/or damaged market confidence.
factors affecting liquidity given the composition of assets and borrowing sources, contingent liquidity risk at cbna would be materially affected by events such as deterioration of financing markets for high-quality securities (e.g., mortgage-backed securities and other instruments issued by the gnma, fnma and the fhlmc), by any inability of the fhlbs to provide collateralized advances and/or by a refusal of the frb to act as a lender of last resort in systemic stress.
similarly, given the structure of its balance sheet, the funding liquidity risk of cbna would be materially affected by an adverse idiosyncratic event (e.g., a major loss, causing a perceived or actual deterioration in its financial condition), an adverse systemic event (e.g., default or bankruptcy of a significant capital markets participant), or a combination of both. consequently, and despite ongoing exposure to a variety of idiosyncratic and systemic events, we view our contingent liquidity risk and our funding liquidity risk to be relatively modest.
an additional variable affecting our access to unsecured wholesale market funds and to large denomination (i.e., uninsured) customer deposits is the credit ratings assigned by such agencies as moody's, standard & poor's and fitch.
table 29: credit ratings december 31, 2020
moody's                    standard and                     fitch poor's citizens financial group, inc.:
long-term issuer                             nr                         bbb+                             bbb+
short-term issuer                            nr                         a-2                              f1
subordinated debt                            nr                         bbb                              bbb preferred stock                              nr                         bb+                              bb citizens bank, national association:
long-term issuer                             baa1                       a-                               bbb+
short-term issuer                            nr                         a-2                              f1
long-term deposits                           a1                         nr                               a-
short-term deposits                          p-1                        nr                               f1
nr = not rated changes in our public credit ratings could affect both the cost and availability of our wholesale funding. as a result and in order to maintain a conservative funding profile, cbna continues to minimize reliance on unsecured wholesale funding. at december 31, 2020, our wholesale funding consisted primarily of secured borrowings from the fhlbs collateralized by high-quality residential mortgages and term debt issued by the parent company and cbna.
existing and evolving regulatory liquidity requirements represent another key driver of systemic liquidity conditions and liquidity management practices. the frb, the occ and the fdic regularly evaluate our liquidity as citizens financial group, inc. | 72
part of the overall supervisory process. in addition we are subject to existing and evolving regulatory liquidity requirements, some of which are subject to further rulemaking, guidance and interpretation by the applicable federal regulators. for further discussion, see the "regulation and supervision - financial regulatory reform" and "-liquidity requirements" sections in item 1.
the lcr was developed by the u.s. federal banking regulators to ensure banks have sufficient high-quality liquid assets to cover expected net cash outflows over a 30-day liquidity stress period. in accordance with the october 2019 final rules, category iv institutions with less than $50 billion in weighted short-term wholesale funding, such as us, are no longer subject to the requirements of the lcr rule as of december 31, 2019.
liquidity risk management and governance liquidity risk is measured and managed by the funding and liquidity unit within our treasury unit in accordance with policy guidelines promulgated by our board and the asset liability committee. in managing liquidity risk, the funding and liquidity unit delivers regular and comprehensive reporting, including current levels versus threshold limits, for a broad set of liquidity metrics and early warning indicators, explanatory commentary relating to emerging risk trends and, as appropriate, recommended remedial strategies.
our funding and liquidity unit's primary goal is to deliver and otherwise maintain prudent levels of operating liquidity (to support expected and projected funding requirements), and contingent liquidity (to support unexpected funding requirements resulting from idiosyncratic, systemic, and combination stress events, and regulatory liquidity requirements) in a timely manner from stable and cost-efficient funding sources.
we seek to accomplish this goal by funding loans with stable deposits; by prudently controlling dependence on wholesale funding, particularly short-term unsecured funding; and by maintaining ample available liquidity, including a contingent liquidity buffer of unencumbered high-quality loans and securities. as of december 31, 2020:
core deposits continued to be our primary source of funding and our consolidated year-end loans-to-deposits ratio, which excludes lhfs, was 83.6%;
our cash position (which is defined as cash balance held at the frb) totaled $11.7 billion;
contingent liquidity was $47.3 billion, consisting of unencumbered high-quality liquid securities of $21.8 billion, unused fhlb capacity of $13.9 billion, and our cash position of $11.7 billion. asset liquidity (a component of contingent liquidity) was $33.5 billion, consisting of our cash position of $11.7 billion and unencumbered high-quality liquid securities of $21.8 billion;
available discount window capacity, defined as available total borrowing capacity from the frb based on identified collateral, is secured by non-mortgage commercial and retail loans and totaled $28.9 billion. use of this borrowing capacity would be considered only during exigent circumstances; and
for a summary of our sources and uses of cash by type of activity for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019, see the consolidated statements of cash flows in item 8.
the funding and liquidity unit monitors a variety of liquidity and funding metrics and early warning indicators and metrics, including specific risk thresholds limits. these monitoring tools are broadly classified as follows:
current liquidity sources and capacities, including cash at the frbs, free and liquid securities and available and secured fhlb borrowing capacity;
liquidity stress sources, including idiosyncratic, systemic and combined stresses, in addition to evolving regulatory requirements; and
current and prospective exposures, including secured and unsecured wholesale funding and spot and cumulative cash-flow gaps across a variety of horizons.
further, certain of these metrics are monitored individually for cbna, and for our consolidated enterprise on a daily basis, including cash position, unencumbered securities, asset liquidity, and available fhlb borrowing capacity. in order to identify emerging trends and risks and inform funding decisions, specific metrics are also forecasted over a one-year horizon.
citizens financial group, inc. | 73
contractual obligations table 30: outstanding contractual obligations as of december 31, 2020
(in millions)                                                                                 total              less than 1 year         1 to 3 years         3 to 5 years       more than 5 years deposits with a stated maturity of less than one year (1) (2)                    $137,648                      $137,648                      $-                   $-                     $-
term deposits (1)                                                                   9,516                         8,474                     828                  211                      3
long-term borrowed funds (1) (3)                                                    8,346                         1,361                   2,746                1,586                  2,653
contractual interest payments (4)                                                     895                           224                     287                  217                    167
lease liabilities maturing under non-cancelable operating leases                      921                           149                     277                  201                    294
purchase obligations (5)                                                              944                           411                     396                  116                     21
total outstanding contractual obligations                                        $158,270                      $148,267                  $4,534               $2,331                 $3,138
(1) deposits and long-term borrowed funds exclude interest.
(2) includes demand, checking with interest, regular savings, and money market account deposits. see "-deposits" for further information.
(3) includes obligations under capital leases.
(4) includes accrued interest and future contractual interest obligations related to long-term borrowed funds.
(5) includes purchase obligations for goods and services covered by non-cancelable contracts and contracts including cancellation fees.
off-balance sheet arrangements table 31: outstanding off-balance sheet arrangements december 31,
(in millions)                                                 2020                        2019                    change                 percent commitments to extend credit                    $74,160                            $72,743                   $1,417                       2    %
letters of credit                                 2,239                              2,190                       49                       2
risk participation agreements                        98                                 37                       61                     165
loans sold with recourse                             54                                 37                       17                      46
marketing rights                                     29                                 33                      (4)                    (11)
total                                           $76,580                            $75,040                   $1,540                       2    %
critical accounting estimates our audited consolidated financial statements, which are included in this report, are prepared in accordance with gaap. the preparation of financial statements in conformity with gaap requires us to establish accounting policies and make estimates that affect amounts reported in our audited consolidated financial statements.
an accounting estimate requires assumptions and judgments about uncertain matters that could have a material effect on our audited consolidated financial statements. estimates are made using facts and circumstances known at a point in time. changes in those facts and circumstances could produce results substantially different from those estimates. our most significant accounting policies and estimates and their related application are discussed below. see note 1 in item 8, for further discussion of our significant accounting policies.
allowance for credit losses we reserve for expected credit losses on our loan and lease portfolio through the alll and for expected credit losses in our unfunded lending commitments through other liabilities. collectively, the alll and reserves for expected credit losses in unfunded lending commitments are referred to as the acl.
changes in the acl are reflected in net income through provision for credit losses. changes in the credit risk profile of our loans and leases result in changes in provision expense with a resulting change, net of charge-offs and recoveries, in the acl balance.
the acl is often the most critical of all the accounting estimates for banking institutions like us. the acl is maintained at a level we believe to be appropriate to absorb expected lifetime credit losses over the contractual life of the loan and lease portfolios and on the unfunded lending commitments. our determination of the acl is based on periodic evaluation of the loan and lease portfolios and unfunded lending commitments that are not unconditionally cancellable considering a number of relevant underlying factors, including key assumptions and evaluation of quantitative and qualitative information.
citizens financial group, inc. | 74
key assumptions used in our acl measurement process include the use of a two-year reasonable and supportable economic forecast period followed by a one-year period during which the expected credit losses revert to long-term historical macroeconomic inputs.
the evaluation of quantitative and qualitative information is performed through assessments of groups of assets that share similar risk characteristics and certain individual loans and leases that do not share similar risk characteristics with the collective group. loans are grouped generally by product type (e.g., commercial and industrial, commercial real estate, residential mortgage, etc.), and significant loan portfolios are assessed for credit losses using econometric models. the evaluation process is inherently imprecise and subjective as it requires significant management judgment based on underlying factors that are susceptible to change, sometimes materially and rapidly.
the quantitative evaluation of the adequacy of the acl utilizes a single economic forecast as its foundation, and is primarily based on econometric models that use known or estimated data as of the balance sheet date and forecasted data over the reasonable and supportable period. known and estimated data include current pd, lgd and ead (for commercial), timing and amount of expected draws (for unfunded lending commitments), fico, ltv, term and time on books (for retail loans), mix and level of loan balances, delinquency levels, assigned risk ratings, previous loss experience, current business conditions, amounts and timing of expected future cash flows, and factors particular to a specific commercial credit such as competition, business and management performance. forward-looking economic assumptions include real gross domestic product, unemployment rate, interest rate curve, and changes in collateral values. this data is aggregated to estimate expected credit losses over the contractual life of the loans and leases, adjusted for expected prepayments. in highly volatile economic environments historical information, such as commercial customer financial statements or consumer credit ratings, may not be as important to estimating future expected losses as forecasted inputs to the models.
the acl may also be affected materially by a variety of qualitative factors that we consider to reflect our current judgment of various events and risks that are not measured in our statistical procedures including uncertainty related to the economic forecasts used in the modeled credit loss estimates, loan growth, back testing results, credit underwriting policy exceptions, regulatory and audit findings, and peer comparisons. the qualitative allowance is further informed for certain industry sectors or loan classes by alternative scenarios to support the period-end acl balance. we recognize that this approach may not be suitable in certain economic environments and differing analysis may be requested at management's discretion. due in part to its subjectivity, the qualitative evaluation may be materially impacted during periods of economic uncertainty and late breaking events could lead to revision of reserves to reflect management's best estimate of expected credit losses.
the measurement process results in specific or pooled allowances for loans, leases and unfunded lending commitments, and qualitative allowances that are judgmentally determined and applied across the portfolio.
there are certain loan portfolios that may not need an econometric model to enable us to calculate management's best estimate of the expected credit losses. less data intensive, non-modeled approaches to estimating losses are considered more efficient and practical for portfolios that have lower levels of outstanding balances (e.g., runoff or closed portfolios, and new products or products that are not significant to our overall credit risk exposure).
the difference in acl as of december 31, 2020 as compared to december 31, 2019 continues to be driven by the covid-19 pandemic and associated lockdowns and the resulting economic impacts from march to december 31, 2020, as well as our adoption of cecl on january 1, 2020. we added $451 million in acl upon adoption of cecl, and have added an additional $923 million over 2020, resulting in an ending acl balance of $2.7 billion.
to determine the acl as of december 31, 2020, we utilized an economic scenario that generally reflects real gdp growth of approximately 4% over 2021, returning to fourth quarter 2019 real gdp levels by the last quarter of 2021. the scenario also projects the unemployment rate to be in the range of approximately 7% to 7.5% throughout 2021. while the macroeconomic forecast was slightly improved relative to the third quarter 2020 forecast, we continued to apply management judgment to adjust the modeled reserves in the commercial industry sectors most impacted by the covid-19 pandemic and associated lockdowns, including retail and hospitality, casual dining, retail trade, price-sensitive energy and related, and educational services, as well as in certain retail products.
our determination of the acl is sensitive to changes in forecasted macro-economic conditions during the reasonable and supportable period. to illustrate, we applied a more pessimistic scenario than that described citizens financial group, inc. | 75
above which assumes vaccinations taking longer and covid-19 cases being approximately 50% higher than our current expectations. this pessimistic scenario reflects real gdp growth of approximately 2.5% and unemployment in the range of 8% to 8.5% over 2021. excluding consideration of qualitative adjustments, this scenario would result in a quantitative lifetime loss estimate of approximately 1.2x our period end acl, or an increase of $450 million.
because several quantitative and qualitative factors are considered in determining the acl, this sensitivity analysis does not necessarily reflect the nature and extent of future changes in the acl or even what the acl would be under these economic circumstances. the sensitivity is intended to provide insights into the impact of adverse changes in the macro-economic environment and the corresponding impact to modeled loss estimates. the hypothetical determination does not incorporate the impact of management judgment or other qualitative factors that could be applied in the actual estimation of the acl, and does not imply any expectation of future deterioration in our loss rates.
to provide additional context regarding sensitivity to more pessimistic scenarios, our acl balance of $2.7 billion represents 31% of the $8.6 billion of nine-quarter losses projected in the federal reserve run of the december 2020 supervisory severely adverse scenario (the "supervisory severely adverse scenario"), which forecasted more protracted unemployment and gdp declines compared with our acl calculation. our acl calculation also included the impacts of government stimulus.
comparatively, our acl represents 53% of the $5.1 billion of projected losses in the company run results of the supervisory severely adverse scenario. losses projected under the company run supervisory severely adverse scenario are lower than the federal reserve run results due to methodology and modeling differences. as an example, the federal reserve's models did not recognize contractual loss sharing arrangements in the merchant loan portfolio. in addition, both the company run and federal reserve run results include incremental losses associated with loan originations assumed post-june 30, 2020. in contrast, our december 31, 2020 acl balance considers only existing loans and lines of credit as of the reporting date.
while the recovery path is clearer than it was at the end of the third quarter 2020, significant future uncertainty still exists, including size and timing of further monetary and fiscal stimulus, and progress in the rollout of covid-19-related vaccines. it remains difficult to estimate how changes in economic forecasts might affect our acl because such forecasts consider a wide variety of variables and inputs, and changes in the variables and inputs may not occur at the same time or in the same direction, and such changes may have differing impacts by product types. further, the variables and inputs may be idiosyncratically affected by existing or future monetary and fiscal stimulus programs and forbearance and other customer accommodation efforts. nevertheless, changes in one or multiple of the key variables may have a material impact to our estimation of expected credit losses.
we continue to monitor the impact of the covid-19 pandemic, vaccination efforts, and related policy measures on the economy and the resulting potentially material effects on the acl.
for additional information regarding the alll and reserve for unfunded lending commitments, see note 1 and note 5 in item 8.
goodwill goodwill is initially recorded as the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of net assets acquired in a business combination and is assigned to our reporting units at the acquisition date. our reporting units align to our operating segments identified in note 25 in item 8. we have identified and assigned goodwill totaling $7.1 billion at december 31, 2020, to our reporting units as follows: $2.3 billion to consumer banking and $4.8 billion to commercial banking.
goodwill is not amortized but is subject to annual impairment tests. we review goodwill for impairment annually as of october 31 and in interim periods when events or changes indicate the carrying value of one or more reporting units may not be recoverable. if it is more likely than not that the fair value exceeds the carrying value, no further testing is necessary, otherwise a quantitative assessment of goodwill is required.
the quantitative assessment used to identify potential impairment involves comparing each reporting unit's fair value to its carrying value, including goodwill. if the fair value of a reporting unit exceeds its carrying value inclusive of goodwill, the applicable goodwill is not considered impaired. if the carrying value of the reporting unit inclusive of goodwill exceeds its fair value, an impairment charge against net income is recorded equal to the excess amount. under the quantitative impairment assessment, the fair values of our reporting units are determined using a combination of income and market-based approaches. we rely on the income approach citizens financial group, inc. | 76
(discounted cash flow method, or "dcf") as our primary method to determine a range of values for each reporting unit, with the market and transaction approaches used to inform management of the best estimate of value within that range.
significant management judgment is necessary in the determination of the fair value of a reporting unit as the income approach requires an estimation of future cash flows, considering the after-tax results of operations, the extent and timing of credit losses, and appropriate discount and capital retention rates. the determination of fair value is a highly subjective process, and actual future cash flows may differ from forecasted results.
cash flow projections rely upon multi-year financial forecasts developed for each reporting unit that consider key business drivers such as new business initiatives, customer retention standards, market share changes, anticipated loan and deposit growth, fees and expenses, forward interest rates, historical performance, credit performance, and industry and economic trends, among other considerations. the long-term growth rate used in determining the terminal value of each reporting unit is estimated based on management's assessment of the minimum expected terminal growth rate of each reporting unit, as well as broader economic considerations such as gdp, unemployment and inflation.
our discount rate was based on the estimated cost of equity under the capital asset pricing model, which considers the risk-free interest rate, market risk premium, and beta specific to a particular reporting unit. the discount rates are also calibrated on the assessment of the risks related to the projected cash flows of each reporting unit.
under the market approach, valuation of our reporting units considers a combination of earnings and equity multiples from companies with characteristics similar to the reporting unit. since the fair values determined under the market approach are representative of non-controlling interests, the valuations incorporate a control premium.
we performed our annual goodwill impairment assessment on a quantitative basis in the fourth quarter of 2020. when calculating the fair value of our reporting units under the income approach, short and medium-term forecasts incorporated current economic conditions and ongoing impacts of the covid-19 pandemic and associated lockdowns, including a federal funds target near zero and near-term elevated acl, offset by significant monetary and fiscal stimulus. long-term cash flow projections reflected normalized rate and credit environments, as well as a long-term rate of return for each reporting unit. at the conclusion of the quantitative assessment it was determined that the estimated fair value of the commercial banking and consumer banking reporting units substantially exceed their carrying values due primarily to an improvement in the short and medium-term economic forecasts.
when performing the quantitative goodwill impairment assessment in the fourth quarter of 2020, we corroborated the fair value of our reporting units determined by the dcf method by adding the aggregated sum of these fair value measurements to the fair value of our other non-segment operations and comparing this total to our observed market capitalization. the excess of the sum of the fair values of the reporting units over the market capitalization of citizens decreased from third quarter of 2020 to october 31, 2020, and decreased significantly to december 31, 2020 as our per share price rose from $25.28 to $35.76. the increase in our market capitalization resulted in a corresponding decrease in our implied control premium.
fair value we measure fair value of assets and liabilities using the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. fair value is also used on a recurring and nonrecurring basis to evaluate certain assets for impairment or for financial statement disclosure purposes. examples of nonrecurring uses of fair value include impairment for certain loans, leases and goodwill. examples of recurring uses of fair value for financial statement disclosure purposes include disclosure of the fair value of certain financial assets and liabilities accounted for on an amortized cost basis, such as htm securities. for certain assets or liabilities, the application of management judgment in the determination of the fair value is more significant due to the lack of observable market data.
msrs do not trade in an active market with readily observable prices. msrs are classified as level 3 since the valuation methodology utilizes significant unobservable inputs. the msr fair value was calculated using a discounted cash flow model which used assumptions, including weighted-average life, prepayment assumptions and weighted-average option adjusted spread. it is important to note that changes in our assumptions may not be citizens financial group, inc. | 77
independent of each other; changes in one assumption may result in changes to another (e.g., changes in interest rates, which are inversely correlated to changes in prepayment rates, may result in changes to discount rates). the underlying assumptions and estimated values are corroborated by values received from independent third parties based on their review of the servicing portfolio, and comparisons to market transactions.
for additional information regarding our fair value measurements, see note 1, note 3, note 8, note 13, and note 19 in item 8.
risk governance we are committed to maintaining a strong, integrated and proactive approach to the management of all risks to which we are exposed in pursuit of our business objectives. a key aspect of our board's responsibility as the main decision making body is setting our risk appetite to ensure that the levels of risk that we are willing to accept in the attainment of our strategic business and financial objectives are clearly understood.
to enable our board to carry out its objectives, it has delegated authority for risk management activities, as well as governance and oversight of those activities, to a number of board and executive management level risk committees. the executive risk committee ("erc"), chaired by the chief risk officer, is responsible for oversight of risk across the enterprise and actively considers our inherent material risks, analyzes our overall risk profile and seeks confirmation that the risks are being appropriately identified, assessed and mitigated. reporting to the erc are the following additional committees, covering specific areas of risk: compliance and operational risk committee, model risk committee, credit policy committee, asset liability committee, business initiatives review committee, and the conduct and ethics committee.
risk framework our risk management framework is embedded in our business through a "three lines of defense" model which defines responsibilities and accountabilities for risk management activities.
first line of defense the business lines (including their associated support functions) are the first line of defense and are accountable for identifying, assessing, managing, and controlling the risks associated with the products and services they provide. the business lines are responsible for performing regular risk assessments to identify and assess the material risks that arise in their area of responsibility, complying with relevant risk policies, testing and certifying the adequacy and effectiveness of their operational and financial reporting controls on a regular basis, establishing and documenting operating procedures and establishing and owning a governance structure for identifying and managing risk.
second line of defense the second line of defense includes independent monitoring and control functions accountable for developing and ensuring implementation of risk and control frameworks and related policies. this centralized risk function is appropriately independent from the business and is accountable for overseeing and challenging our business lines on the effective management of their risks, including credit, market, operational, regulatory, reputational, interest rate, liquidity and strategic risks.
third line of defense our internal audit function is the third line of defense providing independent assurance with a view of the effectiveness of our internal controls, governance practices, and culture so that risk is managed appropriately for the size, complexity, and risk profile of the organization. internal audit has complete and unrestricted access to any and all of our records, physical properties and personnel. internal audit issues a report following each internal review and provides an audit opinion to the board's audit committee on a quarterly basis.
credit quality assurance reports to the chief audit executive and provides the legal-entity boards, senior management and other stakeholders with independent assurance on the quality of credit portfolios and adherence to agreed credit risk appetite and credit policies and processes. in line with its procedures and regulatory expectations, the credit quality assurance function undertakes a program of portfolio testing, assessing and reporting through four risk pillars of asset quality, rating and data integrity, risk management and credit risk appetite.
citizens financial group, inc. | 78
risk appetite risk appetite is a strategic business and risk management tool. we define our risk appetite as the maximum limit of acceptable risk beyond which we could be unable to achieve our strategic objectives and capital adequacy obligations.
our principal non-market risks include credit, operational, regulatory, reputational, liquidity and strategic risks. we are also subject to certain market risks which include potential losses arising from changes in interest rates, foreign exchange rates, equity prices, commodity prices and/or other relevant market rates or prices. market risk in our business arises from trading activities that serve customer needs, including hedging of interest rates, foreign exchange risk and non-trading activities within capital markets. we have established enterprise-wide policies and methodologies to identify, measure, monitor and report on market risk. we actively manage both trading and non-trading market risks. see "-market risk" for further information. our risk appetite is reviewed and approved annually by the board risk committee.
credit risk overview credit risk represents the potential for loss arising from a customer, counterparty, or issuer failing to perform in accordance with the contractual terms of the obligation. while the majority of our credit risk is associated with lending activities, we do engage with other financial counterparties for a variety of purposes including investing, asset and liability management, and trading activities. given the financial impact of credit risk on our earnings and balance sheet, the assessment, approval and management of credit risk represents a major part of our overall risk-management responsibility.
objective the independent credit risk function is responsible for reviewing and approving credit risk appetite across all lines of business and credit products, approving larger and higher risk credit transactions, monitoring portfolio performance, identifying problem credit exposures, and ensuring remedial management.
organizational structure management and oversight of credit risk is the responsibility of both the business line and the second line of defense. the second line of defense, the independent credit risk function, is led by the chief credit officer who oversees all of our credit risk. the chief credit officer reports to the chief risk officer. the chief credit officer, acting in a manner consistent with board policies, has responsibility for, among other things, the governance process around policies, procedures, risk acceptance criteria, credit risk appetite, limits and authority delegation. the chief credit officer and team also have responsibility for credit approvals for larger and higher risk transactions and oversight of line of business credit risk activities. reporting to the chief credit officer are the heads of the second line of defense credit functions specializing in: consumer banking, commercial banking, citizens restructuring management, portfolio and corporate reporting, alll analytics, current expected credit loss, and credit policy and administration. each team under these leaders is composed of highly experienced credit professionals.
governance the primary mechanisms used to govern our credit risk function are our consumer and commercial credit policies. these policies outline the minimum acceptable lending standards that align with our desired risk appetite. material changes in our business model and strategies that identify a need to change our risk appetite or highlight a risk not previously contemplated are identified by the individual committees and presented to the credit policy committee, executive risk committee and the board risk committee for approval, as appropriate.
key management processes we employ a comprehensive and integrated risk control program to proactively identify, measure, monitor, and mitigate existing and emerging credit risks across the credit life cycle (origination, account management/portfolio management, and loss mitigation and recovery).
consumer on the consumer banking side of credit risk, our teams use models to evaluate consumer loans across the life cycle of the loan. starting at origination, credit scoring models are used to forecast the probability of default citizens financial group, inc. | 79
of an applicant. when approving customers for a new loan or extension of an existing credit line, credit scores are used in conjunction with other credit risk variables such as affordability, length of term, collateral value, collateral type, and lien subordination.
to ensure proper oversight of the underwriting teams, lending authority is granted by the second line of defense credit risk function to each underwriter. the amount of delegated authority depends on the experience of the individual. we periodically evaluate the performance of each underwriter and annually reauthorize their delegated authority. only senior members of the second line of defense credit risk team are authorized to approve significant exceptions to credit policies. it is not uncommon to make exceptions to established policies when compensating factors are present. there are exception limits which, when reached, trigger a comprehensive analysis.
once an account is established, credit scores and collateral values are refreshed at regular intervals to allow for proactive identification of increasing or decreasing levels of credit risk. our approach to managing credit risk is highly analytical and, where appropriate, is automated to ensure consistency and efficiency.
commercial on the commercial banking side of credit risk, the structure is broken into c&i loans, leases and cre. within c&i loans and leases there are separate verticals established for certain specialty products (e.g., asset-based lending, leasing, franchise finance, health care, technology and mid-corporate). a "specialty vertical" is a stand-alone team of industry or product specialists. substantially all activity that falls under the ambit of the defined industry or product is managed through a specialty vertical when one exists. cre also operates as a specialty vertical.
commercial credit risk management begins with defined credit products and policies.
commercial transactions are subject to individual analysis and approval at origination and, with few exceptions, are subject to a formal annual review requirement. the underwriting process includes the establishment and approval of credit grades that confirm the pd and lgd. all material transactions then require the approval of both a business line approver and an independent credit approver with the requisite level of delegated authority. the approval level of a particular credit facility is determined by the size of the credit relationship as well as the pd. the checks and balances in the credit process and the independence of the credit approver function are designed to appropriately assess and sanction the level of credit risk being accepted, facilitate the early recognition of credit problems when they occur, and to provide for effective problem asset management and resolution. all authority to grant credit is delegated through the independent credit risk function and is closely monitored and regularly updated.
the primary factors considered in commercial credit approvals are the financial strength of the borrower, assessment of the borrower's management capabilities, cash flows from operations, industry sector trends, type and sufficiency of collateral, type of exposure, transaction structure, and the general economic outlook. while these are the primary factors considered, there are a number of other factors that may be considered in the decision process. in addition to the credit analysis conducted during the approval process at origination and annual review, our credit quality assurance group performs testing to provide an independent review and assessment of the quality of the portfolio and new originations. this group conducts portfolio reviews on a risk-based cycle to evaluate individual loans and validate risk ratings, as well as test the consistency of the credit processes and the effectiveness of credit risk management.
the maximum level of credit exposure to individual credit borrowers is limited by policy guidelines based on the perceived risk of each borrower or related group of borrowers. concentration risk is managed through limits on industry asset class and loan quality factors. we focus predominantly on extending credit to commercial customers with existing or expandable relationships within our primary markets (for this purpose defined as our 11 state footprint plus contiguous states), although we do engage in lending opportunities outside our primary markets if we believe that the associated risks are acceptable and aligned with strategic initiatives.
substantially all loans categorized as classified are managed by a specialized group of credit professionals.
market risk market risk refers to potential losses arising from changes in interest rates, foreign exchange rates, equity prices, commodity prices and/or other relevant market rates or prices. modest market risk arises from trading activities that serve customer needs, including hedging of interest rate and foreign exchange risk. as citizens financial group, inc. | 80
described below, more material market risk arises from our non-trading banking activities, such as loan origination and deposit-gathering. we have established enterprise-wide policies and methodologies to identify, measure, monitor and report market risk. we actively manage market risk for both trading and non-trading activities.
non-trading risk we are exposed to market risk as a result of non-trading banking activities. this market risk is substantially composed of interest rate risk, as we have no commodity risk and de minimis direct currency and equity risk. we also have market risk related to capital markets loan originations, as well as the valuation of our msrs.
interest rate risk interest rate risk emerges from the balance sheet after the aggregation of our assets, liabilities and equity. we refer to this non-trading risk embedded in the balance sheet as "structural interest rate risk" or "interest rate risk in the banking book."
a major source of structural interest rate risk is a difference in the repricing of assets relative to liabilities and equity. there are differences in the timing and drivers of rate changes reflecting the maturity and/or repricing of assets and liabilities. for example, the rate earned on a commercial loan may reprice monthly with changes in libor, while the rate paid on debt or certificates of deposit may be fixed for a longer period. there may also be differences in the drivers of rate changes. loans may be tied to a specific index rate such as libor or prime, while deposits may be only loosely correlated with libor and dependent upon competitive demand. due to these basis differences, net interest income is sensitive to changes in spreads between certain indices or repricing rates.
another important source of structural interest rate risk relates to the potential exercise of explicit or embedded options. for example, most consumer loans can be prepaid without penalty and most consumer deposits can also be withdrawn without penalty. the exercise of such options by customers can exacerbate the timing differences discussed above.
a primary source of our structural interest rate risk relates to faster repricing of floating-rate loans relative to core deposit funding. this source of asset sensitivity is more biased toward the short end of the yield curve.
the secondary source of our interest rate risk is driven by longer term rates comprising the rollover or reinvestment risk on fixed-rate loans, as well as prepayment risk on mortgage-related loans and securities funded by non-rate sensitive deposits and equity.
the primary goal of interest rate risk management is to control exposure to interest rate risk within policy limits approved by our board. these limits and guidelines reflect our tolerance for interest rate risk over both short-term and long-term horizons. to ensure that exposure to interest rate risk is managed within our risk appetite, we must measure the exposure and hedge it, as necessary. the treasury asset and liability management team is responsible for measuring, monitoring and reporting on our structural interest rate risk position. these exposures are reported on a monthly basis to the asset liability committee and at board meetings.
we measure structural interest rate risk through a variety of metrics intended to quantify both short-term and long-term exposures. the primary method we use to quantify interest rate risk is simulation analysis in which we model net interest income from assets, liabilities and hedge derivative positions under various interest rate scenarios over a three-year horizon. exposure to interest rate risk is reflected in the variation of forecasted net interest income across the scenarios.
key assumptions in this simulation analysis relate to the behavior of interest rates and spreads, the changes in product balances and the behavior of loan and deposit clients in different rate environments. the most material of these behavioral assumptions relate to the repricing characteristics and balance fluctuations of deposits with indeterminate (i.e., non-contractual) maturities, as well as the pace of mortgage prepayments. assessments are periodically made by running sensitivity analyses to determine the impact of key assumptions. the results of these analyses are reported to the asset liability committee.
as the future path of interest rates cannot be known in advance, we use simulation analysis to project net interest income under various interest rate scenarios including a "most likely" (implied forward) scenario, as well as a variety of deliberately extreme and perhaps unlikely scenarios. these scenarios may assume gradual citizens financial group, inc. | 81
ramping of the overall level of interest rates, immediate shocks to the level of rates and various yield curve twists in which movements in short- or long-term rates predominate. generally, projected net interest income in any interest rate scenario is compared to net interest income in a base case where market forward rates are realized.
the table below reports net interest income exposures against a variety of interest rate scenarios. our policies involve measuring exposures as a percentage change in net interest income over the next year due to either instantaneous or gradual parallel changes in rates relative to the market implied forward yield curve. as the following table illustrates, our balance sheet is asset-sensitive; net interest income would benefit from an increase in interest rates, while exposure to a decline in interest rates is within limit. while an instantaneous and severe shift in interest rates is included in this analysis, we believe that any actual shift in interest rates would likely be more gradual and therefore have a more modest impact.
table 32: sensitivity of net interest income estimated % change in net interest income over 12 months december 31, basis points              2020                                2019
instantaneous change in interest rates
200        21.2     %                           6.9     %
100        11.2                                 3.6
-25       (2.7)                               (1.3)
gradual change in interest rates
200        10.8     %                           3.2     %
100         5.5                                 1.5
-25       (1.5)                               (0.5)
we continue to manage asset sensitivity within the scope of our policy and changing market conditions. asset sensitivity against a 200 basis point gradual increase in rates was 10.8% at december 31, 2020, compared with 3.2% at december 31, 2019. current levels of asset sensitivity are elevated relative to our core sensitivity profile due to meaningful increases in cash and deposit balances as a result of monetary and fiscal stimulus programs. this increase in asset sensitivity is recognition of the current level of historically low interest rates and is consistent with our positioning in prior periods of policy rates between zero and 25 basis points. the risk position can be affected by changes in interest rates which impact the repricing sensitivity or beta of the deposit base as well as the cash flows on assets that allow for early payoff without a penalty. the risk position is managed within our risk limits, and long term view of interest rates through occasional adjustments to securities investments, interest rate swaps and mix of funding.
we use a valuation measure of exposure to structural interest rate risk, economic value of equity ("eve"), as a supplement to net interest income simulations. eve complements net interest income simulation analysis, as it estimates risk exposure over a long-term horizon. eve measures the extent to which the economic value of assets, liabilities and off-balance sheet instruments may change in response to fluctuations in interest rates. this analysis is highly dependent upon assumptions applied to assets and liabilities with non-contractual maturities. the change in value is expressed as a percentage of regulatory capital.
we use interest rate swap contracts to manage the interest rate exposure to variability in the interest cash flows on our floating-rate assets and floating-rate wholesale funding, and to hedge market risk on fixed-rate capital markets debt issuances.
citizens financial group, inc. | 82
table 33: interest rate swap contracts used to manage non-trading interest rate exposure december 31, 2020                                                                                     december 31, 2019
weighted average                                                                                      weighted average
(dollars in millions)                                                      notional amount                             maturity (years)         receive rate             pay rate                              notional amount                    maturity (years)         receive rate       pay rate cash flow - receive-fixed/pay-variable - conventional alm                  $12,350                                          1.0                   1.5      %           0.2      %                              $19,350                                 1.5                   1.7      %       1.7    %
fair value - receive-fixed/pay-variable - conventional debt                  3,200                                          1.7                   2.1                  0.2                                       4,650                                 2.0                   2.0              1.9
cash flow - pay-fixed/receive-variable - conventional alm(1)                 4,750                                          3.9                   0.2                  1.4                                       3,000                                 4.5                   1.7              1.7
fair value - pay-fixed/receive-variable - conventional alm                   2,000                                          3.7                   0.2                  1.5                                       2,846                                 4.5                   1.8              1.8
total portfolio swaps                                                      $22,300                                          2.0                   1.2      %           0.6      %                              $29,846                                 2.2                   1.8      %       1.8    %
(1) includes $1.8 billion of forward-starting, pay-fixed interest rate swaps.
using the interest rate curve at december 31, 2020, the estimated net contribution to net interest income related to the alm interest rate swap contracts we use to manage the interest rate exposure to the variability in the interest cash flows on our floating-rate commercial loans and floating-rate wholesale funding, as well as the variability in the fair value of afs securities is approximately $58 million for the full-year 2021. this amount could differ from amounts actually recognized due to changes in interest rates, hedge de-designations, and the addition of other hedges subsequent to december 31, 2020.
table 34: pre-tax gains (losses) recorded in the consolidated statements of operations and the consolidated statements of comprehensive income amounts recognized for the year ended december 31,
(in millions)                                                                                                       2020   2019
amount of pre-tax net gains recognized in oci                                                           $130                                                                    $138
amount of pre-tax net gains (losses) reclassified from oci into interest income                          184                                                                    (68)
amount of pre-tax net (losses) gains reclassified from oci into interest expense                        (35)               11
libor transition as previously disclosed, many of our lending products, securities, derivatives, and other financial transactions utilize the libor benchmark rate and will be impacted by its planned discontinuance. in late 2018, we formed a libor transition program designed to guide the organization through the planned discontinuation of libor. the program, with direction and oversight from our chief financial officer, is responsible for developing, maintaining and executing against a coordinated strategy to ensure a timely and orderly transition from libor. the program is structured to address various initiatives including program governance, transition management, communications, exposure management, new alternative reference rate product delivery, risk management, contract remediation, operations and technology readiness, accounting and reporting, as well as tax and regulation impacts. we have identified and are monitoring the risks associated with the libor transition on a quarterly basis.
the arrc recommended that banks be systemically and operationally capable of supporting transactions in alternative reference rates, such as sofr, by the end of september 2020. guided by this milestone, we are systemically and operationally prepared to support alternative reference rate transactions. in light of announcements from the ice benchmark administration regarding their proposal to extend the availability of u.s. dollar libor for most tenors through june 20, 2023 and the support for this proposal from the official sector in the u.s., we are now engaged in determining the impact that this change may have on our libor transition activities. remaining mindful that regulators are still urging market participants to stop entering into new u.s. dollar libor contracts as soon as practicable, but no later than the end of 2021, we will continue all efforts to move new originations to alternative reference rates over the course of 2021. however, plans for legacy contract remediation will extend through mid-2023 should the proposal become final in its current form. more broadly, program governance remains robust, and progress has been made in the above-outlined initiatives as management closely monitors the consultations and waits for timelines to be finalized.
citizens financial group, inc. | 83
for a further discussion of how the discontinuance of libor may impact our business, see item 1a "risk factors."
capital markets a key component of our capital markets activities is the underwriting and distribution of corporate credit facilities to partially finance mergers and acquisitions transactions for our clients.  we have a rigorous risk management process around these activities, including a limit structure capping our underwriting risk, our potential loss, and sub-limits for specific asset classes.  further, the ability to approve underwriting exposure is delegated only to senior level individuals in the credit risk management and capital markets organizations with each transaction adjudicated in the loan underwriting approval committee.
mortgage servicing rights we have market risk associated with the value of residential msrs, which are impacted by various types of inherent risks, including risks related to duration, basis, convexity, volatility and yield curve. through december 31, 2019, we had elected to account for the msrs acquired from famc at fair value while maintaining a lower of cost or market approach on our msrs held before the famc acquisition. on january 1, 2020, we elected to change our accounting treatment such that all msrs will be accounted for at fair value.
as part of our overall risk management strategy relative to the fair market value of the msrs we enter into various free-standing derivatives, such as interest rate swaps, interest rate swaptions, interest rate futures, and forward contracts to purchase mortgage-backed securities to economically hedge the changes in fair value. as of december 31, 2020 and 2019, the fair value of our msrs was $658 million and $642 million, respectively, and the total notional amount of related derivative contracts was $11.4 billion and $8.6 billion, respectively. gains and losses on msrs and the related derivatives used for hedging are included in mortgage banking fees on the consolidated statements of operations.
as with our traded market risk-based activities, earnings at risk excludes the impact of msrs. msrs are captured under our single price risk management framework that is used for calculating a management value at risk that is consistent with the definition used by banking regulators, as defined below.
trading risk we are exposed to market risk primarily through client facilitation activities including derivatives and foreign exchange products, as well as corporate bond underwriting and market making activities. exposure is created as a result of changes in interest rates and related basis spreads and volatility, foreign exchange rates, and credit spreads on a select range of interest rates, foreign exchange, commodities, corporate bonds and secondary loan instruments. these trading activities are conducted through cbna and ccmi.
client facilitation activities consist primarily of interest rate derivatives, financially settled commodity derivatives and foreign exchange contracts where we enter into offsetting trades with a separate counterparty or exchange to manage our market risk exposure. in addition to the aforementioned activities, we operate a secondary loan trading desk with the objective to meet secondary liquidity needs of our issuing clients' transactions and investor clients. we do not engage in any trading activities with the intent to benefit from short-term price differences.
we record these rate derivatives and foreign exchange contracts as derivative assets and liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets. trading assets and liabilities are carried at fair value with income earned related to these activities included in net interest income. changes in fair value of trading assets and liabilities are reflected in other income, a component of noninterest income on the consolidated statements of operations.
market risk governance the market risk limit setting process is established in-line with the formal enterprise risk appetite process and policy. this appetite reflects the strategic and enterprise level articulation of opportunities for creating franchise value set to the boundaries of how much market risk to assume. dealing authorities represent the key control tool in the management of market risk that allows the cascading of the risk appetite throughout the enterprise. a dealing authority sets the operational scope and tolerances within which a business and/or trading desk is permitted to operate, which is reviewed at least annually. dealing authorities are structured to accommodate client facing trades and hedges needed to manage the risk profile. primary responsibility for keeping within established tolerances resides with the business. key risk indicators, including var, open foreign citizens financial group, inc. | 84
currency positions and single name risk, are monitored on a daily basis and reported against tolerances consistent with our risk appetite and business strategy to relevant business line management and risk counterparts.
market risk measurement we use var as a statistical measure for estimating potential exposure of our traded market risk in normal market conditions. our var framework for risk management and regulatory reporting is the same. risk management var is based on a one day holding period to a 99% confidence level, whereas regulatory var is based on a ten day holding period to the same confidence level. in addition to var, non-statistical measurements for measuring risk are employed, such as sensitivity analysis, market value and stress testing.
our market risk platform and associated market risk and valuation models capture correlation effects across all our "covered positions" and allow for aggregation of market risk across products, risk types, business lines and legal entities. we measure, monitor and report market risk for both management and regulatory capital purposes.
var overview the market risk measurement model is based on historical simulation. the var measure estimates the extent of any fair value losses on trading positions that may occur due to broad market movements (general var) such as changes in the level of interest rates, foreign exchange rates, equity prices and commodity prices. it is calculated on the basis that current positions remain broadly unaltered over the course of a given holding period. it is assumed that markets are sufficiently liquid to allow the business to close its positions, if required, within this holding period. var's benefit is that it captures the historic correlations of a portfolio. based on the composition of our "covered positions," we also use a standardized add-on approach for the loan trading and high yield bond desks' specific risk capital which estimates the extent of any losses that may occur from factors other than broad market movements. the general var approach is expressed in terms of a confidence level over the past 500 trading days. the internal var measure (used as the basis of the main var trading limits) is a 99% confidence level with a one day holding period, meaning that a loss greater than the var is expected to occur, on average, on only one day in 100 trading days (i.e., 1% of the time). theoretically, there should be a loss event greater than var two to three times per year. the regulatory measure of var is done at a 99% confidence level with a ten-day holding period. the historical market data applied to calculate the var is updated on a two business day lag. refer to "market risk regulatory capital" below for details of our ten-day var metrics for the quarters ended december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively, including high, low, average and period end var for interest rate and foreign exchange rate risks, as well as total var.
citizens financial group, inc. | 85
market risk regulatory capital the u.s. banking regulators' "market risk rule" covers the calculation of market risk capital. for the purposes of the market risk rule, all of our client facing trades and associated hedges maintain a net low risk and do qualify, as "covered positions." the internal management var measure is calculated based on the same population of trades that is utilized for regulatory var.
table 35: results of modeled and non-modeled measures for regulatory capital calculations
(in millions)                                                                                                                                          for the three months ended december 31, 2020                                                                            for the three months ended december 31, 2019
market risk category                                                                           period end                  average                       high                          low                             period end                  average                       high                          low interest rate                                                                                    $2                        $2                            $4                            $-                                $1                        $-                            $1                            $-
foreign exchange currency rate                                                                    -                        -                             -                             -                                  -                        -                             -                             -
credit spread                                                                                     9         10                            12                            3                                                 5         4                             5                             3
commodity                                                                                         -                        -                             -                             -                                  -                        -                             -                             -
general var                                                                                       9         8                             13                            4                                                 5         4                             5                             3
specific risk var                                                                                 -                        -                             -                             -                                  -                        -                             -                             -
total var                                                                                        $9                        $8                            $13                           $4                                $5                        $4                            $5                            $3
stressed general var                                                                            $13                        $10                           $16                           $6                               $13                        $10                           $13                           $7
stressed specific risk var                                                                        -                        -                             -                             -                                  -                        -                             -                             -
total stressed var                                                                              $13                        $10                           $16                           $6                               $13                        $10                           $13                           $7
market risk regulatory capital                                                                  $56                                                                                                                     $42
specific risk not modeled add-on                                                                 14                                                                                                                      14
de minimis exposure add-on                                                                        -                                                                                                                       -
total market risk regulatory capital                                                            $70                                                                                                                     $56
market risk-weighted assets (calculated)                                                       $871                                                                                                                    $695
market risk-weighted assets (included in our fr y-9c regulatory filing)                        $871                                                                                                                    $695
stressed var svar is an extension of var, but uses a longer historical look-back horizon that is fixed from january 3, 2005. this is done not only to identify headline risks from more volatile periods, but also to provide a counter-balance to var which may be low during periods of low volatility. the holding period for profit and loss determination is ten days. in addition to risk management purposes, svar is also a component of market risk regulatory capital. we calculate svar daily under its own dynamic window regime. in a dynamic window regime, values of the ten-day, 99% var are calculated over all possible 260-day periods that can be obtained from the complete historical data set. refer to "market risk regulatory capital" above for details of svar metrics, including high, low, average and period end svar for the combined portfolio.
sensitivity analysis sensitivity analysis is the measure of exposure to a single risk factor, such as a one basis point change in rates or credit spread. we conduct and monitor sensitivity on interest rates, basis spreads, foreign exchange exposures, option prices and credit spreads. whereas var is based on previous moves in market risk factors over recent periods, it may not be an accurate predictor of future market moves. sensitivity analysis complements var as it provides an indication of risk relative to each factor irrespective of historical market moves, and is an effective tool in evaluating the appropriateness of hedging strategies and concentrations.
stress testing conducting a stress test of a portfolio consists of running risk models with the inclusion of key variables that simulate various historical or hypothetical scenarios. for historical stress tests, profit and loss results are simulated for selected time periods corresponding to the most volatile underlying returns while hypothetical stress tests aim to consider concentration risk, illiquidity under stressed market conditions and risk arising from our trading activities that may not be fully captured by our other risk measurement methodologies. hypothetical scenarios also assume that market moves happen simultaneously and no repositioning or hedging activity takes place to mitigate losses as market events unfold. we generate stress tests of our trading positions on a daily basis. for example, we currently include a stress test that simulates a "lehman-type" crisis scenario by taking citizens financial group, inc. | 86
the worst 20-trading day peak to trough moves for the various risk factors that go into var from that period, and assumes they occurred simultaneously.
var model review and validation market risk measurement models used are independently reviewed and subject to ongoing performance analysis by the model owners. the independent review and validation focuses on the model methodology, market data, and performance. independent review of market risk measurement models is the responsibility of citizens' model risk management and validation team. aspects covered include challenging the assumptions used, the quantitative techniques employed and the theoretical justification underpinning them and an assessment of the soundness of the required data over time. where possible, the quantitative impact of the major underlying modeling assumptions will be estimated (e.g., through developing alternative models). results of such reviews are shared with our u.s. banking regulators. the market risk models may be periodically enhanced due to changes in market price levels and price action regime behavior. the market risk management and validation team will conduct internal validation before a new or changed model element is implemented and before a change is made to a market data mapping.
var backtesting backtesting is one form of validation of the var model and is run daily. the market risk rule requires a comparison of our internal var measure to the actual net trading revenue (excluding fees, commissions, reserves, intra-day trading and net interest income) for each day over the preceding year (the most recent 250 business days). any observed loss in excess of the var number is taken as an exception. the level of exceptions determines the multiplication factor used to derive the var and svar-based capital requirement for regulatory reporting purposes, when applicable. we perform sub-portfolio backtesting as required under the market risk rule, using models approved by our banking regulators, for interest rate, credit spread, and foreign exchange positions.
the following graph shows our daily net trading revenue and total internal, modeled var for the year ended december 31, 2020.
daily var backtesting citizens financial group, inc. | 87
non-gaap financial measures and reconciliations for more information on the computation of non-gaap financial measures, see "-introduction - non-gaap financial measures," included in this report. the following tables present computations of non-gaap financial measures representing our "underlying" results used throughout the md&a:
table 36: reconciliations of non-gaap measures year ended december 31,
(in millions, except share, per share and ratio data)                                                    ref.                  2020                            2019
total revenue, underlying:
total revenue (gaap)                                                                                     a              $6,905                          $6,491
less: notable items                                                                                                          -                               -
total revenue, underlying (non-gaap)                                                                     b              $6,905                          $6,491
noninterest expense, underlying:
noninterest expense (gaap)                                                                               c              $3,991                          $3,847
less: notable items                                                                                      125                                                68
noninterest expense, underlying (non-gaap)                                                               d              $3,866                          $3,779
pre-provision profit:
total revenue (gaap)                                                                                     a               6,905                          $6,491
less: noninterest expense (gaap)                                                                         c               3,991                           3,847
pre-provision profit (gaap)                                                                                             $2,914                          $2,644
pre-provision profit, underlying:
total revenue, underlying (non-gaap)                                                                     b              $6,905                          $6,491
less: noninterest expense, underlying (non-gaap)                                                         d               3,866                           3,779
pre-provision profit, underlying (non-gaap)                                                                             $3,039                          $2,712
income before income tax expense, underlying:
income before income tax expense (gaap)                                                                  e              $1,298                          $2,251
less: expense before income tax benefit related to notable items                                                         (125)                            (68)
income before income tax expense, underlying (non-gaap)                                                  f              $1,423                          $2,319
income tax expense and effective income tax rate, underlying:
income tax expense (gaap)                                                                                g                $241                            $460
less: income tax benefit related to notable items                                                                         (42)                            (51)
income tax expense, underlying (non-gaap)                                                                h                $283                            $511
effective income tax rate (gaap)                                                                         g/e             18.54    %                      20.43    %
effective income tax rate, underlying (non-gaap)                                                         h/f             19.92                           22.03
net income, underlying:
net income (gaap)                                                                                        i              $1,057                          $1,791
add: notable items, net of income tax benefit                                                            83                                                 17
net income, underlying (non-gaap)                                                                        j              $1,140                          $1,808
net income available to common stockholders, underlying:
net income available to common stockholders (gaap)                                                       k                $950                          $1,718
add: notable items, net of income tax benefit                                                            83                                                 17
net income available to common stockholders, underlying (non-gaap)                                       l              $1,033                          $1,735
return on average common equity and return on average common equity, underlying:
average common equity (gaap)                                                                             m             $20,438                         $20,325
return on average common equity                                                                          k/m              4.65    %                       8.45    %
return on average common equity, underlying (non-gaap)                                                   l/m              5.05                            8.53
return on average tangible common equity and return on average tangible common equity, underlying:
average common equity (gaap)                                                                             m             $20,438                         $20,325
less: average goodwill (gaap)                                                                                            7,049                           7,036
less: average other intangibles (gaap)                                                                   64                                                 71
add: average deferred tax liabilities related to goodwill (gaap)                                         376                                               371
average tangible common equity                                                                           n             $13,701                         $13,589
return on average tangible common equity                                                                 k/n              6.93    %                      12.64    %
return on average tangible common equity, underlying (non-gaap)                                          l/n              7.53                           12.76
citizens financial group, inc. | 88
year ended december 31,
(in millions, except share, per share and ratio data)                                                                                  ref.                         2020                                2019
return on average total assets and return on average total assets, underlying:
average total assets (gaap)                                                                                                            o                   $176,442                            $162,176
return on average total assets                                                                                                         i/o                     0.60    %                           1.10    %
return on average total assets, underlying (non-gaap)                                                                                  j/o                     0.65                                1.11
return on average total tangible assets and return on average total tangible assets, underlying:
average total assets (gaap)                                                                                                            o                   $176,442                            $162,176
less: average goodwill (gaap)                                                                                                                                 7,049                               7,036
less: average other intangibles (gaap)                                                                                                 64                                                            71
add: average deferred tax liabilities related to goodwill (gaap)                                                                       376                                                          371
average tangible assets                                                                                                                p                   $169,705                            $155,440
return on average total tangible assets                                                                                                i/p                     0.62    %                           1.15    %
return on average total tangible assets, underlying (non-gaap)                                                                         j/p                     0.67                                1.16
efficiency ratio and efficiency ratio, underlying:
efficiency ratio                                                                                                                       c/a                    57.80    %                          59.28    %
efficiency ratio, underlying (non-gaap)                                                                                                d/b                    55.99                               58.23
operating leverage and operating leverage, underlying:
increase in total revenue                                                                                                              6.38                            %                           5.91    %
increase in noninterest expense                                                                                                        3.73                                                        6.30
operating leverage                                                                                                                     2.65                            %                         (0.39)    %
increase in total revenue, underlying (non-gaap)                                                                                       6.39                            %                           5.83    %
increase in noninterest expense, underlying (non-gaap)                                                                                 2.30                                                        6.00
operating leverage, underlying (non-gaap)                                                                                              4.09                            %                         (0.17)    %
tangible book value per common share:
common shares - at period end (gaap)                                                                                                   q                427,209,831                         433,121,083
common stockholders' equity (gaap)                                                                                                                          $20,708                             $20,631
less: goodwill (gaap)                                                                                                                                         7,050                               7,044
less: other intangible assets (gaap)                                                                                                   58                                                            68
add: deferred tax liabilities related to goodwill (gaap)                                                                               379                                                          374
tangible common equity                                                                                                                 r                    $13,979                             $13,893
tangible book value per common share                                                                                                   r/q                   $32.72                              $32.08
net income per average common share - basic and diluted and net income per average common share - basic and diluted, underlying:
average common shares outstanding - basic (gaap)                                                                                       s                427,062,537                         449,731,453
average common shares outstanding - diluted (gaap)                                                                                     t                428,157,780                         451,213,701
net income per average common share - basic (gaap)                                                                                     k/s                    $2.22                               $3.82
net income per average common share - diluted (gaap)                                                                                   k/t                     2.22                                3.81
net income per average common share-basic, underlying (non-gaap)                                                                       l/s                     2.42                                3.86
net income per average common share-diluted, underlying (non-gaap)                                                                     l/t                     2.41                                3.84
dividend payout ratio and dividend payout ratio, underlying:
cash dividends declared and paid per common share                                                                                      u                      $1.56                               $1.36
dividend payout ratio                                                                                                                  u/(k/s)                   70    %                             36    %
dividend payout ratio, underlying (non-gaap)                                                                                           u/(l/s)                   65                                  35
citizens financial group, inc. | 89
the following table presents computations of non-gaap financial measures representing certain metrics excluding the impact of ppp loans used throughout the md&a:
table 37: reconciliations of non-gaap measures - excluding ppp
(in millions, except share, per share and ratio data)                                                       ref.            december 31, 2020                december 31, 2019
allowance for credit losses to total loans and leases, excluding the impact of ppp loans:
total loans and leases (gaap)                                                                               a                $123,090                         $119,088
less: ppp loans                                                                                                                 4,155                                -
total loans and leases, excluding the impact of ppp loans (non-gaap)                                        b                $118,935                         $119,088
allowance for credit losses (gaap)                                                                          c                  $2,670                           $1,296
allowance for credit losses to total loans and leases (gaap)                                                c/a                  2.17       %                     1.09       %
allowance for credit losses to total loans and leases, excluding the impact of ppp loans (non-gaap)         c/b                  2.24       %                     1.09       %
the following table presents computations of non-gaap financial measures representing certain metrics excluding the impact of elevated cash levels used in "-net interest income":
table 38: reconciliations of non-gaap measures - excluding elevated cash
(in millions, except ratio data)                                                                ref.                                          december 31, 2020                december 31, 2019
net interest income, fte, excluding the impact of elevated cash:
net interest income, fte                                                                        a                                             $4,599                              $4,635
less: net interest income associated with elevated cash                                                                                            -                                   -
net interest income, fte, excluding the impact of elevated cash (non-gaap)                      b                                             $4,599                              $4,635
average interest-earning assets, excluding the impact of elevated cash:
total interest-earning assets (gaap)                                                            c                                           $159,275                            $146,814
less: elevated cash                                                                                                                            4,322                                   -
total average interest-earning assets, excluding the impact of elevated cash (non-gaap)         d                                           $154,953                            $146,814
ratios:
net interest margin, fte                                                                        a/c                                             2.89          %                     3.16       %
net interest margin, fte, excluding the impact of elevated cash (non-gaap)                      b/d                                             2.97          %                     3.16       %
