item 1a. risk factors.
you should carefully consider the risks described below before making an investment decision. the trading price of our common stock could decline due to any of these risks, in which case you could lose all or part of your investment. you should also refer to the other information in this filing, including our consolidated financial statements and related notes. the risks and uncertainties described below are those that we currently believe may materially affect our company. additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of or that we currently deem immaterial also may become important factors that affect our company. unless the context otherwise requires, the terms the "company," "we," "us," "our" or similar terms and "centene" (i) prior to the closing of the magellan acquisition, refer to centene corporation, together with its consolidated subsidiaries, without giving effect to the magellan acquisition, and (ii) upon and after the closing of the magellan acquisition, refer to us, after giving effect to the magellan acquisition.
risks relating to our business our business could be adversely affected by the effects of widespread public health pandemics, such as the spread of covid-19.
public health pandemics or widespread outbreaks of contagious diseases could adversely impact our business. in december 2019, a novel strain of coronavirus (covid-19) emerged, which has now spread globally, including throughout the united states. the extent to which covid-19 continues to impact our business will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence. factors that may determine the severity of the impact include the duration and scale of the outbreak, new information which may emerge concerning the severity of covid-19, (including new strains, which may be more contagious, more severe or less responsive to treatment or vaccines), the costs of prevention and treatment of covid-19 and the potential that we will not receive state and federal government reimbursement of additional expenses incurred by our members who contract or require testing for covid-19 or who experience other health impacts as a result of the pandemic, employee mobility, productivity and utilization of leave and other benefits, financial and other impacts on the healthcare provider community, disruptions or delays in the supply chain for testing and treatment supplies, protective equipment and other products and services, and the actions to contain covid-19 or address its impact (including federal, state and local laws, regulations and emergency orders, including directives to remain at home, physically distance or forced business closures as well as the timing and scope of vaccine distribution), among others. additionally, the spread of covid-19 has led to disruption and volatility in the global capital markets, which could adversely impact our access to capital, and a decline in interest rates which could reduce our investment income. finally, the impact of the above items on our state and federal partners could result in program changes or delays or reduced capitation payments to us. we cannot at this time predict the ultimate impact of the covid-19 pandemic, but it could adversely affect our business, including our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.
our medicare programs are subject to a variety of unique risks that could adversely impact our financial results.
if we fail to design and maintain programs that are attractive to medicare participants; if our medicare operations are subject to negative outcomes from program audits, sanctions, penalties or other actions; if we do not submit adequate bids in our existing markets or any expansion markets; if our existing contracts are modified or terminated; or if we fail to maintain or improve our quality star ratings, our current medicare business and our ability to expand our medicare operations could be materially and adversely affected, negatively impacting our financial performance. for example, in october 2020, the centers for medicare and medicaid services (cms) published updated medicare star quality ratings for the 2021 rating year. approximately 30% of our medicare members are in a 4 star or above plan for the 2022 bonus year, compared to 46% for the 2021 bonus year and 86% for the 2020 bonus year. our quality bonus and rebates may be negatively impacted in 2021 and 2022 and the attractiveness of our medicare advantage plans may be reduced.
there are also specific additional risks under title xviii, part d of the social security act associated with our provision of medicare part d prescription drug benefits as part of our medicare advantage plan offerings. these risks include potential uncollectibility of receivables, inadequacy of pricing assumptions, inability to receive and process information and increased pharmaceutical costs, as well as the underlying seasonality of this business, and extended settlement periods for claims submissions. our failure to comply with part d program requirements can result in financial and/or operational sanctions on our part d products, as well as on our medicare advantage products that offer no prescription drug coverage.
although we do not anticipate that a single-payer national health insurance system will be enacted by the current congress, members of congress have proposed several legislative initiatives over various sessions of congress that would establish some form of a single public or quasi-public agency that organizes healthcare financing, but under which healthcare delivery would remain private. additionally, the potential impact of the change of administration on healthcare reform efforts is unknown. we are unable to predict the nature and success of these or other initiatives or political changes, which could have an adverse effect on our business.
failure to accurately estimate and price our medical expenses or effectively manage our medical costs or related administrative costs could negatively affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
our profitability depends to a significant degree on our ability to estimate and effectively manage expenses related to health benefits through, among other things, our ability to contract favorably with hospitals, physicians and other healthcare providers. for example, our medicaid revenue is often based on bids submitted before the start of the initial contract year. if our actual medical expenses exceed our estimates, our health benefits ratio (hbr), or our expenses related to medical services as a percentage of premium revenues, would increase and our profits would decline. because of the narrow margins of our health plan business, relatively small changes in our hbr can create significant changes in our financial results. changes in healthcare regulations and practices, the level of utilization of healthcare services, hospital and pharmaceutical costs, disasters, the potential effects of climate change, major epidemics, pandemics or newly emergent diseases (such as covid-19), new medical technologies, new pharmaceutical compounds, increases in provider fraud and other external factors, including general economic conditions such as inflation and unemployment levels, are generally beyond our control and could reduce our ability to accurately predict and effectively control the costs of providing health benefits. also, member behavior could continue to be influenced by the uncertainty surrounding the aca, including ongoing legal challenges to the aca including the case originally captioned texas v. united states, which is currently pending before the supreme court.
our medical expenses include claims reported but not paid, estimates for claims incurred but not reported, and estimates for the costs necessary to process unpaid claims at the end of each period. our development of the medical claims liability estimate is a continuous process which we monitor and refine on a monthly basis as claims receipts and payment information as well as inpatient acuity information becomes available. as more complete information becomes available, we adjust the amount of the estimate, and include the changes in estimates in medical expenses in the period in which the changes are identified. given the uncertainties inherent in such estimates, there can be no assurance that our medical claims liability estimate will be adequate, and any adjustments to the estimate may unfavorably impact our results of operations and may be material.
additionally, when we commence operations in a new state or region or launch a new product, we have limited information with which to estimate our medical claims liability. for a period of time after the inception of the new business, we base our estimates on government-provided historical actuarial data and limited actual incurred and received claims and inpatient acuity information. the addition of new categories of eligible individuals, as well as evolving health insurance marketplace plans, may pose difficulty in estimating our medical claims liability.
from time to time in the past, our actual results have varied from our estimates, particularly in times of significant changes in the number of our members. if it is determined that our estimates are significantly different than actual results, our results of operations and financial position could be adversely affected. in addition, if there is a significant delay in our receipt of premiums, our business operations, cash flows, or earnings could be negatively impacted.
risk-adjustment payment systems make our revenue and results of operations more difficult to estimate and could result in retroactive adjustments that have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
most of our government customers employ risk-adjustment models to determine the premium amount they pay for each member. this model pays more for members with predictably higher costs according to the health status of each beneficiary enrolled. premium payments are generally established at fixed intervals according to the contract terms and then adjusted on a retroactive basis. we reassess the estimates of the risk adjustment settlements each reporting period and any resulting adjustments are made to premium revenue. in addition, revisions by our government customers to the risk-adjustment models have reduced, and may continue to reduce, our premium revenue.
as a result of the variability of certain factors that determine estimates for risk-adjusted premiums, including plan risk scores, the actual amount of retroactive payments could be materially more or less than our estimates. consequently, our estimate of our plans' risk scores for any period, and any resulting change in our accrual of premium revenues related thereto, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. the data provided to our government customers to determine the risk score are subject to audit by them even after the annual settlements occur. these audits may result in the refund of premiums to the government customer previously received by us, which could be significant and would reduce our premium revenue in the year that repayment is required.
government customers have performed and continue to perform audits of selected plans to validate the provider coding practices under the risk adjustment model used to calculate the premium paid for each member. in 2018, cms proposed the removal of the fee for service adjuster from the risk adjustment data validation audit methodology. if adopted, this proposal, or any similar cms rule making initiative, could increase our audit error scores. we anticipate that cms will continue to conduct audits of our medicare contracts and contract years on an on-going basis. an audit may result in the refund of premiums to cms. it is likely that a payment adjustment could occur as a result of these audits; and any such adjustment could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
any failure to adequately price products offered or any reduction in products offered in the health insurance marketplaces may have a negative impact on our results of operations, financial position and cash flow.
due to among other things, the elimination of the individual mandate penalty in the tax cuts and jobs act (tcja), we may be adversely selected by individuals who have higher acuity levels than those individuals who selected us in the past and healthy individuals may decide to opt out of the pool altogether. in addition, the risk adjustment provisions of the aca established to apportion risk amongst insurers may not be effective in appropriately mitigating the financial risks related to the marketplace product, are subject to a high degree of estimation and variability, and are affected by our members' acuity relative to the membership acuity of other insurers. further, changes in the competitive marketplace over time may exacerbate the uncertainty in these relatively new markets. for example, competitors seeking to gain a foothold in the changing market may introduce pricing that we may not be able to match, which may adversely affect our ability to compete effectively. competitors may also choose to exit the market altogether or otherwise suffer financial difficulty, which could adversely impact the pool of potential insured, or require us to increase premium rates. any significant variation from our expectations regarding acuity, enrollment levels, adverse selection, or other assumptions utilized in setting adequate premium rates could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
we derive a portion of our cash flow and gross margin from our pdp operations, for which we submit annual bids for participation. the results of our bids could materially affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
a significant portion of our pdp membership is obtained from the auto-assignment of beneficiaries in cms-designated regions where our pdp premium bids are below benchmarks of other plans' bids. in general, our premium bids are based on assumptions regarding pdp membership, utilization, drug costs, drug rebates and other factors for each region. our 2021 pdp bids resulted in 33 of the 34 cms regions in which we were below the benchmarks, and within the de minimis range in the remaining region, compared with our 2020 pdp bids in which we were below the benchmarks in 32 regions, and within the de minimis range in the remaining two regions. for those regions in which we are within the de minimis range, we will not be eligible to have new members auto-assigned to us, but we will not lose our existing auto-assigned membership.
if our future part d premium bids are not below the cms benchmarks, we risk losing pdp members who were previously assigned to us and we may not have additional pdp members auto-assigned to us, which could materially reduce our revenue and profits.
our encounter data may be inaccurate or incomplete, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and ability to bid for, and continue to participate in, certain programs.
our contracts require the submission of complete and correct encounter data. the accurate and timely reporting of encounter data is increasingly important to the success of our programs because more states are using encounter data to determine compliance with performance standards and to set premium rates. we have expended and may continue to expend additional effort and incur significant additional costs to collect or correct inaccurate or incomplete encounter data and have been, and continue to be, exposed to operating sanctions and financial fines and penalties for noncompliance. in some instances, our government clients have established retroactive requirements for the encounter data we must submit. there also may be periods of time in which we are unable to meet existing requirements. in either case, it may be prohibitively expensive or impossible for us to collect or reconstruct this historical data.
we may experience challenges in obtaining complete and accurate encounter data, due to difficulties with providers and third-party vendors submitting claims in a timely fashion in the proper format, and with state agencies in coordinating such submissions. as states increase their reliance on encounter data, these difficulties could adversely affect the premium rates we receive and how membership is assigned to us and subject us to financial penalties, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and our ability to bid for, and continue to participate in, certain programs.
if any of our government contracts are terminated or are not renewed on favorable terms or at all, or if we receive an adverse finding or review resulting from an audit or investigation, our business may be adversely affected.
a substantial portion of our business relates to the provision of managed care programs and selected services to individuals receiving benefits under governmental assistance or entitlement programs. we provide these and other healthcare services under contracts with government entities in the areas in which we operate. our government contracts are generally intended to run for a fixed number of years and may be extended for an additional specified number of years if the contracting entity or its agent elects to do so. when our contracts with government entities expire, they may be opened for bidding by competing healthcare providers, and there is no guarantee that our contracts will be renewed or extended. competitors may buy their way into the market by submitting bids with lower pricing. even if our responsive bids are successful, the bids may be based upon assumptions or other factors which could result in the contracts being less profitable than we had anticipated. further, our government contracts contain certain provisions regarding eligibility, enrollment and dis-enrollment processes for covered services, eligible providers, periodic financial and informational reporting, quality assurance, timeliness of claims payment and agreement to maintain a medicare plan in the state and financial standards, among other things, and are subject to cancellation if we fail to perform in accordance with the standards set by regulatory agencies.
we are also subject to various reviews, audits and investigations to verify our compliance with the terms of our contracts with various governmental agencies, as well as compliance with applicable laws and regulations. any adverse review, audit or investigation could result in, among other things: cancellation of our contracts; refunding of amounts we have been paid pursuant to our contracts; imposition of fines, penalties and other sanctions on us; loss of our right to participate in various programs; increased difficulty in selling our products and services; loss of one or more of our licenses; lowered quality star ratings; or required changes to the way we do business. in addition, under government procurement regulations and practices, a negative determination resulting from a government audit of our business practices could result in a contractor being fined, debarred and/or suspended from being able to bid on, or be awarded, new government contracts for a period of time.
if any of our government contracts are terminated, not renewed, renewed on less favorable terms, or not renewed on a timely basis, or if we receive an adverse finding or review resulting from an audit or investigation, our business and reputation may be adversely impacted, our goodwill could be impaired and our financial position, results of operations or cash flows may be materially affected.
we contract with independent third-party vendors and service providers who provide services to us and our subsidiaries or to whom we delegate selected functions. violations of, or noncompliance with, laws and regulations governing our business by such third parties, or governing our dealings with such parties, could, among other things, subject us to additional audits, reviews and investigations and other adverse effects.
ineffectiveness of state-operated systems and subcontractors could adversely affect our business.
a number of our health plans rely on other state-operated systems or subcontractors to qualify, solicit, educate and assign eligible members into managed care plans. the effectiveness of these state operations and subcontractors can have a material effect on a health plan's enrollment in a particular month or over an extended period. when a state implements either new programs to determine eligibility or new processes to assign or enroll eligible members into health plans, or when it chooses new subcontractors, there is an increased potential for an unanticipated impact on the overall number of members assigned to managed care plans.
execution of our growth strategy may increase costs or liabilities, or create disruptions in our business.
our growth strategy includes, without limitation, the acquisition and expansion of health plans participating in government sponsored healthcare programs and specialty services businesses, contract rights and related assets of other health plans both in our existing service areas and in new markets and start-up operations in new markets or new products in existing markets. we continue to pursue opportunistic acquisitions to expand into new geographies and complementary business lines as well as to augment existing operations, and we may be in discussions with respect to one or multiple targets at any given time. although we review the records of companies or businesses we plan to acquire, it is possible that we could assume unanticipated liabilities or adverse operating conditions, or an acquisition may not perform as well as expected or may not achieve timely profitability. we also face the risk that we will not be able to effectively integrate acquisitions into our existing operations effectively without substantial expense, delay or other operational or financial problems and we may need to divert more management resources to integration than we planned.
in connection with start-up operations and system migrations, we may incur significant expenses prior to commencement of operations and the receipt of revenue. for example, in order to obtain a certificate of authority in most jurisdictions, we must first establish a provider network, have systems in place and demonstrate our ability to administer a state contract and process claims. we may experience delays in operational start dates, including those related to stay-at-home directives and other impacts of covid-19. as a result of these factors, start-up operations may decrease our profitability. the timing of operating our new east coast headquarters in charlotte, and the expected benefits of its completion, may also be negatively impacted as a result of these factors. in addition, we are planning to further expand our business internationally and we will be subject to additional risks, including, but not limited to, political risk, an unfamiliar regulatory regime, currency exchange risk and exchange controls, cultural and language differences, foreign tax issues, and different labor laws and practices.
if we are unable to effectively execute our growth strategy, including as a result of the continued impact of covid-19, our future growth will suffer and our results of operations could be harmed.
if competing managed care programs are unwilling to purchase specialty services from us, we may not be able to successfully implement our strategy of diversifying our business lines.
we are seeking to diversify our business lines into areas that complement our government sponsored health plan business in order to grow our revenue stream and diversify our business. in order to diversify our business, we must succeed in selling the services of our specialty subsidiaries not only to our managed care plans, but to programs operated by third parties. some of these third-party programs may compete with us in some markets, and they therefore may be unwilling to purchase specialty services from us. in any event, the offering of these services will require marketing activities that differ significantly from the manner in which we seek to increase revenues from our government sponsored programs. our ineffectiveness in marketing specialty services to third parties may impair our ability to execute our business strategy.
if state regulators do not approve payments of dividends and distributions by our subsidiaries to us, we may not have sufficient funds to implement our business strategy.
we principally operate through our health plan subsidiaries. as part of normal operations, we may make requests for dividends and distributions from our subsidiaries to fund our operations. in addition to state corporate law limitations, these subsidiaries are subject to more stringent state insurance and hmo laws and regulations that limit the amount of dividends and distributions that can be paid to us without prior approval of, or notification to, state regulators. if these regulators were to deny or delay our subsidiaries' requests to pay dividends, the funds available to us would be limited, which could harm our ability to implement our business strategy.
we derive a significant portion of our premium revenues from operations in a limited number of states, and our results of operations, financial position or cash flows could be materially affected by a decrease in premium revenues or profitability in any one of those states.
operations in a limited number of states have accounted for a significant portion of our premium revenues to date. if we were unable to continue to operate in any of those states or if our current operations in any portion of one of those states were significantly curtailed, our revenues could decrease materially. our reliance on operations in a limited number of states could cause our revenues and profitability to change suddenly and unexpectedly depending on legislative or other governmental or regulatory actions and decisions, economic conditions and similar factors in those states. for example, states we currently serve may open the bidding for their medicaid program to other health insurers through a request for proposal process. our inability to continue to operate in any of the states in which we operate could harm our business.
competition may limit our ability to increase penetration of the markets that we serve.
we compete for members principally on the basis of size and quality of provider networks, benefits provided and quality of service. we compete with numerous types of competitors, including other health plans and traditional state medicaid programs that reimburse providers as care is provided, as well as technology companies, new joint ventures, financial services firms, consulting firms and other non-traditional competitors. in addition, the administration of the aca has the potential to shift the competitive landscape in our segment.
some of the health plans with which we compete have greater financial and other resources and offer a broader scope of products than we do. in addition, significant merger and acquisition activity has occurred in the managed care industry, as well as complementary industries, such as the hospital, physician, pharmaceutical, medical device and health information systems businesses. to the extent that competition intensifies in any market that we serve, as a result of industry consolidation or otherwise, our ability to retain or increase members and providers, or maintain or increase our revenue growth, pricing flexibility and control over medical cost trends may be adversely affected.
if we are unable to maintain relationships with our provider networks, our profitability may be harmed.
our profitability depends, in large part, upon our ability to contract at competitive prices with hospitals, physicians and other healthcare providers. our provider arrangements with our primary care physicians, specialists and hospitals generally may be canceled by either party without cause upon 90 to 120 days prior written notice. we cannot provide any assurance that we will be able to continue to renew our existing contracts or enter into new contracts on a timely basis or under favorable terms enabling us to service our members profitably. healthcare providers with whom we contract may not properly manage the costs of, and access to services, be able to provide effective telehealth services, maintain financial solvency, including due to the impact of covid-19, or avoid disputes with other providers. any of these events could have a material adverse effect on the provision of services to our members and our operations.
in any particular market, physicians and other healthcare providers could refuse to contract, demand higher payments, or take other actions that could result in higher medical costs or difficulty in meeting regulatory or accreditation requirements, among other things. in some markets, certain healthcare providers, particularly hospitals, physician/hospital organizations or multi-specialty physician groups, may have significant market positions or near monopolies that could result in diminished bargaining power on our part. in addition, accountable care organizations, practice management companies, which aggregate physician practices for administrative efficiency and marketing leverage, and other organizational structures that physicians, hospitals and other healthcare providers choose may change the way in which these providers interact with us and may change the competitive landscape. such organizations or groups of healthcare providers may compete directly with us, which could adversely affect our operations, and our results of operations, financial position and cash flows by impacting our relationships with these providers or affecting the way that we price our products and estimate our costs, which might require us to incur costs to change our operations. provider networks may consolidate, resulting in a reduction in the competitive environment. in addition, if these providers refuse to contract with us, use their market position to negotiate contracts unfavorable to us or place us at a competitive disadvantage, our ability to market products or to be profitable in those areas could be materially and adversely affected.
from time to time, healthcare providers assert or threaten to assert claims seeking to terminate non-cancelable agreements due to alleged actions or inactions by us. if we are unable to retain our current provider contract terms or enter into new provider contracts timely or on favorable terms, our profitability may be harmed. in addition, from time to time, we may be subject to class action or other lawsuits by healthcare providers with respect to claim payment procedures or similar matters. for example, our wholly owned subsidiary, health net life insurance company (hnl), is and may continue to be subject to such disputes with respect to hnl's payment levels in connection with the processing of out-of-network provider reimbursement claims for the provision of certain substance abuse related services. hnl expects to vigorously defend its claims payment practices. nevertheless, in the event hnl receives an adverse finding in any related legal proceeding or from a regulator, or is otherwise required to reimburse providers for these claims at rates that are higher than expected or for claims hnl otherwise believes are unallowable, our financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected. in addition, regardless of whether any such lawsuits brought against us are successful or have merit, they will still be time-consuming and costly and could distract our management's attention. as a result, under such circumstances we may incur significant expenses and may be unable to operate our business effectively.
if we are unable to integrate and manage our information systems effectively, our operations could be disrupted.
our operations depend significantly on effective information systems. the information gathered and processed by our information systems assists us in, among other things, monitoring utilization and other cost factors, processing provider claims, and providing data to our regulators. our healthcare providers also depend upon our information systems for membership verifications, claims status and other information. our information systems and applications require continual maintenance, upgrading and enhancement to meet our operational needs and regulatory requirements. we regularly upgrade and expand our information systems' capabilities. if we experience difficulties with the transition to or from information systems or do not appropriately integrate, maintain, enhance or expand our information systems, we could suffer, among other things, operational disruptions, loss of existing members and difficulty in attracting new members, regulatory problems and increases in administrative expenses. in addition, our ability to integrate and manage our information systems may be impaired as the result of events outside our control, including acts of nature, such as earthquakes or fires, or acts of terrorists, which may include cyber-attacks by terrorists or other governmental or non-governmental actors. in addition, we may from time to time obtain significant portions of our systems-related or other services or facilities from independent third parties, which may make our operations vulnerable if such third parties fail to perform adequately.
an impairment charge with respect to our recorded goodwill and intangible assets could have a material impact on our results of operations.
we periodically evaluate our goodwill and other intangible assets to determine whether all or a portion of their carrying values may be impaired, in which case a charge to earnings may be necessary. changes in business strategy, government regulations or economic or market conditions have resulted and may result in impairments of our goodwill and other intangible assets at any time in the future. our judgments regarding the existence of impairment indicators are based on, among other things, legal factors, market conditions, and operational performance. for example, the non-renewal of our health plan contracts with the state in which they operate may be an indicator of impairment. if an event or events occur that would cause us to revise our estimates and assumptions used in analyzing the value of our goodwill and other intangible assets, such revision could result in a non-cash impairment charge that could have a material impact on our results of operations in the period in which the impairment occurs.
a failure in or breach of our operational or security systems or infrastructure, or those of third parties with which we do business, including as a result of cyber-attacks, could have an adverse effect on our business.
information security risks have significantly increased in recent years in part because of the proliferation of new technologies, the use of the internet and telecommunications technologies to conduct our operations, and the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime, hackers, terrorists and other external parties, including foreign state agents. our operations rely on the secure processing, transmission and storage of confidential, proprietary and other information in our computer systems and networks.
security breaches may arise from external or internal threats. external breaches include hacking personal information for financial gain, attempting to cause harm or interruption to our operations, or intending to obtain competitive information. we experience attempted external hacking or malicious attacks on a regular basis. we maintain a rigorous system of prevention and detection controls through our security programs; however, our prevention and detection controls may not prevent or identify all such attacks on a timely basis, or at all. internal breaches may result from inappropriate security access to confidential information by rogue employees, consultants or third party service providers. any security breach involving the misappropriation, loss or other unauthorized disclosure or use of confidential member information, financial data, competitively sensitive information, or other proprietary data, whether by us or a third party, could have a material adverse effect on our business reputation, financial condition, cash flows, or results of operations.
risks relating to regulatory and legal matters reductions in funding, changes to eligibility requirements for government sponsored healthcare programs in which we participate and any inability on our part to effectively adapt to changes to these programs could substantially affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
the majority of our revenues come from government subsidized healthcare programs including medicaid, medicare, tricare, chip, ltss, abd, foster care and health insurance marketplace premiums. under most programs, the base premium rate paid for each program differs, depending on a combination of factors such as defined upper payment limits, a member's health status, age, gender, county or region and benefit mix. since medicaid was created in 1965, the federal government and the states have shared the costs for this program, with the federal share currently averaging approximately 60%. we are therefore exposed to risks associated with federal and state government contracting or participating in programs involving a government payor, including but not limited to the general ability of the federal and/or state governments to terminate or modify contracts with them, in whole or in part, without prior notice, for convenience or for default based on performance; potential regulatory or legislative action that may materially modify amounts owed; our dependence upon congressional or legislative appropriation and allotment of funds and the impact that delays in government payments could have on our operating cash flow and liquidity; and other regulatory, legislative or judicial actions that may have an impact on the operations of government subsidized healthcare programs including ongoing litigation involving the aca. for example, future levels of funding and premium rates may be affected by continuing government efforts to contain healthcare costs and may further be affected by state and federal budgetary constraints. governments periodically consider reducing or reallocating the amount of money they spend for medicaid, medicare, tricare, chip, ltss, abd and foster care. furthermore, medicare remains subject to the automatic spending reductions imposed by the budget control act of 2011 and the american taxpayer relief act of 2012 ("sequestration"), subject to a 2% cap, which was extended by the bipartisan budget act of 2019 through 2029. the coronavirus aid, relief, and economic security act of 2020 temporarily suspended the medicare sequestration for the period of may 1, 2020 through december 31, 2020, while also extending the mandatory sequestration policy by an additional one year, through 2030. the bipartisan-bicameral omnibus covid relief deal passed in december 2020 further extended the suspension of the medicare sequestration until march 31, 2021.
in addition, reductions in defense spending could have an adverse impact on certain government programs in which we currently participate by, among other things, terminating or materially changing such programs, or by decreasing or delaying payments made under such programs. adverse economic conditions may put pressures on state budgets as tax and other state revenues decrease while the population that is eligible to participate in these programs remains steady or increases, creating more need for funding. we anticipate this will require government agencies to find funding alternatives, which may result in reductions in funding for programs, contraction of covered benefits, and limited or no premium rate increases or premium rate decreases. a reduction (or less than expected increase), a protracted delay, or a change in allocation methodology in government funding for these programs, as well as termination of one or more contracts for the convenience of the government, may materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. in addition, if another federal government shutdown were to occur for a prolonged period of time, federal government payment obligations, including its obligations under medicaid, medicare, tricare, chip, ltss, abd, foster care and the health insurance marketplaces, may be delayed. similarly, if state government shutdowns were to occur, state payment obligations may be delayed. if the federal or state governments fail to make payments under these programs on a timely basis, our business could suffer, and our financial position, results of operations or cash flows may be materially affected.
payments from government payors may be delayed in the future, which, if extended for any significant period of time, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, cash flows or liquidity. in addition, delays in obtaining, or failure to obtain or maintain, governmental approvals, or moratoria imposed by regulatory authorities, could adversely affect our revenues or membership, increase costs or adversely affect our ability to bring new products to market as forecasted. other changes to our government programs could affect our willingness or ability to participate in any of these programs or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
finally, changes in these programs could reduce the number of persons enrolled in or eligible for these programs or increase our administrative or healthcare costs under these programs. for example, maintaining current eligibility levels could cause states to reduce reimbursement or reduce benefits in order for states to afford to maintain eligibility levels. if any state in which we operate were to decrease premiums paid to us or pay us less than the amount necessary to keep pace with our cost trends, it could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
the implementation of the aca, as well as potential repeal of, changes to, or judicial challenges to the aca, could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
the enactment of the aca in march 2010 transformed the u.s. healthcare delivery system through a series of complex initiatives; however, the implementation of the aca continues to face administrative, judicial and legislative challenges to repeal or change certain of its significant provisions. changes to, or repeal of, portions or the entirety of the aca, as well as judicial interpretations in response to constitutional and other legal challenges, as well as the uncertainty generated by such actual or potential challenges, could materially and adversely affect our business and financial position, results of operations or cash flows. even if the aca is not amended or repealed under the current administration, a future administration or members of congress could continue to propose changes impacting implementation of the aca, which could materially and adversely affect our financial position or operations.
among the most significant of the aca's provisions was the establishment of the health insurance marketplace for individuals and small employers to purchase health insurance coverage that included a minimum level of benefits and restrictions on coverage limitations and premium rates, as well as the expansion of medicaid coverage to all individuals under age 65 with incomes up to 138% of the federal poverty level beginning january 1, 2014, subject to each state's election. the hhs additionally indicated that it would consider a limited number of premium assistance demonstration proposals from states that want to privatize medicaid expansion. arkansas was the first state to obtain federal approval to use medicaid funding to purchase private insurance for low-income residents, and we began operations under the program beginning on january 1, 2014. several states have obtained section 1115 waivers to implement the aca's medicaid expansion in ways that extend beyond the flexibility provided by the federal law, with additional states pursuing section 1115 waivers regarding eligibility criteria, benefits, and cost-sharing, and provider payments across their medicaid programs. litigation challenging section 1115 waiver activity for both new and previously approved waivers is expected to continue both through administrative actions and the courts.
there have been significant administrative efforts to repeal, or limit implementation of, certain provisions of the aca through changes in regulations. such initiatives include repeal of the individual mandate effective in 2019, as well as easing the regulatory restrictions placed on short-term health plans and association health plans (ahps), which plans often provide fewer benefits than the traditional aca insurance benefits.
additionally, the u.s. department of labor issued a final rule on june 19, 2018 which expanded flexibility regarding the regulation and formation of ahps provided by small employer groups and associations. on june 13, 2019, the hhs, the u.s. department of labor and the u.s. treasury issued a final rule allowing employers of all sizes that do not offer a group coverage plan to fund a new kind of health reimbursement arrangement (hra), known as an individual coverage hra (ichra). beginning january 1, 2020, employees became able to use employer-funded ichras to buy individual-market insurance, including insurance purchased on the public exchanges formed under the aca.
in addition to administrative efforts to expand the flexibility of other insurance plan options that are not required to meet aca requirements, there have also been efforts to address the aca's non-deductible tax imposed on health insurers based on prior year net premiums written (the "health insurer fee" or "hif"). the aca imposed hif was $8.0 billion in 2014, and $11.3 billion in each of 2015 and 2016, with increasing annual amounts thereafter. the hif payable in 2017 was suspended by the consolidated appropriations act for fiscal year 2016; however, a $14.3 billion payment occurred in 2018. collection of the hif for 2019 was also suspended, but resumed in 2020 with a $15.5 billion payment. congress passed a spending bill in december 2019, which would repeal the health insurance tax indefinitely, effective in 2021. if we are not reimbursed by the states for the cost of the hif (including the associated tax impact), or if we are unable to otherwise adjust our business model to address the current assessment, our results of operations, financial position and cash flows may be materially adversely affected.
the constitutionality of the aca itself continues to face judicial challenge. in december 2018, a partial summary judgment ruling in texas v. united states of america held that the aca's individual mandate requirement was essential to the aca, and without it, the remainder of the aca was invalid (i.e., that it was not "severable" from the aca). that decision was appealed to the fifth circuit, which ruled in december 2019 that the individual mandate was unconstitutional after congress set the individual mandate penalty to $0 and remanded the case to the district court for additional analysis on the question of severability. in march 2020, the u.s. supreme court agreed to hear the case to review whether the individual mandate is constitutional and, if the individual mandate is unconstitutional, the severability issue. in june 2020, noel j. francisco, the then solicitor general of the united states, together with multiple u.s. department of justice colleagues, submitted a brief to the u.s. supreme court supporting the argument that the individual mandate is unconstitutional and that the remaining provisions of the aca are not severable. the u.s. supreme court heard oral arguments in november 2020 and a ruling is anticipated in 2021. the aca remains in effect until judicial review of the decision is concluded. the ultimate content, timing or effect of any potential future legislation or the outcome of the lawsuit cannot be predicted and may be delayed as a result of court closures and reduced court dockets as a result of the covid-19 pandemic.
these changes and other potential changes involving the functioning of the health insurance marketplace as a result of new legislation, regulation, executive action or litigation could impact our business and results of operations.
our business activities are highly regulated and new laws or regulations or changes in existing laws or regulations or their enforcement or application could force us to change how we operate and could harm our business.
our business is extensively regulated by the states in which we operate and by the federal government. in addition, the managed care industry has received negative publicity that has led to increased legislation, regulation, review of industry practices and private litigation in the commercial sector. such negative publicity may adversely affect our stock price and damage our reputation in various markets.
in each of the jurisdictions in which we operate, we are regulated by the relevant insurance, health and/or human services or government departments that oversee the activities of managed care organizations providing or arranging to provide services to medicaid, medicare, health insurance marketplace enrollees or other beneficiaries. for example, our health plan subsidiaries, as well as our applicable specialty companies, must comply with minimum statutory capital and other financial solvency requirements, such as deposit and surplus requirements.
the frequent enactment of, changes to, or interpretations of laws and regulations could, among other things: force us to restructure our relationships with providers within our network; require us to implement additional or different programs and systems; restrict revenue and enrollment growth; increase our healthcare and administrative costs; impose additional capital and surplus requirements; and increase or change our liability to members in the event of malpractice by our contracted providers. in addition, changes in political party or administrations at the state or federal level in the united states or internationally may change the attitude towards healthcare programs and result in changes to the existing legislative or regulatory environment.
additionally, the taxes and fees paid to federal, state and local governments may increase due to several factors, including: enactment of, changes to, or interpretations of tax laws and regulations, audits by governmental authorities, geographic expansions into higher taxing jurisdictions and the effect of expansions into international markets.
our contracts with states may require us to maintain a minimum hbr or may require us to share profits in excess of certain levels. in certain circumstances, our plans may be required to return premiums back to the state in the event profits exceed established levels or hbr does not meet the minimum requirement. factors that may impact the amount of premium returned to the state include transparent pharmacy pricing and rebate initiatives. other states may require us to meet certain performance and quality metrics in order to maintain our contract or receive additional or full contractual revenue.
the governmental healthcare programs in which we participate are subject to the satisfaction of certain regulations and performance standards. regulators require numerous steps for continued implementation of the aca, including the promulgation of a substantial number of potentially more onerous federal regulations. if we fail to effectively implement or appropriately adjust our operational and strategic initiatives with respect to the implementation of healthcare reform, or do not do so as effectively as our competitors, our results of operations may be materially adversely affected. for example, under the aca, congress authorized cms and the states to implement managed care demonstration programs to serve dually eligible beneficiaries to improve the coordination of their care. participation in these demonstration programs is subject to cms approval and the satisfaction of conditions to participation, including meeting certain performance requirements. our inability to improve or maintain adequate quality scores and star ratings to meet government performance requirements or to match the performance of our competitors could result in limitations to our participation in or exclusion from these or other government programs. specifically, several of our medicaid contracts require us to maintain a medicare health plan.
in april 2016, cms issued final regulations that revised existing medicaid managed care rules by establishing a minimum mlr standard for medicaid of 85% and strengthening provisions related to network adequacy and access to care, enrollment and disenrollment protections, beneficiary support information, continued service during beneficiary appeals, and delivery system and payment reform initiatives, among others. cms subsequently issued a notice of proposed rulemaking on november 8, 2018, advancing cms' efforts to streamline the medicaid and chip managed care regulatory framework and to pursue a broader strategy to relieve regulatory burdens, support state flexibility and local leadership, and promote transparency, flexibility, and innovation in the delivery of care. on november 13, 2020, cms finalized revisions to the medicaid managed care regulations, many of which became effective in december 2020. while not a wholesale revision of the 2016 regulations, the november 2020 final rule adopts changes in areas including network adequacy, beneficiary protections, quality oversight, and the establishment of capitation rates and payment policies. although we strive to comply with all existing regulations and to meet performance standards applicable to our business, failure to meet these requirements could result in financial fines and penalties. also, states or other governmental entities may not allow us to continue to participate in their government programs, or we may fail to win procurements to participate in such programs, either of which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
in addition, as a result of the expansion of our businesses and operations conducted in foreign countries, we face political, economic, legal, compliance, regulatory, operational and other risks and exposures that are unique and vary by jurisdiction. these foreign regulatory requirements with respect to, among other items, environmental, tax, licensing, intellectual property, privacy, data protection, investment, capital, management control, labor relations, and fraud and corruption regulations are different than those faced by our domestic businesses. in addition, we are subject to u.s. laws that regulate the conduct and activities of u.s.-based businesses operating abroad, such as the foreign corrupt practices act (fcpa). any failure to comply with laws and regulations governing our conduct outside the united states or to successfully navigate international regulatory regimes that apply to us could adversely affect our ability to market our products and services, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our businesses providing pharmacy benefit management and specialty pharmacy services face regulatory and other risks and uncertainties which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
we provide pharmacy benefit management (pbm) and specialty pharmacy services, including through our envolve pharmacy solutions product. these businesses are subject to federal and state laws that, among other requirements, govern the relationships of the business with pharmaceutical manufacturers, physicians, pharmacies, customers and consumers. we also conduct business as a mail order pharmacy and specialty pharmacy, which subjects these businesses to extensive federal, state and local laws and regulations. in addition, federal and state legislatures and regulators regularly consider new regulations for the industry that could materially and adversely affect current industry practices, including the receipt or disclosure of rebates from pharmaceutical companies, the development and use of formularies, and the use of average wholesale prices.
our pbm and specialty pharmacy businesses would be materially and adversely affected by an inability to contract on favorable terms with pharmaceutical manufacturers and other suppliers, including with respect to the structuring of rebates and pricing of new specialty and generic drugs. in addition, our pbm and specialty pharmacy businesses could face potential claims in connection with purported errors by our mail order or specialty pharmacies, including in connection with the risks inherent in the authorization, compounding, packaging and distribution of pharmaceuticals and other healthcare products. disruptions at any of our mail order or specialty pharmacies due to an event that is beyond our control could affect our ability to process and dispense prescriptions in a timely manner and could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
from time to time, we may become involved in costly and time-consuming litigation and other regulatory proceedings, which require significant attention from our management.
from time to time, we are a defendant in lawsuits and regulatory actions and are subject to investigations relating to our business, including, without limitation, medical malpractice claims, claims by members alleging failure to pay for or provide healthcare, claims related to non-payment or insufficient payments for out-of-network services, claims alleging bad faith, investigations regarding our submission of risk adjuster claims, putative securities class actions, protests and appeals related to medicaid procurement awards, employment-related disputes, including wage and hour claims, submissions to state agencies related to payments or state false claims acts and claims related to the imposition of new taxes, including but not limited to claims that may have retroactive application. due to the inherent uncertainties of litigation and regulatory proceedings, we cannot accurately predict the ultimate outcome of any such proceedings. an unfavorable outcome could have a material adverse impact on our business and financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows and may affect our reputation. in addition, regardless of the outcome of any litigation or regulatory proceedings, such proceedings are costly and time consuming and require significant attention from our management, and could therefore harm our business and financial position, results of operations or cash flows.
if we fail to comply with applicable privacy, security, and data laws, regulations and standards, including with respect to third-party service providers that utilize sensitive personal information on our behalf, our business, reputation, results of operations, financial position and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.
as part of our normal operations, we collect, process and retain confidential member information. we are subject to various federal, state and international laws, regulations, rules and contractual requirements regarding the use and disclosure of confidential member information, including the health insurance portability and accountability act of 1996 (hipaa), the health information technology for economic and clinical health (hitech) act of 2009, the gramm-leach-bliley act, and the european union's general data protection regulation, which require us to protect the privacy of medical records and safeguard personal health information we maintain and use. certain of our businesses are also subject to the payment card industry data security standard, which is a multifaceted security standard that is designed to protect credit card account data as mandated by payment card industry entities. despite our best attempts to maintain adherence to information privacy and security best practices, as well as compliance with applicable laws, rules and contractual requirements, our facilities and systems, and those of our third-party service providers, may be vulnerable to privacy or security breaches, acts of vandalism or theft, malware or other forms of cyber-attack, misplaced or lost data including paper or electronic media, programming and/or human errors or other similar events. in the past, we have had data breaches resulting in disclosure of confidential or protected health information that have not resulted in any material financial loss or penalty to date. for example, in january 2021, we learned that accellion, a third-party data transfer provider with whom we contract, had a system vulnerability that resulted in unauthorized access to certain sensitive data of our customers, including protected health information, over a period of several days in january 2021 as well as unauthorized access to the data of several of accellion's other clients. this incident is still under investigation, but we currently do not believe that it will have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, results of operations, financial position and cash flows. however, there can be no assurance that the january 2021 incident and other privacy or security breaches will not require us to expend significant resources to remediate any damage, interrupt our operations and damage our business or reputation, subject us to state, federal, or international agency review, and result in enforcement actions, material fines and penalties, litigation or other actions which could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
in addition, hipaa broadened the scope of fraud, waste and abuse laws applicable to healthcare companies and established enforcement mechanisms to combat fraud, waste and abuse, including civil and, in some instances, criminal penalties for failure to comply with specific standards relating to the privacy, security and electronic transmission of protected health information. the hitech act expanded the scope of these provisions by mandating individual notification in instances of breaches of protected health information, providing enhanced penalties for hipaa violations, and granting enforcement authority to states' attorneys general in addition to the hhs office for civil rights. it is possible that congress may enact additional legislation in the future to increase the amount or application of penalties and to create a private right of action under hipaa, which could entitle patients to seek monetary damages for violations of the privacy rules.
if we fail to comply with the extensive federal and state fraud, waste and abuse laws, our business, reputation, results of operations, financial position and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.
we, along with other companies involved in public healthcare programs, are the subject of federal and state fraud, waste and abuse investigations. the regulations and contractual requirements applicable to participants in these public sector programs are complex and subject to change. violations of fraud, waste and abuse laws applicable to us could result in civil monetary penalties, criminal fines and imprisonment, and/or exclusion from participation in medicaid, medicare, tricare, and other federal healthcare programs and federally funded state health programs. fraud, waste and abuse prohibitions encompass a wide range of activities, including kickbacks for referral of members, incorrect and unsubstantiated billing or billing for unnecessary medical services, improper marketing and violations of patient privacy rights. these fraud, waste and abuse laws include the federal false claims act, which prohibits the known filing of a false claim or the known use of false statements to obtain payment from the federal government, and the federal anti-kickback statute, which prohibits the payment or receipt of remuneration to induce referrals or recommendations of healthcare items or services. many states have fraud, waste and abuse laws, including false claim act and anti-kickback statutes that closely resemble the federal false claims act and the federal anti-kickback statute. in addition, the deficit reduction act of 2005 encouraged states to enact state-versions of the federal false claims act that establish liability to the state for false and fraudulent medicaid claims and that provide for, among other things, claims to be filed by qui tam relators (private parties acting on the government's behalf). federal and state governments have made investigating and prosecuting healthcare fraud, waste and abuse a priority. in the event we fail to comply with the extensive federal and state fraud, waste and abuse laws, our business, reputation, results of operations, financial position and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.
risks relating to conditions in the financial markets and economy our investment portfolio may suffer losses which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations or liquidity.
we maintain a significant investment portfolio of cash equivalents and short-term and long-term investments in a variety of securities, which are subject to general credit, liquidity, market and interest rate risks and will decline in value if interest rates increase or one of the issuers' credit ratings is reduced. furthermore, covid-19 has impacted, and may continue to impact, the global economy resulting in significant market volatility and fluctuating interest rates. as a result, we may experience a reduction in value or loss of our investments, which may have a negative adverse effect on our results of operations, liquidity and financial condition.
adverse credit market conditions may have a material adverse effect on our liquidity or our ability to obtain credit on acceptable terms.
in the past, the securities and credit markets have experienced extreme volatility and disruption, which has increased due to the effects of covid-19. the availability of credit, from virtually all types of lenders, has at times been restricted. in the event we need access to additional capital to pay our operating expenses, fund subsidiary surplus requirements, make payments on or refinance our indebtedness, pay capital expenditures, or fund acquisitions, our ability to obtain such capital may be limited and the cost of any such capital may be significant, particularly if we are unable to access our existing credit facility.
our access to additional financing will depend on a variety of factors such as prevailing economic and credit market conditions, the general availability of credit, the overall availability of credit to our industry, our credit ratings and credit capacity, and perceptions of our financial prospects. similarly, our access to funds may be impaired if regulatory authorities or rating agencies take negative actions against us. if one or any combination of these factors were to occur, our internal sources of liquidity may prove to be insufficient, and in such case, we may not be able to successfully obtain sufficient additional financing on favorable terms, within an acceptable time, or at all.
we have substantial indebtedness outstanding and may incur additional indebtedness in the future. such indebtedness could reduce our agility and may adversely affect our financial condition.
as of december 31, 2020, we had consolidated indebtedness of $16,779 million. we intend to incur additional indebtedness to finance a portion of the consideration for the magellan acquisition, and we may further increase our indebtedness in the future.
this may have the effect, among other things, of reducing our flexibility to respond to changing business and economic conditions and increasing borrowing costs.
among other things, our revolving credit facility and term loan facility (collectively, the company credit facility) and the indentures governing our notes require us to comply with various covenants that impose restrictions on our operations, including our ability to incur additional indebtedness, create liens, pay dividends, make certain investments or other restricted payments, sell or otherwise dispose of substantially all of our assets and engage in other activities. our company credit facility also requires us to comply with a maximum debt-to-ebitda ratio and a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio. these restrictive covenants could limit our ability to pursue our business strategies. in addition, any failure by us to comply with these restrictive covenants could result in an event of default under our credit facility and, in some circumstances, under the indentures governing our notes, which, in any case, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition.
changes in the method pursuant to which the libor rates are determined and potential phasing out of libor after 2021 may affect the value of the financial obligations to be held or issued by us that are linked to libor or our results of operations or financial condition.
as of december 31, 2020, borrowings under our company credit facility bear interest based upon various reference rates, including libor. on july 27, 2017, the financial conduct authority (the authority that regulates libor) announced that it intends to stop compelling banks to submit rates for the calculation of libor after 2021. on november 30, 2020, ice benchmark administration (iba), the administrator of libor, announced plans to consult on ceasing the publication of certain u.s. dollar libor rates on december 31, 2021 and to extend the transition for other u.s. dollar libor rates to june 2023. the u.s. federal reserve concurrently issued a statement advising banks to stop new u.s. dollar libor issuances by the end of 2021. in light of these recent announcements, the future of libor at this time is uncertain and any changes in the methods by which libor is determined or regulatory activity related to the phasing out of libor could cause libor to perform differently than in the past or cease to exist. the u.s. federal reserve, in conjunction with the alternative reference rates committee, a steering committee comprised of large u.s. financial institutions, announced replacement of u.s. dollar libor with a new index calculated by short-term repurchase agreements, backed by u.s. treasury securities called the secured overnight financing rate (sofr). the first publication of sofr was released in april 2018. whether or not sofr attains market traction as a libor replacement tool remains in question and the future of libor at this time is uncertain. as a result, it is not possible to predict the effect of any changes, establishment of alternative references rates or other reforms to libor that may be enacted in the u.k. or elsewhere. the elimination of libor or any other changes or reforms to the determination or supervision of libor could have an adverse impact on the market for or value of any libor-linked securities, loans, and other financial obligations or extensions of credit held by or due to us or on our overall financial condition or results of operations.
risks associated with mergers, acquisitions, and divestitures mergers and acquisitions may not be accretive and may cause dilution to our earning per share, which may cause the market price of our common stock to decline.
the market price of our common stock is generally subject to volatility, and there can be no assurances regarding the level or stability of our share price at any time. the market price of our common stock may decline as a result of acquisitions, including the magellan acquisition, if, among other things, we are unable to achieve the expected cost and revenue synergies or growth in earnings, the operational cost savings estimates in connection with the integration of acquired businesses with ours are not realized as rapidly or to the extent anticipated, the transaction costs related to the acquisitions and integrations are greater than expected or if any financing related to the acquisitions is on unfavorable terms. the market price also may decline if we do not achieve the perceived benefits of the acquisitions, including the magellan acquisition, as rapidly or to the extent anticipated by financial or industry analysts or if the effect of the acquisitions on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows is not consistent with the expectations of financial or industry analysts.
we may be unable to successfully integrate our existing business with acquired businesses and realize the anticipated benefits of such acquisitions.
the success of acquisitions we make, including the magellan acquisition, will depend, in part, on our ability to successfully combine the existing business of centene with such acquired businesses and realize the anticipated benefits, including synergies, cost savings, growth in earnings, innovation and operational efficiencies, from the combinations. if we are unable to achieve these objectives within the anticipated time frame, or at all, the anticipated benefits may not be realized fully or at all, or may take longer to realize than expected and the value of our common stock may be harmed.
the integration of acquired businesses, including magellan health, with our existing business is a complex, costly and time-consuming process. the integration may result in material challenges, including, without limitation:
the diversion of management's attention from ongoing business concerns and performance shortfalls as a result of the devotion of management's attention to the integration;
managing a larger company;
maintaining employee morale and retaining key management and other employees;
the possibility of faulty assumptions underlying expectations regarding the integration process;
retaining existing business and operational relationships and attracting new business and operational relationships;
consolidating corporate and administrative infrastructures and eliminating duplicative operations;
coordinating geographically separate organizations;
unanticipated issues in integrating information technology, communications and other systems;
unanticipated changes in federal or state laws or regulations, including the aca and any regulations enacted thereunder;
unforeseen expenses or delays associated with the acquisition and/or integration;
achieving actual cost savings at the anticipated levels; and
decreases in premiums paid under government sponsored healthcare programs by any state in which we operate.
many of these factors will be outside of our control and any one of them could result in delays, increased costs, decreases in the amount of expected revenues and diversion of management's time and energy, which could materially affect our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. our ability to successfully manage the expanded business following any given acquisition, including the magellan acquisition, will depend, in part, upon management's ability to design and implement strategic initiatives that address not only the integration of two independent stand-alone companies, but also the increased scale and scope of the combined business with its associated increased costs and complexity. there can be no assurances that we will be successful in managing our expanded operations as a result of acquisitions or that we will realize the expected growth in earnings, operating efficiencies, cost savings and other benefits.
the financing arrangements that we entered into in connection with the wellcare acquisition may, under certain circumstances, contain restrictions and limitations that could significantly impact our ability to operate our business.
we incurred significant new indebtedness in connection with the wellcare acquisition. certain of the agreements governing the indebtedness that we incurred in connection with the wellcare acquisition contains covenants that, among other things, may, under certain circumstances, place limitations on the dollar amounts paid or other actions relating to:
payments in respect of, or redemptions or acquisitions of, debt or equity issued by us or our subsidiaries, including the payment of dividends on our common stock;
incurring additional indebtedness;
incurring guarantee obligations;
paying dividends;
creating liens on assets;
entering into sale and leaseback transactions;
making investments, loans or advances;
entering into hedging transactions;
engaging in mergers, consolidations or sales of all or substantially all of their respective assets; and
engaging in certain transactions with affiliates.
in addition, we are required to maintain a minimum amount of excess availability as set forth in these agreements.
our ability to maintain minimum excess availability in future periods will depend on our ongoing financial and operating performance, which in turn will be subject to economic conditions and to financial, market and competitive factors, many of which are beyond our control. the ability to comply with this covenant in future periods will also depend on our ability to successfully implement its overall business strategy and realize the anticipated benefits of the wellcare acquisition, including synergies, cost savings, innovation and operational efficiencies.
various risks, uncertainties and events beyond our control could affect our ability to comply with the covenants contained in our financing agreements. failure to comply with any of the covenants in our existing or future financing agreements could result in a default under those agreements and under other agreements containing cross-default provisions. a default would permit lenders to accelerate the maturity of the debt under these agreements and to foreclose upon any collateral securing the debt. under these circumstances, we might not have sufficient funds or other resources to satisfy all of its obligations. in addition, the limitations imposed by financing agreements on our ability to incur additional debt and to take other actions might significantly impair its ability to obtain other financing.
additional risks associated with the magellan acquisition the merger with magellan health is subject to conditions, some or all of which may not be satisfied, or completed on a timely basis, if at all. failure to complete the merger with magellan health could have adverse effects on our business.
the completion of the merger is subject to a number of conditions, including, among others, the receipt of u.s. federal antitrust clearance and certain other required state regulatory approvals, which make the completion of the magellan acquisition and timing thereof uncertain. also, either we or magellan health may terminate the merger agreement (merger agreement) if the magellan acquisition is not consummated by october 4, 2021 (subject to an automatic extension to january 4, 2022 in certain circumstances), except that this right to terminate the merger agreement will not be available to any party whose failure to perform, in any material respect, any obligation under the merger agreement has been the proximate cause of the failure of the merger to be consummated on or before that date.
if the magellan acquisition is not completed, our ongoing business may be adversely affected and, without realizing any of the benefits that we could have realized had the magellan acquisition been completed, we will be subject to a number of risks, including the following:
the market price of our common stock could decline;
inability to secure financing;
if the merger agreement is terminated and our board of directors (board) seeks another business combination, our stockholders cannot be certain that we will be able to find a party willing to enter into any transaction on terms equivalent to or more attractive than the terms that we and magellan health have agreed to in the merger agreement;
time and resources committed by our management to matters relating to the magellan acquisition could otherwise have been devoted to pursuing other beneficial opportunities;
we may experience negative reactions from the financial markets or from our customers or employees; and
we will be required to pay our costs relating to the magellan acquisition, such as legal, accounting, financial advisory and printing fees, whether or not the magellan acquisition is completed.
in addition, if the magellan acquisition is not completed, we could be subject to litigation related to any failure to complete the magellan acquisition or related to any enforcement proceeding commenced against us to perform our obligations under the merger agreement. if any such risk materializes, it could adversely impact our ongoing business.
similarly, delays in the completion of the magellan acquisition could, among other things, result in additional transaction costs, loss of revenue or other negative effects associated with uncertainty about completion of the magellan acquisition and cause us not to realize some or all of the benefits that we expect to achieve if the magellan acquisition is successfully completed within its expected timeframe. we cannot assure you that the conditions to the closing of the magellan acquisition will be satisfied or waived or that the magellan acquisition will be consummated.
centene and magellan health may be targets of securities class action and derivative lawsuits that could result in substantial costs and may delay or prevent the magellan acquisition from being completed.
securities class action lawsuits and derivative lawsuits are often brought against public companies that have entered into merger agreements. even if the lawsuits are without merit, defending against these claims can result in substantial costs and divert management time and resources. an adverse judgment could result in monetary damages, which could have a negative impact on centene's and magellan health's respective liquidity and financial condition. additionally, if a plaintiff is successful in obtaining an injunction prohibiting completion of the magellan acquisition, then that injunction may delay or prevent the magellan acquisition from being completed, or from being completed within the expected timeframe, which may adversely affect centene's business, financial position and results of operation. currently, centene is not aware of any securities class action lawsuits or derivative lawsuits having been filed in connection with the magellan acquisition.
completion of the magellan acquisition may trigger change in control or other provisions in certain agreements to which magellan health or its subsidiaries are a party, which may have an adverse impact on the combined company's business and results of operations.
the completion of the magellan acquisition may trigger change in control and other provisions in certain agreements to which magellan health or its subsidiaries are a party. if we and magellan health are unable to negotiate waivers of those provisions, the counterparties may exercise their rights and remedies under the agreements, potentially terminating the agreements or seeking monetary damages. even if we and magellan health are able to negotiate waivers, the counterparties may require a fee for such waivers or seek to renegotiate the agreements on terms less favorable to magellan health or the combined company. any of the foregoing or similar developments may have an adverse impact on the combined company's business and results of operations.
general risk factors we may be unable to attract, retain or effectively manage the succession of key personnel.
we are highly dependent on our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel to operate and expand our business. we may be adversely impacted if we are unable to adequately plan for the succession of our executives and senior management. while we have succession plans in place for members of our executive and senior management team, these plans do not guarantee that the services of our executive and senior management team will continue to be available to us. our ability to replace any departed members of our executive and senior management team or other key employees may be difficult and may take an extended period of time because of the limited number of individuals in the managed care and specialty services industry with the breadth of skills and experience required to operate and successfully expand a business such as ours. competition to hire from this limited pool is intense, and we may be unable to hire, train, retain or motivate these personnel. if we are unable to attract, retain and effectively manage the succession plans for key personnel, executives and senior management, our business and financial position, results of operations or cash flows could be harmed.
future issuances and sales of additional shares of preferred or common stock could reduce the market price of our shares of common stock.
we may, from time to time, issue additional securities to raise capital or in connection with acquisitions. we often acquire interests in other companies by using a combination of cash and our common stock or just our common stock. further, shares of preferred stock may be issued from time to time in one or more series as our board of directors may from time to time determine each such series to be distinctively designated. the issuance of any such preferred stock could materially adversely affect the rights of holders of our common stock. any of these events may dilute your ownership interest in our company and have an adverse impact on the price of our common stock.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this filing. the discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties, including those set forth under part i, item 1a."risk factors" of this form 10-k. the following discussion and analysis does not include certain items related to the year ended december 31, 2018, including year-to-year comparisons between the year ended december 31, 2019 and the year ended december 31, 2018. for a comparison of our results of operations for the fiscal years ended december 31, 2019 and december 31, 2018, see item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations of our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2019, filed with the sec on february 18, 2020.
executive overview general we are a leading multi-national healthcare enterprise that is committed to helping people live healthier lives. we take a local approach - with local brands and local teams - to provide fully integrated, high-quality, and cost-effective services to government-sponsored and commercial healthcare programs, focusing on under-insured and uninsured individuals.
results of operations depend on our ability to manage expenses associated with health benefits (including estimated costs incurred) and selling, general and administrative (sg&a) costs. we measure operating performance based upon two key ratios. the health benefits ratio (hbr) represents medical costs as a percentage of premium revenues, excluding premium tax and health insurer fee revenues that are separately billed, and reflects the direct relationship between the premiums received and the medical services provided. the sg&a expense ratio represents sg&a costs as a percentage of premium and service revenues, excluding premium tax and health insurer fee revenues that are separately billed.
our insurance subsidiaries are subject to the affordable care act annual health insurer fee (hif), absent a hif moratorium or repeal. we recognize revenue for reimbursement of the hif, including the "gross-up" to reflect the non-deductibility of the hif. collectively, this revenue is recorded as premium tax and health insurer fee revenue in the consolidated statements of operations. for certain products, premium taxes, state assessments and the hif are not pass-through payments and are recorded as premium revenue and premium tax expense or health insurer fee expense in the consolidated statements of operations. a moratorium suspended the hif for the 2019 calendar year. due to the size of the health insurer fee, one of the primary drivers of the year-over-year variances discussed throughout this section is related to the reinstatement of the hif in 2020. the hif has been repealed beginning in 2021.
wellcare acquisition on january 23, 2020, we acquired all of the issued and outstanding shares of wellcare health plans, inc. (wellcare) (the wellcare acquisition). the transaction was valued at $19.6 billion, including the assumption of $1.95 billion of outstanding debt. the wellcare acquisition brought a high-quality medicare platform and further extended our robust medicaid offerings. the combination enables us to provide access to more comprehensive and differentiated solutions across more markets with a continued focus on affordable, high-quality, culturally-sensitive healthcare services.
due to the size of the acquisition, one of the primary drivers of the year-over-year variances discussed throughout this section is related to the acquisition of wellcare.
magellan acquisition in january 2021, we announced that we entered into a definitive merger agreement under which we will acquire magellan health for $95.00 per share in cash for a total enterprise value of approximately $2.2 billion. the transaction will broaden and deepen our whole health capabilities and establish a leading behavioral health platform. the transaction is subject to clearance under the hart-scott rodino act, receipt of required state regulatory approvals, the approval of the definitive merger agreement by magellan health's stockholders and other customary closing conditions. the transaction is not contingent upon financing. we intend to fund the acquisition primarily through debt financing. the transaction is expected to close in the second half of 2021.
acquisitions we continued to execute on our growth strategy through acquisitions during 2020. in the fourth quarter of 2020, we acquired pantherx and apixio. pantherx is one of the largest and fastest-growing specialty pharmacies in the united states table of contents specializing in orphan drugs and treating rare diseases. pantherx and its management team will continue to operate independently as part of our envolve pharmacy solutions business unit, a total drug management program that includes integrated pbm services and specialty pharmacy solutions to millions of members throughout the united states. apixio is a healthcare analytics company offering artificial intelligence technology solutions. with this transaction, we will continue to digitize the administration of healthcare and accelerate innovation and modernization across the enterprise. apixio will remain an operationally independent entity as part of our health care enterprises group to continue bringing value to its clients and the industry, while also realizing the benefits of enhanced scale.
covid-19 trends and uncertainties the covid-19 outbreak has created unique and unprecedented challenges. to support our members, providers, employees and the communities we serve, we have taken several actions and made numerous investments related to the covid-19 crisis. we have extended coverage of covid-19 screening, testing and treatment services for medicaid, medicare and marketplace members and are waiving all associated member cost share amounts. we are delivering new critical support to safety net providers, including federally qualified healthcare centers (fqhcs), behavioral health providers, and long-term service and support organizations. we continue to address social determinants of health for vulnerable populations during the covid-19 crisis with a commitment to research and investment in non-medical barriers to achieving quality health outcomes. we developed initiatives designed to support the disability community affected by the pandemic. we created a provider support program to assist our network providers who are seeking benefits from the small business administration (sba) through the cares act. we established a medical reserve leave policy to support clinical employees who want to join a medical reserve force and serve their communities during the covid-19 pandemic. we are providing additional employee benefits including waiving cost-sharing for covid-19 related treatment, emergency paid sick leave, and one-time payments to employees in a small number of critical office functions.
we have taken significant steps to support our employees to protect their health and safety, while also ensuring that our business can continue to operate and that services continue without disruption. we have implemented our business continuity plans and have taken actions to support our workforce. we have transitioned the vast majority of our employees to work from home, allowing centene to continue to operate at close to full capacity, while continuing to maintain our internal control framework. as a result, we have experienced and expect continued incremental costs due to investments and actions we have already taken and continued efforts to protect our members, employees and communities we serve.
the impact on our business in both the short-term and long-term is uncertain. the outlook for 2021 depends on future developments, including but not limited to: the length and severity of the outbreak (including new strains, which may be more contagious, more severe or less responsive to treatment or vaccines), the effectiveness of containment actions, and the timing around the development of treatments and distribution of vaccinations. the pandemic and these future developments have impacted and will continue to affect our membership and medical utilization. from march 31, 2020 through december 31, 2020, our medicaid membership has increased by 1.7 million members. the pandemic also has the potential to impact the administration of state and federal healthcare programs, premium rates and risk sharing mechanisms. we continue to have active dialogues with our state partners.
medical utilization continues to normalize as elective procedures and other non-emergent care resume, consistent with our expectations. we have experienced and continue to expect incremental covid-19 costs as the outbreak continues to spread. in addition, the pandemic has widespread economic impact, driving interest rate decreases and lowering our investment income.
the impact of all these items slightly benefited our 2020 results. we are confident we have the team, systems, expertise and financial strength to continue to effectively navigate this challenging pandemic landscape.
regulatory trends and uncertainties the united states government, politicians, and healthcare experts continue to discuss and debate various elements of the united states healthcare model. we remain focused on the promise of delivering access to high quality, affordable healthcare to all of our members and believe we are well positioned to meet the needs of the changing healthcare landscape. we have more than three decades of experience, spanning seven presidents from both sides of the aisle, in delivering high-quality healthcare services on behalf of states and the federal government to under-insured and uninsured families, commercial organizations and military families. this expertise has allowed us to deliver cost effective services to our government sponsors and our members. while healthcare experts maintain focus on personalized healthcare technology, we continue to make strategic decisions to accelerate development of new software platforms and analytical capabilities. we continue to believe we have both the capacity and capability to successfully navigate industry changes to the benefit of our members, customers and shareholders.
table of contents for additional information regarding regulatory trends and uncertainties, see part i, item 1 "business - regulation" and item 1a, "risk factors."
2020 highlights our financial performance for 2020 is summarized as follows:
year-end managed care membership of 25.5 million, an increase of 10.3 million members, or 67% over 2019.
total revenues of $111.1 billion, representing 49% growth year-over-year.
hbr of 86.2% for 2020, compared to 87.3% for 2019.
sg&a expense ratio of 9.5% for 2020, compared to 9.3% for 2019.
adjusted sg&a expense ratio of 8.9% for 2020, compared to 9.2% for 2019.
diluted eps of $3.12 for 2020, compared to $3.14 for 2019.
adjusted diluted eps of $5.00 for 2020, compared to $4.42 for 2019.
operating cash flows of $5.5 billion, or 3.1 times net earnings, for 2020.
a reconciliation from gaap diluted eps to adjusted diluted eps is highlighted below, and additional detail is provided under the heading "non-gaap financial presentation":
year ended december 31,
2020                                                                                     2019
gaap diluted eps attributable to centene             $3.12                         $3.14
amortization of acquired intangible assets            0.95                          0.47
acquisition related expenses                          0.86                          0.19
other adjustments (1)                                 0.07                          0.62
adjusted diluted eps                                 $5.00                         $4.42
(1) other adjustments include the following items:
2020 - gain related to the divestiture of certain products of our illinois health plan of $104 million, or $0.10 per diluted share, net of an income tax expense of $0.08; (b) non-cash impairment of our third-party care management software business of $72 million, or $0.10 per diluted share, net of an income tax benefit of $0.02; and (c) debt extinguishment costs of $61 million, or $0.07 per diluted share, net of an income tax benefit of $0.04; and
2019 - non-cash goodwill and intangible asset impairment of $271 million or $0.57 per diluted share, net of an income tax benefit of $0.08 and debt extinguishment costs of $30 million or $0.05 per diluted share, net of an income tax benefit of $0.02.
the following items contributed to our revenue and membership growth in 2020:
arkansas. in march 2019, our arkansas subsidiary, arkansas total care, assumed full-risk on a medicaid special needs population comprised of people with high behavioral health needs and individuals with developmental/intellectual disabilities.
correctional. in july 2020, centurion commenced a two-year contract with the kansas department of administration to provide healthcare services in the department of corrections' facilities. in april 2020, centurion began providing medical services, behavioral healthcare, and substance abuse treatment within four prisons and six community corrections centers across the state of delaware. in july 2019, centurion began operating under a contract to provide comprehensive healthcare services to inmates housed in arizona's state prison system, and also began operating under a re-awarded contract to continue the provision of mental and dental health services to the georgia department of table of contents correction's state prison facilities. in february 2019, centurion began operating under a new contract to provide comprehensive healthcare services to detainees of the metropolitan detention center located in albuquerque, new mexico.
florida. in december 2018, our florida subsidiary, sunshine health, began providing physical and behavioral healthcare services through florida's statewide medicaid managed care program under its new five year contract which was implemented for all 11 regions by february 2019.
health insurance marketplace. in january 2020, we expanded our offerings in the 2020 health insurance marketplace in ten existing markets: arizona, florida, georgia, kansas, north carolina, ohio, south carolina, tennessee, texas, and washington.
healthsmart. in may 2019, we acquired healthsmart, a third party administrator providing customizable and scalable health plan solutions for self-funded employers, universities and colleges, and native american tribal enterprises. services include plan administration, care management and wellness programs, network, casualty claim, and pharmacy benefit solutions.
illinois. in july 2020, our illinois subsidiary, meridian health plan of illinois, inc. (meridian), began serving medicaid members in cook county, illinois, as a result of a member transfer agreement under which meridian was assigned 100% of nextlevel health partners, inc.'s approximately 54,000 members who access benefits from the illinois department of healthcare and family services' healthchoice illinois program. in february 2020, we began operating in illinois under an expanded contract for the medicaid managed care program. the expanded contract includes children who are in need through the department of children and family services/youth care by illinois department of healthcare and family services and foster care.
iowa. in july 2019, our iowa subsidiary, iowa total care, inc., began operating under a new statewide contract for the ia health link program.
louisiana. in january 2020, our louisiana subsidiary, louisiana healthcare connections, began operating under an emergency contract extension in response to protested contract awards. louisiana's state procurement officer overturned the louisiana department of health's plan to award medicaid contracts to four health plans, excluding our louisiana subsidiary. according to the chief procurement officer, the state health department failed to follow state law or its own evaluation and bid guidelines in its award.
medicare. in january 2020, we expanded our medicare offerings. we entered nevada and expanded our footprint in twelve existing markets: arizona, arkansas, california, georgia, kansas, louisiana, missouri, new mexico, new york, ohio, pennsylvania, and texas.
new hampshire. in september 2019, our new hampshire subsidiary, nh healthy families, began operating under a new five-year contract to continue to provide service to medicaid enrollees statewide.
pennsylvania. in january 2018, our pennsylvania subsidiary, pennsylvania health and wellness, began serving enrollees in the community healthchoices program as part of the statewide contract that was fully implemented in january 2020.
qualchoice. in april 2019, we completed the acquisition of qca health plan, inc. and qualchoice life and health insurance company, inc. the acquisition expands our footprint in arkansas by adding additional members primarily through commercial products.
spain. in december 2019, our spanish subsidiary, ribera salud, acquired 93% of hospital povisa, s.a., a private hospital in the vigo region of spain. in june 2019, primero salud, acquired additional ownership in ribera salud, increasing our ownership in the spanish healthcare company from 50% to 90%.
washington. in january 2019, our washington state subsidiary, coordinated care of washington, began providing managed care services to apple health's fully integrated managed care beneficiaries in the greater columbia, king and pierce regions. this integration continued with the addition of the north sound region in july 2019.

wellcare. on january 23, 2020, we completed the wellcare acquisition. the wellcare acquisition brought a high-quality medicare platform and further extended our robust medicaid offerings. the transaction was valued at $19.6 billion, including the assumption of $1.95 billion of outstanding debt.
in addition, revenue and membership growth was significantly driven by the suspension of eligibility redeterminations and increased unemployment levels as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, as well as the reinstatement of the health insurer fee in 2020.
the growth items listed above were partially offset by the following items:
effective october 2020, we no longer serve members under the correctional contract in mississippi.
in september 2020, our oregon subsidiary, trillium community health plan, began operating under an expanded contract serving as a coordinated care organization for six counties in the state; however, an additional competitor was added to lane county. as a result, our membership decreased.
effective august 2020, we no longer serve members under the military & family life counseling program contract.
effective july 2020, we no longer serve members under the state-wide correctional contract in vermont.
in january 2020, in connection with the wellcare acquisition, we completed the divestiture of certain products in our illinois health plan, including the medicaid and medicare advantage lines of business.
effective december 2019, we no longer serve members under the state-wide correctional contract in new mexico.
beginning in january 2019, health net of arizona, inc. began discontinuing and non-renewing all of its employer group plans for small and large business groups in arizona. the effective date of coverage termination for existing groups is dependent on remaining renewals; however, coverage is no longer provided to any group policyholders and/or members as of december 31, 2019.
we expect the following items to contribute to our revenue or future growth potential:
we expect to realize the full year benefit in 2021 of acquisitions, investments, and business commenced during 2020, as discussed above.
in january 2021, centene announced that its oklahoma subsidiary, oklahoma complete health, has been selected by the oklahoma health care authority (ohca) for statewide contracts to provide managed care for the soonerselect and, on a sole source basis, soonerselect specialty children's plan (scp) (foster care) programs. the state expects to commence the soonerselect and soonerselect scp programs on october 1, 2021.
in january 2021, we began administering the buckley prime service area pilot in the denver, colorado area, which is a tricare pilot program to value-based payment arrangements not currently an option in the fee-for-service t2017 reimbursement model.
in january 2021, we announced that we entered into a definitive merger agreement under which we will acquire magellan health for $95.00 per share in cash for a total enterprise value of approximately $2.2 billion. the transaction is subject to clearance under the hart-scott rodino act, receipt of required state regulatory approvals, the approval of the definitive merger agreement by magellan health's stockholders and other customary closing conditions. the transaction is expected to close in the second half of 2021.
in january 2021, we expanded our offerings in the health insurance marketplace. we expanded our marketplace product, branded ambetter, in nearly 400 new counties across 13 existing states. in addition, ambetter-branded marketplace products is now offered in two new states, new mexico and michigan.
in december 2020, we acquired pantherx, one of the largest and fastest-growing specialty pharmacies in the united states specializing in orphan drugs and treating rare diseases.
in december 2020, we acquired apixio inc., a healthcare analytics company offering artificial intelligence technology solutions. with this transaction, we will continue to digitize the administration of healthcare and accelerate innovation table of contents and modernization across the enterprise.
in october 2019, our north carolina joint venture, carolina complete health, was awarded an additional service area to provide medicaid managed care services in region 4. with the addition of this new region, carolina complete health will provide medicaid managed care services in three contiguous regions: region 3, 4 and 5. in february 2019, wellcare was awarded a statewide contract to administer the state's medicaid prepaid health plans. the new contracts are expected to commence in mid-2021.
the future growth items listed above are partially offset by the following items:
in october 2020, centers for medicare and medicaid services (cms) published updated medicare star quality ratings for the 2021 rating year. approximately 30% of our medicare members are in a 4 star or above plan for the 2022 bonus year, compared to 46% for the 2021 bonus year. our quality bonus and rebates may be negatively impacted in 2021 and 2022, if we are unable to utilize mitigation strategies.
beginning in 2021, the health insurer fee has been repealed, which will result in a decrease in revenue.
we expect a decrease in our marketplace membership driven by a reduction in the state of florida, resulting from price competition in three highly populated counties.
we expect medicaid eligibility redeterminations to begin on may 1, 2021, resulting in a decrease in membership.
membership from december 31, 2019 to december 31, 2020, we increased our managed care membership by 10.3 million, or 67%. the following table sets forth our membership by line of business:
december 31,
2020                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     2019
traditional medicaid (1)                                                               12,055,400                                                                                                               7,573,600
high acuity medicaid (2)                                                                1,554,700                                                                                                               1,110,000
total medicaid                                                                         13,610,100                                                                                                               8,683,600
commercial                                                                              2,633,600                                                                                                               2,331,100
medicare (3)                                                                              955,400                                                                                                                 359,600
medicare pdp                                                                            4,469,400                                                                                                                       -
international                                                                             597,700                                                                                                                 599,800
correctional                                                                              147,200                                                                                                                 180,000
total at-risk membership                                                               22,413,400                                                                                                              12,154,100
tricare eligibles                                                                       2,877,900                                                                                                               2,860,700
non-risk membership                                                                       231,600                                                                                                                 227,000
total                                                                                  25,522,900                                                                                                              15,241,800
(1) membership includes tanf, medicaid expansion, chip, foster care and behavioral health(2) membership includes abd, idd, ltss and mmp duals(3) membership includes medicare advantage and medicare supplement the following table sets forth additional membership statistics, which are included in the membership information above:
december 31,
2020                                                                                                          2019
dual-eligible (4)                         1,066,800                                               639,200
health insurance marketplace              2,131,600                                             1,805,200
medicaid expansion                        2,181,400                                             1,346,700
(4) membership that is eligible for both medicaid and medicare benefits.
table of contents from december 31, 2019 to december 31, 2020, our membership increased as a result of:
the wellcare acquisition;
medicaid membership growth related to the covid-19 pandemic;
membership growth in our health insurance marketplace business; and
expansions, new programs and growth in many of our states.
table of contents results of operations the following discussion and analysis is based on our consolidated statements of operations, which reflect our results of operations for years ended december 31, 2020, and 2019, respectively, prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the united states ($ in millions, except per share data in dollars):
2020                                                                                                            2019                  % change 2019-2020
premium                                                                          $100,055                 $67,439                            48        %
service                                                                             3,745                   2,925                            28        %
premium and service revenues                                                      103,800                  70,364                            48        %
premium tax and health insurer fee                                                  7,315                   4,275                            71        %
total revenues                                                                    111,115                  74,639                            49        %
medical costs                                                                      86,264                  58,862                            47        %
cost of services                                                                    3,303                   2,465                            34        %
selling, general and administrative expenses                                        9,867                   6,533                            51        %
amortization of acquired intangible assets                                            719                     258                           179        %
premium tax expense                                                                 6,332                   4,469                            42        %
health insurer fee expense                                                          1,476                       -                                   n.m.
goodwill and intangible impairment                                                     72                     271                          (73)        %
earnings from operations                                                            3,082                   1,781                            73        %
other income (expense):
investment and other income                                                           480                     443                             8        %
debt extinguishment costs                                                            (61)                    (30)                         (103)        %
interest expense                                                                    (728)                   (412)                          (77)        %
earnings before income tax expense                                                  2,773                   1,782                            56        %
income tax expense                                                                    979                     473                           107        %
net earnings                                                                        1,794                   1,309                            37        %
loss attributable to noncontrolling interests                                          14                      12                            17        %
net earnings attributable to centene corporation                                   $1,808                  $1,321                            37        %
diluted earnings per common share attributable to centene corporation:              $3.12                   $3.14                           (1)        %
n.m.: not meaningful table of contents year ended december 31, 2020 compared to year ended december 31, 2019
total revenues the following table sets forth supplemental revenue information for the year ended december 31, ($ in millions):
2020                                                                  2019                           % change 2019-2020
medicaid                 $74,785                             $51,831                                        44        %
commercial                17,071                              14,747                                        16        %
medicare (1)              11,976                               4,248                                       182        %
medicare pdp               2,403                                   -                                               n.m.
other                      4,880                               3,813                                        28        %
total revenues          $111,115                             $74,639                                        49        %
(1) medicare includes medicare advantage and medicare supplement n.m.: not meaningful total revenues increased 49% in the year ended december 31, 2020, over the corresponding period in 2019, primarily due to the acquisition of wellcare, growth in the medicaid and health insurance marketplace businesses, and the reinstatement of the health insurer fee in 2020. additionally, the net effect of the pandemic increased our revenues due to the suspension of medicaid eligibility redeterminations. the increase was partially offset by the divestiture of our illinois health plan. during the twelve months ended december 31, 2020, we received premium rate adjustments which yielded a net 1% composite increase across all of our markets.
operating expenses medical costs results of operations depend on our ability to manage expenses associated with health benefits and to accurately estimate costs incurred. the hbr represents medical costs as a percentage of premium revenues, excluding premium tax and health insurer fee revenues that are separately billed, and reflects the direct relationship between the premiums received and the medical services provided.
the hbr for the year ended december 31, 2020 was 86.2%, a decrease of 110 basis points over the comparable period in 2019. the hbr decrease was primarily attributable to lower medical utilization trends due to the covid-19 pandemic, the aca risk corridor receivable settlement and the reinstatement of the health insurer fee. the decrease was partially offset by performance in the health insurance marketplace business, the implementation of retroactive state premium rate adjustments and risk sharing mechanisms, and higher testing and treatment costs associated with covid-19.
cost of services cost of services increased by $838 million in the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to the corresponding period in 2019, primarily attributable to increased volume in our specialty pharmacy business, increased non-specialty pharmacy sales to our recently divested illinois health plan, and growth from acquired businesses.
the cost of service ratio for the year ended december 31, 2020 was 88.2%, compared to 84.3% in 2019. the increase in the cost of service ratio was driven by the results of lower revenue from the shared savings programs in our physician home health business and higher non-specialty pharmacy sales to our recently divested illinois health plan, which carries a higher cost of service ratio.
selling, general & administrative expenses sg&a increased by $3.3 billion in the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to the corresponding period in 2019. the sg&a increase was primarily due to the addition of the wellcare business, expansions, new programs and growth in many of our states in 2020, and $580 million of acquisition related expense in the year ended december 31, 2020.
table of contents the sg&a expense ratio was 9.5% for the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to 9.3% for the year ended december 31, 2019. the 2020 sg&a expense ratio increased due to higher acquisition and integration related expenses primarily due to the wellcare acquisition, the $275 million charitable contribution to our foundation and enhanced growth and profitability initiatives for our medicare and health insurance marketplace businesses (both as a result of the one-time aca risk corridor settlement). these items were partially offset by leveraging of expenses over higher revenues as a result of the wellcare acquisition.
the adjusted sg&a expense ratio was 8.9% for the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to 9.2% for the year ended december 31, 2019. the adjusted sg&a expense ratio benefited from leveraging of expenses over higher revenues as a result of the wellcare acquisition, partially offset by the $275 million charitable contribution to our foundation and enhanced growth and profitability initiatives for our medicare and health insurance marketplace businesses.
health insurer fee expense health insurer fee expense was $1.5 billion for the year ended december 31, 2020. as a result of the health insurer fee moratorium, which suspended the health insurance provider fee for the 2019 calendar year, we did not record health insurer fee expense for the year ended december 31, 2019.
impairment during the first quarter of 2020, we recorded $72 million, or $0.10 per diluted share, of non-cash impairment of our third-party care management software business. in 2019, we recorded $271 million, or $0.57 per diluted share, of non-cash goodwill and intangible asset impairment. substantially all of the 2019 impairment is associated with our usmm physician home health business and was identified as part of our quarterly review procedures, which included an analysis of new information related to our shared savings programs, slower than expected penetration of the physician home health business model into our medicaid population, and the related impact to revised forecasts.
other income (expense)
the following table summarizes the components of other income (expense) for the year ended december 31, ($ in millions):
2020                                               2019
investment and other income              $480                  $443
debt extinguishment costs                (61)                  (30)
interest expense                        (728)                 (412)
other income (expense), net            $(309)                    $1
investment and other income. investment and other income increased by $37 million for year ended december 31, 2020 compared to 2019. the increase in investment income in 2020 was due to a $104 million gain related to the divestiture of certain products of our illinois health plan as part of the previously announced divestiture agreements associated with the wellcare acquisition as well as overall higher investment balances, partially offset by lower interest rates.
debt extinguishment costs. in october 2020, we redeemed all of the $1.0 billion 4.75% senior notes due 2022 (the 2022 notes) and the $1.2 billion 5.25% senior notes due 2025 (the 2025 notes). we recognized a pre-tax loss on extinguishment of $17 million on the redemption of the 2022 notes and the 2025 notes in the fourth quarter of 2020, including the call premiums and write-off of unamortized debt issuance costs. in february 2020, we redeemed all of our outstanding $1.0 billion 6.125% senior notes, due february 15, 2024 (the 2024 notes) and recognized a pre-tax loss on extinguishment of $44 million. the loss includes the call premium, the write-off of unamortized debt issuance costs and the loss on the termination of the $1.0 billion interest rate swap associated with the 2024 notes. in october 2019, we redeemed the outstanding principal balance on the $1.4 billion 5.625% senior notes due february 15, 2021 (the 2021 notes). we recognized a pre-tax loss on extinguishment of $30 million on the redemption of the 2021 notes, including the call premium, the write-off of unamortized debt issuance costs and a loss on the termination of the $600 million interest rate swap agreement associated with the notes.
interest expense. interest expense increased by $316 million in the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to the corresponding period in 2019. the increase is driven by an increase in borrowings related to the issuance of an additional $7.0 billion in senior notes in december 2019 to finance the cash consideration of the wellcare acquisition as well as the $1.9 billion of wellcare notes assumed upon acquisition. the increase was also driven by incremental interest expense related to our decision to preserve an additional $1.0 billion of liquidity due to the economic environment created by covid-19.
table of contents income tax expense for the year ended december 31, 2020, we recorded income tax expense of $979 million on pre-tax earnings of $2.8 billion, or an effective tax rate of 35.3%. the effective tax rate for the year ended december 31, 2020 reflects the tax impact associated with the illinois divestiture and the reinstatement of the health insurer fee in 2020, partially offset by a favorable tax settlement. for the year ended december 31, 2019, we recorded income tax expense of $473 million on pre-tax earnings of $1.8 billion, or an effective tax rate of 26.5%, which reflects the impact of the health insurer fee moratorium, partially offset by the non-deductibility of a portion of our non-cash goodwill and intangible impairment recorded in the third quarter of 2019.
segment results the following table summarizes our consolidated operating results by segment for the year ended december 31, ($ in millions):
2020                                              2019                                      % change
2019-2020
total revenues managed care                        $107,296                   $71,379                      50     %
specialty services                    16,155                    13,781                      17     %
eliminations                        (12,336)                  (10,521)                    (17)     %
consolidated total                  $111,115                   $74,639                      49     %
earnings from operations managed care                          $3,031                    $1,806                      68     %
specialty services                        51                      (25)                     304     %
consolidated total                    $3,082                    $1,781                      73     %
managed care total revenues increased 50% in the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to the corresponding period in 2019, primarily due to the acquisition of wellcare, growth in the medicaid and health insurance marketplace businesses, and the reinstatement of the health insurer fee in 2020. additionally, the net effect of the pandemic increased our revenues due to the suspension of medicaid eligibility redeterminations. the increase was partially offset by the divestiture of our illinois health plan. earnings from operations increased $1.2 billion between years driven by the acquisition of wellcare, lower medical utilization due to the covid-19 pandemic, and the reinstatement of the health insurer fee in 2020, partially offset by higher acquisition related expenses, retroactive state premium rate adjustments and risk sharing mechanisms, and higher testing and treatment costs associated with covid-19, particularly in the health insurance marketplace business.
specialty services total revenues increased 17% in the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to the corresponding period in 2019, resulting primarily from increased services associated with membership growth in the managed care segment, acquisitions and increased volume in our specialty pharmacy business. earnings from operations increased $76 million between years. earnings from operations in 2020 was negatively affected by the previously discussed impairment related to our third-party care management software business and the results of the shared savings programs in our physician home health business. earnings from operations in 2019 were negatively affected by the previously discussed non-cash goodwill and intangible impairment related to our usmm physician home health business.
table of contents liquidity and capital resources shown below is a condensed schedule of cash flows for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019, used in the discussion of liquidity and capital resources ($ in millions).
year ended december 31,
2020                                                                                                   2019
net cash provided by operating activities                                                $5,503                          $1,483
net cash used in investing activities                                                   (6,955)                         (1,532)
net cash provided by financing activities                                                   260                           6,832
effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                                 18                             (2)
net increase in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash and equivalents            $(1,174)                          $6,781
cash flows provided by operating activities normal operations are funded primarily through operating cash flows and borrowings under our revolving credit facility. in 2020, operating activities provided cash of $5.5 billion, or 3.1 times net earnings, compared to $1.5 billion in 2019. cash flow provided by operations in 2020 was due to net earnings, an increase in medical claims liabilities from growth and expansions, and an increase in other long-term liabilities related to minimum mlr payables and a delay in employer payroll tax payments related to the covid-19 extensions to payment deadlines.
cash flows provided by operations in 2019 was primarily due to net earnings and an increase in medical claims liabilities, primarily resulting from growth in the health insurance marketplace business and the commencement or expansion of the arkansas, iowa, new mexico, and pennsylvania health plans. operating cash flows were partially offset by an increase in premium and trade receivables due to the timing of payments from our state customers, as discussed below.
cash flows from operations in each year can be impacted by the timing of payments we receive from our states. as we have seen historically, states may prepay the following month premium payment, which we record as unearned revenue, or they may delay our premium payment, which we record as a receivable. we typically receive capitation payments monthly; however, the states in which we operate may decide to adjust their payment schedules which could positively or negatively impact our reported cash flows from operating activities in any given period.
year ended december 31,
2020                                                                         2019
(increase) decrease in premium and trade receivables        $(52)                           $(1,076)
increase (decrease) in unearned revenue                     (528)                           (9)
net increase (decrease) in operating cash flow              $(580)                          $(1,085)
cash flows used in investing activities investing activities used cash of $7.0 billion for the year ended december 31, 2020 and $1.5 billion in 2019. cash flows used in investing activities in 2020 primarily consisted of our acquisitions of wellcare, pantherx and apixio, partially offset by divestiture proceeds. cash flows used in investing activities in 2020 also consisted of net additions to the investment portfolio of our regulated subsidiaries (including transfers from cash and cash equivalents to long-term investments) and capital expenditures.
we spent $869 million and $730 million in the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively, on capital expenditures for system enhancements, market growth, and corporate headquarters expansions.
as of december 31, 2020, our investment portfolio consisted primarily of fixed-income securities with a weighted average duration of 3.3 years. we had unregulated cash and investments of $1.9 billion at december 31, 2020, compared to $7.2 billion at december 31, 2019. unregulated cash as of december 31, 2019 included the net proceeds from our $7.0 billion senior note issuance in advance of the closing of the wellcare acquisition. unregulated cash and investments include private equity investments and company owned life insurance contracts.
cash flows used in investing activities in 2019 primarily consisted of the net additions to the investment portfolio of our regulated subsidiaries (including transfers from cash and cash equivalents to long-term investments) and capital expenditures.
table of contents cash flows provided by financing activities our financing activities provided cash of $260 million in 2020, compared to providing cash of $6.8 billion in 2019. during 2020, our net financing activities were due to increased borrowings, partially offset by common stock repurchases. during 2019, our net financing activities primarily related to the proceeds from the issuance of $7.0 billion of senior notes in december 2019 in preparation of the wellcare acquisition.
in connection with the wellcare acquisition, in january 2020, we completed an exchange offer for $1.2 billion of 5.25% senior notes due 2025 and $750 million of 5.375% senior notes due 2026 (collectively, the wellcare notes) issued by wellcare and issued $1.1 billion aggregate principal amount of 5.25% senior notes due 2025 and $747 million aggregate principal amount of 5.375% senior notes due 2026. additionally, our wholly owned subsidiary, wellcare health plans, inc., assumed the remaining unexchanged wellcare notes.
in february 2020, we issued $2.0 billion 3.375% senior notes due 2030 (the $2.0 billion 2030 notes). we used the net proceeds from the $2.0 billion 2030 notes to redeem all of our outstanding 2024 notes. we recognized a pre-tax loss on extinguishment of $44 million, including the call premium, the write-off of unamortized debt issuance costs and a loss on the termination of the $1.0 billion interest rate swap associated with the 2024 notes. we intended to use remaining proceeds to redeem our 2022 notes. the 2022 notes were redeemed in the fourth quarter in connection with an additional offering of senior notes as further described below, and we decided to increase liquidity with the remaining proceeds of the $2.0 billion 2030 notes.
in february 2020, we terminated the interest rate swap agreements associated with the 2022 notes and the senior notes due january 15, 2025, (the 2025 notes). the interest rate swaps associated with the 2024 notes were also terminated in connection with the redemption of those notes as discussed above. in total, we terminated three interest rate swap contracts with a notional amount of $2.1 billion.
in may 2020, we completed an exchange offer, whereby we offered to exchange all of the outstanding $2.0 billion 3.375% senior notes due february 15, 2030, $1.0 billion 4.75% senior notes due 2025, $2.5 billion 4.25% senior notes, and $3.5 billion 4.625% senior notes due 2029 for identical securities that have been registered under the securities act of 1933.
in october 2020, we issued $2.2 billion 3.0% senior notes due october 2030 (the $2.2 billion 2030 notes). we used the net proceeds from the offering, together with cash on hand, to redeem all of the 2022 notes and the $1.2 billion 5.25% senior notes due 2025. we recognized a pre-tax loss on extinguishment of $17 million, including the call premium, and the write-off of unamortized debt issuance costs.
liquidity metrics the credit agreement underlying our revolving credit facility and term loan facility contains customary covenants as well as financial covenants, including a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio and a maximum debt-to-ebitda ratio. our maximum debt-to-ebitda ratio under the credit agreement may not exceed 3.5 to 1.0, which may, under certain circumstances and subject to certain elections made by us, be increased for certain periods to 4.0 to 1.0. as of december 31, 2020, we had $97 million of borrowings outstanding under our revolving credit facility, $1.5 billion of borrowings outstanding under our term loan facility, and we were in compliance with all covenants. as of december 31, 2020, there were no limitations on the availability of our revolving credit facility as a result of the debt-to-ebitda ratio.
we have a $200 million non-recourse construction loan to fund the expansion of our corporate headquarters. in february 2021, we extended the term of the construction loan for one year. the loan bears interest based on the one month libor plus 2.70% and matures in april 2022. the agreement contains financial and non-financial covenants aligning with the credit agreement governing our revolving credit facility. we have guaranteed completion of the construction project associated with the loan. as of december 31, 2020, we had $180 million in borrowings outstanding under the loan.
we had outstanding letters of credit of $129 million as of december 31, 2020, which were not part of our revolving credit facility. the letters of credit bore weighted interest of 0.6% as of december 31, 2020. in addition, we had outstanding surety bonds of $1.1 billion as of december 31, 2020.
the indentures governing our various maturities of senior notes contain limited restrictive covenants. as of december 31, 2020, we were in compliance with all covenants.
table of contents at december 31, 2020, we had working capital, defined as current assets less current liabilities, of $1.8 billion, compared to $7.4 billion at december 31, 2019. working capital as of december 31, 2019, reflected the net proceeds from our $7.0 billion senior note issuance in advance of the closing of the wellcare acquisition. we manage our short-term and long-term investments with the goal of ensuring that a sufficient portion is held in investments that are highly liquid and can be sold to fund short-term requirements as needed.
at december 31, 2020, our debt to capital ratio, defined as total debt divided by the sum of total debt and total equity, was 39.3%, compared to 52.0% at december 31, 2019. excluding $230 million of non-recourse debt, our debt to capital ratio was 39.0% as of december 31, 2020, compared to 51.7% at december 31, 2019. at december 31, 2019, excluding non-recourse debt and the senior notes issued to fund the wellcare acquisition in advance of closing, our debt to capital was 34.3%. we utilize the debt to capital ratio as a measure, among others, of our leverage and financial flexibility.
we have a stock repurchase program authorizing us to repurchase common stock from time to time on the open market or through privately negotiated transactions. we have 5.5 million available shares remaining under the program for repurchases as of december 31, 2020. no duration has been placed on the repurchase program. we reserve the right to discontinue the repurchase program at any time. in 2020, we used proceeds from divestitures to repurchase 8.7 million shares of centene common stock for $500 million through our stock repurchase program. we did not make any repurchases under this plan during 2019.
during the year ended december 31, 2020 and 2019, we received dividends of $1.3 billion and $713 million, respectively, from our regulated subsidiaries.
2021 expectations during 2021, we expect to receive net dividends of approximately $1.7 billion from our regulated subsidiaries and expect to spend approximately $860 million in capital expenditures primarily associated with system enhancements and market and corporate headquarters expansions. in february 2021, our board of directors approved an increase in our existing share repurchase program for our common stock. with the increase, we are authorized to repurchase up to $1.0 billion of shares of our common stock, inclusive of the previously approved stock repurchase program. no duration has been placed on the repurchase program.
in february 2021, we issued $2.2 billion 2.50% senior notes due 2031 (the 2031 notes). in conjunction with the 2031 notes offering, we completed a tender offer (the tender offer) to purchase for cash, subject to certain conditions, any and all of the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the $2.2 billion 4.75% senior notes due 2025 (the 2025 notes). we used the net proceeds from the 2031 notes, together with available cash on hand, to fund the purchase price for the 2025 notes accepted for purchase in the tender offer (approximately 36% of the aggregate principal amount outstanding) and intend to use the remaining proceeds to redeem any of the 2025 notes that remain outstanding following the tender offer, including all premiums, accrued interest and costs and expenses related to the redemption.
we have material debt, lease, and short-term medical claims obligations. refer to note 10. debt, note 11. leases, and note 8. medical claims liability, respectively, for further information. in addition, we have material commitments as a result of our fidelis and health net acquisitions. refer to note 17. commitments for detail.
in the second half of 2021, we expect to complete the merger with magellan health, inc. for $95.00 per share in cash for a total enterprise value of approximately $2.2 billion. we intend to primarily fund the acquisition through debt financing.
based on our operating plan, we expect that our available cash, cash equivalents and investments, cash from our operations and cash available under our revolving credit facility will be sufficient to finance our general operations and capital expenditures for at least 12 months from the date of this filing. while we are currently in a strong liquidity position and believe we have adequate access to capital, we may elect to increase borrowings on our revolving credit facility. in addition, from time to time we may elect to raise additional funds for these and other purposes, either through issuance of debt or equity, the sale of investment securities or otherwise, as appropriate. in addition, we may strategically pursue refinancing or redemption opportunities to extend maturities and/or improve terms of our indebtedness if we believe such opportunities are favorable to us.
table of contents regulatory capital and dividend restrictions our operations are conducted through our subsidiaries. as managed care organizations, most of our subsidiaries are subject to state regulations and other requirements that, among other things, require the maintenance of minimum levels of statutory capital, as defined by each state, and restrict the timing, payment and amount of dividends and other distributions that may be paid to us. generally, the amount of dividend distributions that may be paid by a regulated subsidiary without prior approval by state regulatory authorities is limited based on the entity's level of statutory net income and statutory capital and surplus.
as of december 31, 2020, our subsidiaries had aggregate statutory capital and surplus of $14.2 billion, compared with the required minimum aggregate statutory capital and surplus requirements of $5.9 billion. during the year ended december 31, 2020, we received $508 million of net dividends from our regulated subsidiaries. for our subsidiaries that file with the national association of insurance commissioners (naic), we estimate our risk based capital (rbc) percentage to be in excess of 350% of the authorized control level.
under the california knox-keene health care service plan act of 1975, as amended ("knox-keene"), certain of our california subsidiaries must comply with tangible net equity (tne) requirements. under these knox-keene tne requirements, actual net worth less unsecured receivables and intangible assets must be more than the greater of (i) a fixed minimum amount, (ii) a minimum amount based on premiums or (iii) a minimum amount based on healthcare expenditures, excluding capitated amounts. in addition, certain of our california subsidiaries have made certain undertakings to the department of managed health care to restrict dividends and loans to affiliates, to the extent that the payment of such would reduce such entities' tne below the required amount as specified in the undertaking.
under the new york state department of health codes, rules and regulations title 10, part 98, our new york subsidiary must comply with contingent reserve requirements. under these requirements, net worth based upon admitted assets must equal or exceed a minimum amount based on annual net premium income.
the naic has adopted rules which set minimum risk-based capital requirements for insurance companies, managed care organizations and other entities bearing risk for healthcare coverage. as of december 31, 2020, each of our health plans was in compliance with the risk-based capital requirements enacted in those states.
as a result of the above requirements and other regulatory requirements, certain of our subsidiaries are subject to restrictions on their ability to make dividend payments, loans or other transfers of cash to their parent companies. such restrictions, unless amended or waived or unless regulatory approval is granted, limit the use of any cash generated by these subsidiaries to pay our obligations. the maximum amount of dividends that can be paid by our insurance company subsidiaries without prior approval of the applicable state insurance departments is subject to restrictions relating to statutory surplus, statutory income and unassigned surplus. as of december 31, 2020, the amount of capital and surplus or net worth that was unavailable for the payment of dividends or return of capital to us was $5.9 billion in the aggregate.
recent accounting pronouncements for this information, refer to note 2. summary of significant accounting policies, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements, included herein.
critical accounting policies and estimates our discussion and analysis of our results of operations and liquidity and capital resources are based on our consolidated financial statements which have been prepared in accordance with gaap. our significant accounting policies are more fully described in note 2. summary of significant accounting policies, to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere herein. our accounting policies regarding intangible assets, medical claims liability and revenue recognition are particularly important to the portrayal of our financial position and results of operations and require the application of significant judgment by our management. as a result, they are subject to an inherent degree of uncertainty. we have reviewed these critical accounting policies and related disclosures with the audit committee of our board of directors.
goodwill and intangible assets we have made several acquisitions that have resulted in our recording of intangible assets. these intangible assets primarily consist of purchased contract rights and customer relationships, provider contracts, trade names, developed technologies, and goodwill. key assumptions used in the valuation of these intangible assets include, but are not limited to, member attrition rates, contract renewal probabilities, revenue growth rates, expectations of profitability, and discount and royalty rates. we table of contents allocate the fair value of purchase consideration to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their fair values at the acquisition date. the excess of the fair value of consideration transferred over the fair value of the net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. goodwill is generally attributable to the value of the synergies between the combined companies and the value of the acquired assembled workforce, neither of which qualifies for recognition as an intangible asset. at december 31, 2020, we had $18.7 billion of goodwill and $8.4 billion of other intangible assets.
intangible assets are amortized using the straight-line method over the following periods:
intangible asset                                                 amortization period purchased contract rights and customer relationships                    3 - 21 years provider contracts                                                      4 - 15 years trade names                                                             7 - 20 years developed technologies                                                   2 - 7 years our management evaluates whether events or circumstances have occurred that may affect the estimated useful life or the recoverability of the remaining balance of goodwill and other identifiable intangible assets. if the events or circumstances indicate that the remaining balance of the intangible asset or goodwill may be impaired, the potential impairment will be measured based upon the difference between the carrying amount of the intangible asset or goodwill and the fair value of such asset. our management must make assumptions and estimates, such as the discount factor, future utility and other internal and external factors, in determining the estimated fair values. while we believe these assumptions and estimates are appropriate, other assumptions and estimates could be applied and might produce significantly different results.
goodwill is reviewed annually during the fourth quarter for impairment. in addition, an impairment analysis of intangible assets would be performed based on other factors. these factors include significant changes in membership, financial performance, state funding, medical contracts and provider networks and contracts.
if a reporting unit's carrying amount exceeds its fair value, an entity will record an impairment charge based on that difference. the impairment charge will be limited to the amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. we first assess qualitative factors to determine if a quantitative impairment test is necessary. we generally do not calculate the fair value of a reporting unit unless we determine, based on a qualitative assessment, that it is more likely than not that its fair value is less than its carrying amount. however, in certain circumstances, such as recent acquisitions, we may elect to perform a quantitative assessment without first assessing qualitative factors.
our specialty clinical healthcare business acquired in 2018, with goodwill of $325 million, has experienced short-term decreased profitability due to short-term rate inadequacies and the effect of the covid-19 pandemic, coupled with immigration restrictions enacted by policy administrators. however, the goodwill is expected to be recovered and there have been no fundamental changes in the business model since the acquisition date. to the extent rates do not improve in the long-term or the new administration does not reverse the immigration restrictions, the reporting unit could be at risk for impairment.
medical claims liability our medical claims liability includes claims reported but not yet paid, or inventory, estimates for claims incurred but not reported, or ibnr, and estimates for the costs necessary to process unpaid claims at the end of each period. we estimate our medical claims liability using actuarial methods that are commonly used by health insurance actuaries and meet actuarial standards of practice. these actuarial methods consider factors such as historical data for payment patterns, cost trends, product mix, seasonality, utilization of healthcare services and other relevant factors.
actuarial standards of practice generally require that the medical claims liability estimates be adequate to cover obligations under moderately adverse conditions. moderately adverse conditions are situations in which the actual claims are expected to be higher than the otherwise estimated value of such claims at the time of estimate. the claims amounts ultimately settled will most likely be different than the estimate that satisfies the actuarial standards of practice. we include in our ibnr an estimate for medical claims liability under moderately adverse conditions which represents the risk of adverse deviation of the estimates in our actuarial method of reserving.
we use our judgment to determine the assumptions to be used in the calculation of the required estimates. the assumptions we consider when estimating ibnr include, without limitation, claims receipt and payment experience (and variations in that experience), changes in membership, provider billing practices, healthcare service utilization trends, cost trends, product mix, seasonality, prior authorization of medical services, benefit changes, known outbreaks of disease or increased incidence of table of contents illness such as influenza, provider contract changes, changes to fee schedules, and the incidence of high dollar or catastrophic claims.
we apply various estimation methods depending on the claim type and the period for which claims are being estimated. for more recent periods, incurred non-inpatient claims are estimated based on historical per member per month claims experience adjusted for known factors. incurred hospital inpatient claims are estimated based on known inpatient utilization data and prior claims experience adjusted for known factors. for older periods, we utilize an estimated completion factor based on our historical experience to develop ibnr estimates. the completion factor is an actuarial estimate of the percentage of claims that have been received or adjudicated as of the end of a reporting period relative to the estimate of the total ultimate incurred costs for that same period. when we commence operations in a new state or region, we have limited information with which to estimate our medical claims liability. see "risk factors - failure to accurately estimate and price our medical expenses or effectively manage our medical costs or related administrative costs could negatively affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows." these approaches are consistently applied to each period presented.
additionally, we contract with independent actuaries to review our estimates on a quarterly basis. the independent actuaries provide us with a review letter that includes the results of their analysis of our medical claims liability. we do not solely rely on their report to adjust our claims liability. we utilize their calculation of our claims liability only as additional information, together with management's judgment, to determine the assumptions to be used in the calculation of our liability for claims.
our development of the medical claims liability estimate is a continuous process which we monitor and refine on a monthly basis as additional claims receipts and payment information becomes available. as more complete claims information becomes available, we adjust the amount of the estimates, and include the changes in estimates in medical costs in the period in which the changes are identified. in every reporting period, our operating results include the effects of more completely developed medical claims liability estimates associated with previously reported periods. we consistently apply our reserving methodology from period to period. as additional information becomes known to us, we adjust our actuarial models accordingly to establish medical claims liability estimates.
the paid and received completion factors, claims per member per month and per diem cost trend factors are the most significant factors affecting the ibnr estimate. the following table illustrates the sensitivity of these factors and the estimated potential impact on our operating results caused by changes in these factors based on december 31, 2020 data:
completion factors: (1)                                                                                     cost trend factors: (2)
(decrease)                                              increase                                            (decrease)                                              increase increase                                         (decrease) in                                              increase                                         (decrease) in in factors                                        medical claims                                            in factors                                        medical claims liabilities                                                                                                 liabilities
(in millions)                                                                                               (in millions)
(1.00)        %                                         $623                                                (1.00)        %                                       $(169)
(0.75)                                                   466                                                (0.75)                                                 (126)
(0.50)                                                   310                                                (0.50)                                                  (84)
(0.25)                                                   155                                                (0.25)                                                  (42)
0.25                                                 (154)                                                  0.25                                                    42
0.50                                                 (307)                                                  0.50                                                    84
0.75                                                 (459)                                                  0.75                                                   126
1.00                                                 (610)                                                  1.00                                                   169
(1) reflects estimated potential changes in medical claims liability caused by changes in completion factors.
(2) reflects estimated potential changes in medical claims liability caused by changes in cost trend factors for the most recent periods.
while we believe our estimates are appropriate, it is possible future events could require us to make significant adjustments for revisions to these estimates. for example, a 1% increase or decrease in our estimated medical claims liability would have affected net earnings by $80 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, excluding the effect of any return of premium, risk corridor, or minimum mlr programs. the estimates are based on our historical experience, terms of existing contracts, our observance of trends in the industry, information provided by our providers and information available from other outside sources.
table of contents the change in medical claims liability is summarized as follows (in millions):
year ended december 31,
2020                                                                                                                                              2019                                                                    2018
balance, january 1,                                         $7,473                                                                  $6,831                                                                  $4,286
less: reinsurance recoverable                                   20                                                                      27                                                                      18
balance, january 1, net                                      7,453                                                                   6,804                                                                   4,268
acquisitions                                                 3,856                                                                      59                                                                   1,204
less: acquired reinsurance recoverable                           -                                                                       -                                                                       8
incurred related to:
current year                                                86,765                                                                  59,539                                                                  46,484
prior years                                                  (501)                                                                   (677)                                                                   (427)
total incurred                                              86,264                                                                  58,862                                                                  46,057
paid related to:
current year                                                78,838                                                                  52,453                                                                  41,161
prior years                                                  6,320                                                                   5,819                                                                   3,556
total paid                                                  85,158                                                                  58,272                                                                  44,717
balance, december 31, net                                   12,415                                                                   7,453                                                                   6,804
plus: reinsurance recoverable                                   23                                                                      20                                                                      27
balance, december 31,                                      $12,438                                                                  $7,473                                                                  $6,831
days in claims payable (1)                                      51                                                                      45                                                                      48
(1) days in claims payable is a calculation of medical claims liability at the end of the period divided by average expense per calendar day for the fourth quarter of each year.
medical claims are usually paid within a few months of the member receiving service from the physician or other healthcare provider. as a result, the liability generally is described as having a "short-tail," which causes less than 5% of our medical claims liability as of the end of any given year to be outstanding the following year. we believe that substantially all the development of the estimate of medical claims liability as of december 31, 2020 will be known by the end of 2021.
changes in estimates of incurred claims for prior years are primarily attributable to reserving under moderately adverse conditions. additionally, as a result of minimum hbr and other return of premium programs, approximately $86 million, $49 million and $25 million of the "incurred related to: prior years" was recorded as a reduction to premium revenues in 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. further, claims processing initiatives yielded increased claim payment recoveries and coordination of benefits related to prior year dates of service. changes in medical utilization and cost trends and the effect of population health management initiatives may also contribute to changes in medical claim liability estimates. while we have evidence that population health management initiatives are effective on a case by case basis, these initiatives primarily focus on events and behaviors prior to the incurrence of the medical event and generation of a claim. accordingly, any change in behavior, leveling of care, or coordination of treatment occurs prior to claim generation and as a result, the costs prior to the population health management initiative are not known by us. additionally, certain population health management initiatives are focused on member and provider education with the intent of influencing behavior to appropriately align the medical services provided with the member's acuity. in these cases, determining whether the population health management initiative changed the behavior cannot be determined. because of the complexity of our business, the number of states in which we operate, and the volume of claims that we process, we are unable to practically quantify the impact of these initiatives on our changes in estimates of ibnr.
the following are examples of population health management initiatives that may have contributed to the favorable development through lower medical utilization and cost trends:
appropriate leveling of care for neonatal intensive care unit hospital admissions, other inpatient hospital admissions, and observation admissions, in accordance with interqual or other criteria.
management of our pre-authorization list and more stringent review of durable medical equipment and injectibles.
emergency department program designed to collaboratively work with hospitals to steer non-emergency care away from the costly emergency department setting (through patient education, on-site alternative urgent care settings, etc.).

increased emphasis on case management and clinical rounding where case managers are nurses or social workers who are employed by the health plan to assist selected patients with the coordination of healthcare services in order to meet a patient's specific healthcare needs.
incorporation of disease management which is a comprehensive, multidisciplinary, collaborative approach to chronic illnesses such as asthma.
prenatal and infant health programs utilized in our start smart for your baby outreach service.
revenue recognition our health plans generate revenues primarily from premiums received from the states in which we operate health plans, premiums received from our members and cms for our medicare product, and premiums from members of our commercial health plans. in addition to member premium payments, our marketplace contracts also generate revenues from subsidies received from cms. we generally receive a fixed premium per member per month pursuant to our contracts and recognize premium revenues during the period in which we are obligated to provide services to our members at the amount reasonably estimable. in some instances, our base premiums are subject to an adjustment, or risk score, based on the acuity of its membership. generally, the risk score is determined by the state or cms analyzing submissions of processed claims data to determine the acuity of our membership relative to the entire state's membership. we estimate the amount of risk adjustment based upon the processed claims data submitted and expected to be submitted to cms and record revenues on a risk adjusted basis. some contracts allow for additional premiums related to certain supplemental services provided such as maternity deliveries.
our contracts with states may require us to maintain a minimum hbr or may require us to share profits in excess of certain levels. in certain circumstances, including commercial plans, our plans may be required to return premium to the state or policyholders in the event profits exceed established levels. we estimate the effect of these programs and recognize reductions in revenue in the current period. other states may require us to meet certain performance and quality metrics in order to receive additional or full contractual revenue. for performance-based contracts, we do not recognize revenue subject to refund until data is sufficient to measure performance.
revenues are recorded based on membership and eligibility data provided by the states or cms, which is adjusted on a monthly basis by the states or cms for retroactive additions or deletions to membership data. these eligibility adjustments are estimated monthly and subsequent adjustments are made in the period known. we continuously review and update those estimates as new information becomes available. it is possible that new information could require us to make additional adjustments, which could be significant, to these estimates.
our medicare advantage contracts are with cms. cms deploys a risk adjustment model which apportions premiums paid to all health plans according to health severity and certain demographic factors. the cms risk adjustment model pays more for members whose medical history would indicate that they are expected to have higher medical costs. under this risk adjustment methodology, cms calculates the risk adjusted premium payment using diagnosis data from hospital inpatient, hospital outpatient, physician treatment settings as well as prescription drug events. we and the healthcare providers collect, compile and submit the necessary and available diagnosis data to cms within prescribed deadlines. we estimate risk adjustment revenues based upon the diagnosis data submitted and expected to be submitted to cms and record revenues on a risk adjusted basis.
for qualifying low income pdp members, cms pays for some, or all, of the member's monthly premium. we receive certain part d prospective subsidy payments from cms for our pdp members as a fixed monthly per member amount, based on the estimated costs of providing prescription drug benefits over the plan year, as reflected in our bids. approximately nine to ten months subsequent to the end of the plan year, or later in the case of the coverage gap discount subsidy, a settlement payment is made between cms and our plans based on the difference between the prospective payments and actual claims experience.
our specialty services generate revenues under contracts with state and federal programs, healthcare organizations and other commercial organizations, as well as from our own subsidiaries. revenues are recognized when the related services are provided or as ratably earned over the covered period of services. for performance-based measures in our contracts, revenue is recognized as data sufficient to measure performance is available. we recognize revenue related to administrative services under the tricare government-sponsored managed care support contract for the dod's tricare program on a straight-line basis over the option period, when the fees become fixed and determinable. the tricare contract includes various performance-based measures. for each of the measures, an estimate of the amount that has been earned is made at each interim date, and revenue is recognized accordingly.
table of contents some states enact premium taxes, similar assessments and provider pass-through payments, collectively premium taxes, and these taxes are recorded as a separate component of both revenues and operating expenses. additionally, our insurance subsidiaries are subject to the affordable care act annual hif. the aca imposed the hif in 2014, 2015, 2016, 2018 and 2020. the hif was suspended in 2017 and 2019. beginning in 2021, the hif was permanently repealed. if we are able to negotiate reimbursement of portions of these premium taxes or the hif, we recognize revenue associated with the hif on a straight-line basis when we have binding agreements for such reimbursements, including the "gross-up" to reflect the hifs non-tax deductible nature. collectively, this revenue is recorded as premium tax and health insurer fee revenue in the consolidated statements of operations. for certain products, premium taxes, state assessments and the hif are not pass-through payments and are recorded as premium revenue and premium tax expense or health insurer fee expense in the consolidated statements of operations.
some states require state directed payments that have minimal risk, but are administered as a premium adjustment. these payments are recorded as premium revenue and medical costs at close to a 100% hbr. we have little visibility to the timing of these payments until they are paid by the state.

