item 1a.risk factors centerpoint energy is a holding company that conducts all of its business operations through subsidiaries, primarily houston electric, cerc, sigeco, indiana gas and vedo. centerpoint energy also owns interests in enable. the following, along with any additional legal proceedings identified or incorporated by reference in item 3 of this combined report on form 10-k, summarizes the principal risk factors associated with the holding company, the businesses conducted by its subsidiaries and its interests in enable. however, additional risks and uncertainties either not presently known or not currently believed by management to be material may also adversely affect centerpoint energy's businesses. for other factors that may cause actual results to differ from those indicated in any forward-looking statement or projection contained in this combined report on form 10-k, see "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - certain factors affecting future earnings" in item 7, which should be read in conjunction with the risk factors contained in this item 1a. carefully consider each of the risks described below, including those relating to houston electric and cerc, which, along with centerpoint energy, are collectively referred to as the registrants. unless the context indicates otherwise, where appropriate, information relating to a specific registrant has been segregated and labeled as such and specific references to houston electric and cerc in this section also pertain to centerpoint energy. in this combined report on form 10-k, the terms "our," "we" and "us" are used as abbreviated references to centerpoint energy, inc. together with its subsidiaries.
risk factors associated with our consolidated financial condition centerpoint energy is a holding company with no operations or operating assets of its own. as a result, centerpoint energy depends on the performance of and distributions from its subsidiaries and from enable to meet its payment obligations and to pay dividends on its common and preferred stock, and provisions of applicable law or contractual restrictions could limit the amount of those distributions.
centerpoint energy derives all of its operating income from, and holds all of its assets through, its subsidiaries, including its interests in enable. as a result, centerpoint energy depends on the performance of and distributions from its subsidiaries and enable to meet its payment obligations and to pay dividends on its common and preferred stock. in general, centerpoint energy's subsidiaries are separate and distinct legal entities and have no obligation to provide it with funds for its payment obligations, whether by dividends, distributions, loans or otherwise. in addition, provisions of applicable law, such as those limiting the legal sources of dividends, limit centerpoint energy's subsidiaries' and enable's ability to make payments or other distributions to centerpoint energy, and its subsidiaries or enable could agree to contractual restrictions on their ability to make payments or other distributions. further, houston electric has agreed to certain "ring-fencing" measures to increase its financial separateness from centerpoint energy. further ring-fencing measures could be imposed on houston electric in the future through legislation or puct rules or orders. while current ring-fencing measures have not impacted houston electric's ability to pay dividends to centerpoint energy, the imposition of any additional ring-fencing measures impacting centerpoint energy's ability to receive dividends from houston electric could materially adversely affect centerpoint energy's cash flows, credit quality, financial condition and results of operations.
centerpoint energy's right to receive any assets of any subsidiary, and therefore the right of its creditors to participate in those assets, will be structurally subordinated to the claims of that subsidiary's creditors, including trade creditors. in addition, even if centerpoint energy were a creditor of any subsidiary, its rights as a creditor would be effectively subordinated to any security interest in the assets of that subsidiary and any indebtedness of the subsidiary senior to that held by centerpoint energy.
if we are unable to arrange future financings on acceptable terms, our ability to finance our capital expenditures or refinance outstanding indebtedness could be limited.
our businesses are capital intensive, and we rely on various sources to finance our capital expenditures. for example, we depend on (i) long-term debt, (ii) borrowings through our revolving credit facilities and, for centerpoint energy and cerc, commercial paper programs, (iii) distributions from centerpoint energy's interests in enable and (iv) if market conditions permit, issuances of additional shares of common or preferred stock by centerpoint energy. we may also use such sources to refinance any outstanding indebtedness as it matures. as of december 31, 2020, centerpoint energy had $13.4 billion of outstanding indebtedness on a consolidated basis, which includes $747 million of non-recourse securitization bonds. for information on outstanding indebtedness of houston electric and cerc as well as maturities through 2025, see note 14 to the consolidated financial statements. our future financing activities may be significantly affected by, among other things:
•general economic and capital market conditions;
•credit availability from financial institutions and other lenders;
•volatility or fluctuations in distributions from enable's units or volatility in enable's unit price;
•investor confidence in us and the markets in which we operate;
•the future performance of our and enable's businesses;
•integration of vectren's businesses into centerpoint energy, including technology systems;
•maintenance of acceptable credit ratings;
•market expectations regarding our future earnings and cash flows;
•our ability to access capital markets on reasonable terms;
•incremental collateral that may be required due to regulation of derivatives; and
•provisions of relevant securities laws.
in addition, our future financing activities may also be impacted by our ability to consummate the proposed sale of our natural gas businesses in arkansas and oklahoma. for further information on the proposed sale, see "- our potential business strategies and strategic initiatives, including merger and acquisition activities and the disposition of assets or businesses, may not be completed or perform as expected, adversely affecting our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows" below. with respect to impacts related to our investment in enable, see note 22 to the consolidated financial statements for further information on the recently announced enable merger.
the registrants' current credit ratings and any changes in credit ratings in 2020 and to date in 2021 are discussed in "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - liquidity and capital resources - other matters - impact on liquidity of a downgrade in credit ratings" in item 7 of part ii of this report. these credit ratings may not remain in effect for any given period of time and one or more of these ratings may be lowered or withdrawn entirely by a rating agency. the registrants note that these credit ratings are not recommendations to buy, sell or hold their securities. each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating. any future reduction or withdrawal of one or more of the registrants' credit ratings could have a material adverse impact on their ability to access capital on acceptable terms.
an impairment of goodwill, long-lived assets, including intangible assets, equity method investments and an impairment or fair value adjustment to centerpoint energy's enable series a preferred unit investment could reduce our earnings.
long-lived assets, including intangible assets with finite useful lives, are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. during the year ended december 31, 2020, centerpoint energy identified and recorded a goodwill impairment charge of $185 million in the indiana electric reporting unit, reducing the carrying value of the reporting unit to its fair value as of march 31, 2020. see note 6 to the consolidated financial statements for further information. for investments centerpoint energy accounts for under the equity method, the impairment test considers whether the fair value of such investment as a whole, not the underlying net assets, has declined and whether that decline is other than temporary. centerpoint energy identified and recorded an impairment during the year ended december 31, 2020 based on the severity of the decline in enable's common unit price during the three months ended march 31, 2020 due to the macroeconomic conditions related in part to the covid-19 pandemic, combined with enable's announcement on april 1, 2020 to reduce its quarterly distributions per common unit by 50%, and the market outlook indicating excess supply of crude oil and natural gas and continued depressed crude oil and natural gas prices impacting the midstream oil and gas industry. for further information regarding centerpoint energy's impairment of its equity investment in enable, please see notes 10 and 11 to the consolidated financial statements. should the annual goodwill impairment test or another periodic impairment test or an observable transaction, including for the series a preferred unit investment, indicate the fair value of our assets is less than the carrying value, we would be required to take a non-cash charge to earnings with a correlative effect on equity and balance sheet leverage as measured by debt to total capitalization. a sustained or severe decline in enable's common unit price could result in centerpoint energy recording impairment charges again in the future. a non-cash impairment charge or fair value adjustment could materially adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition.
if centerpoint energy redeems the zens prior to their maturity in 2029, its ultimate tax liability and redemption payments would result in significant cash payments, which would adversely impact its cash flows. similarly, a significant amount of exchanges of zens by zens holders could adversely impact centerpoint energy's cash flows.
centerpoint energy has approximately $828 million principal amount of zens outstanding as of december 31, 2020. centerpoint energy owns shares of zens-related securities equal to approximately 100% of the reference shares used to calculate its obligation to the holders of the zens. centerpoint energy may redeem all of the zens at any time at a redemption amount per zens equal to the higher of the contingent principal amount per zens ($56 million in the aggregate, or $3.97 per zens, as of december 31, 2020) or the sum of the current market value of the reference shares attributable to one zens at the time of redemption. in the event centerpoint energy redeems the zens, in addition to the redemption amount, it would be required to pay deferred taxes related to the zens. centerpoint energy's ultimate tax liability related to the zens and zens-related securities continues to increase by the amount of the tax benefit realized each year. if the zens had been redeemed on december 31, 2020, deferred taxes of approximately $471 million would have been payable in 2020, based on 2020 tax rates in effect. in addition, if all the shares of zens-related securities had been sold on december 31, 2020 to fund the aggregate redemption amount, capital gains taxes of approximately $159 million would have been payable in 2020. similarly, a significant amount of exchanges of zens by zens holders could adversely impact centerpoint energy's cash flows. this could happen if centerpoint energy's creditworthiness were to drop or the market for the zens were to become illiquid, or for some other reason. while funds for the payment of cash upon exchange of zens could be obtained from the sale of the shares of zens-related securities that centerpoint energy owns or from other sources, zens exchanges result in a cash outflow because tax deferrals related to the zens and zens-related securities shares would typically cease when zens are exchanged and zens-related securities shares are sold.
dividend requirements associated with centerpoint energy's series a preferred stock, series b preferred stock and series c preferred stock subject it to certain risks.
centerpoint energy has issued 800,000 shares of series a preferred stock and 19,550,000 depositary shares, each representing a 1/20th interest in a share of centerpoint energy's series b preferred stock, which is expected to convert into common stock on september 1, 2021. centerpoint energy has also issued 725,000 shares of series c preferred stock of which 625,000 shares remain outstanding. the series c preferred stock are expected to convert to common stock on or around may 7, 2021. any future payments of cash dividends, and the amount of any cash dividends centerpoint energy pays, on its series a preferred stock, series b preferred stock and series c preferred stock will depend on, among other things, its financial condition, capital requirements and results of operations and the ability of our subsidiaries and enable to distribute cash to centerpoint energy, as well as other factors that centerpoint energy's board of directors (or an authorized committee thereof) may consider relevant. any failure to pay scheduled dividends on the series a preferred stock, series b preferred stock and series c preferred stock when due could materially adversely impact our ability to access capital on acceptable terms and would likely have a material adverse impact on the market price of the series a preferred stock, the series b preferred stock, common stock and centerpoint energy's debt securities and would prohibit centerpoint energy, under the terms of the series a preferred stock and series b preferred stock, from paying cash dividends on or repurchasing shares of common stock (subject to limited exceptions) until such time as centerpoint energy has paid all accumulated and unpaid dividends on the series a preferred stock and the series b preferred stock.
further, the terms of the series a preferred stock and the series b preferred stock provide that if dividends on any of the respective shares have not been declared and paid for the equivalent of three or more semi-annual or six or more quarterly dividend periods, whether or not for consecutive dividend periods, the holders of such shares, voting together as a single class with holders of any and all other series of centerpoint energy's capital stock on parity with its series a preferred stock or its series b preferred stock (as to the payment of dividends and amounts payable on liquidation, dissolution or winding up of centerpoint energy's affairs) upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable, will be entitled to vote for the election of a total of two additional members of centerpoint energy's board of directors, subject to certain terms and limitations.
changes in the method of determining libor, or the replacement of libor with an alternative reference rate, may adversely affect the cost of capital related to outstanding debt and other financial instruments and may adversely affect the cash distributions received from the enable series a preferred units.
libor is the basic rate of interest widely used as a global reference for setting interest rates on variable rate loans and other securities. each of the registrants' credit and term loan facilities, including certain facilities or financial instruments entered into by their subsidiaries, use libor as a reference rate. additionally, on and after february 18, 2021, enable is expected to pay distributions on the enable series a preferred units with an annual rate equal to three-month libor plus 8.5%. on july 27, 2017, the financial conduct authority in the united kingdom announced that it would phase out libor as a benchmark by the end of 2021. on november 30, 2020, the financial conduct authority announced its support for the extension of certain tenors of u.s. dollar libor until june 2023, as well as the replacement of libor by the sofr. while this announcement extends the transition period to june 2023, the federal reserve concurrently issued a statement advising banks to stop new u.s. dollar libor issuances by the end of 2021. however, because sofr is a broad u.s. treasury repo financing rate that represents overnight secured funding transactions, it differs fundamentally from libor.. it is unclear whether other new methods of calculating libor will be established such that it continues to exist after 2021. the future of libor at this time remains uncertain and any changes in the methods by which libor is determined or regulatory activity related to libor's phaseout could cause libor to perform differently than in the past or cease to exist. changes in the method of calculating libor, or the replacement of libor with an alternative rate or benchmark, may adversely affect interest rates and result in higher borrowing costs. this could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow and liquidity. each of the registrants' credit facilities provide for a mechanism to replace libor with possible alternative benchmarks upon certain benchmark replacement events. however, we are still currently evaluating the impact of any such potential benchmark replacements or unavailability of libor. in addition, the overall financial markets may be disrupted as a result of the phase-out or replacement of libor. uncertainty as to the nature of such potential phase-out and alternative benchmark rates or disruption in the financial markets could materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
risk factors affecting electric generation, transmission and distribution businesses (centerpoint energy and houston electric)
rate regulation of houston electric's and indiana electric's businesses may delay or deny their ability to earn an expected return and fully recover their costs.
houston electric's rates are regulated by certain municipalities and the puct and indiana electric's rates are regulated by the iurc. their rates are set in comprehensive base rate proceedings (i.e., general rate cases) based on an analysis of their invested capital, their expenses and other factors in a designated test year. each of these rate proceedings is subject to third-party intervention and appeal, and the timing of a general base rate proceeding may be out of houston electric's and indiana electric's control. for houston electric, a general base rate proceeding is required 48 months from the date of the order setting rates in its most recent comprehensive rate proceeding, unless the puct issues an order extending the deadline to file that general base rate proceeding. for indiana electric, a general base rate proceeding is required prior to the expiration of its tdsic plan, which expires on december 31, 2023. houston electric and indiana electric can make no assurance that their respective base rate proceedings will result in favorable adjustments to their rates, in full cost recovery or approval of other requested items, including, among other things, capital structure and roe. moreover, these base rate proceedings have caused in certain instances, and in the future could cause, houston electric and indiana electric to recover their investments below their requested levels (such as in the most recent houston electric general rate case), below the national average for utilities or below recently approved levels for other utilities in their respective jurisdictions.
the rates that houston electric and indiana electric are allowed to charge may not match their costs at any given time, a situation referred to as "regulatory lag." for houston electric and indiana electric, several interim rate adjustment mechanisms have been implemented to reduce the effects of regulatory lag (for example, dcrf, tcos, tdsic, dsma and rcra mechanism), although certain of these mechanisms do not provide for recovery of operations and maintenance expenses. these adjustment mechanisms are subject to the applicable regulatory body's approval and are subject to limitations that may reduce houston electric's and indiana electric's ability to adjust rates. for further information on rate case proceedings and interim rate adjustment mechanisms, see "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - liquidity and capital resources - regulatory matters" in item 7 of part ii of this report. see also "-the february 2021 winter storm event has caused severe disruptions to our customers and our markets in certain of our jurisdictions and could have a material adverse impact to our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity" below for further information.
houston electric and indiana electric can make no assurance that filings for such mechanisms will result in favorable adjustments to rates or in full cost recovery. notwithstanding the application of such rate adjustment mechanisms, the regulatory process by which rates are determined is subject to change as a result of the legislative process or rulemaking, as the case may be, and may not always be available or result in rates that will produce recovery of houston electric's and indiana electric's costs or enable them to earn an expected return. changes to the interim adjustment mechanisms could result in an increase in regulatory lag or otherwise impact houston electric's and indiana electric's ability to recover their costs in a timely manner. additionally, inherent in the regulatory process is some level of risk that jurisdictional regulatory authorities may initiate investigations of the prudence of operating expenses incurred or capital investments made by houston electric or indiana electric and deny the full recovery of their cost of service in rates. to the extent the regulatory process does not allow houston electric and indiana electric to make a full and timely recovery of appropriate costs, their results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be materially adversely affected.
disruptions at power generation facilities owned by third parties or directives issued by regulatory authorities could interrupt houston electric's sales of transmission and distribution services and adversely affect its reputation, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
houston electric transmits and distributes to customers of reps electric power that the reps obtain from power generation facilities owned by third parties. houston electric does not own or operate any power generation facilities. in february 2021, the texas electric system experienced an unprecedented power shortage due to extreme winter weather conditions. the state's power generation fell short of demand, resulting in significant electricity outages across texas, including in houston electric's service territory. see note 22 to the consolidated financial statements for further information on the february 2021 winter storm event. if power generation is disrupted or if power generation capacity is inadequate or if ercot issues directives to tdus (such as houston electric) to implement controlled outages, both of which recently occurred during the february 2021 winter weather event, houston electric's sales of transmission and distribution services may be diminished or interrupted, and its reputation, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be adversely affected. see also "-the february 2021 winter storm event has caused severe disruptions to our customers and our markets in certain of our jurisdictions and could have a material adverse impact to our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity" below for further information.
houston electric's receivables are primarily concentrated in a small number of reps, and any delay or default in such payments could adversely affect houston electric's cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
houston electric's receivables from the distribution of electricity are collected from reps that supply the electricity houston electric distributes to their customers. as of december 31, 2020, houston electric did business with approximately 64 reps. adverse economic conditions, including the impact of covid-19, the february 2021 winter storm event, structural problems in the market served by ercot or financial difficulties of one or more reps could impair the ability of these reps to pay for houston electric's services or could cause them to delay such payments. houston electric depends on these reps to remit payments on a timely basis. applicable regulatory provisions require that customers be shifted to another rep or a provider of last resort if a rep cannot make timely payments. applicable puct regulations significantly limit the extent to which houston electric can apply normal commercial terms or otherwise seek credit protection from firms desiring to provide retail electric service in its service territory, and houston electric thus remains at risk for payments related to services provided prior to the shift to another rep or the provider of last resort. a significant portion of houston electric's billed receivables from reps are from affiliates of nrg and vistra energy corp. houston electric's aggregate billed receivables balance from reps as of december 31, 2020 was $210 million. approximately 31% and 16% of this amount was owed by affiliates of nrg and vistra energy corp., respectively. any delay or default in payment by reps could adversely affect houston electric's cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. if a rep were unable to meet its obligations, it could consider, among various options, restructuring under the bankruptcy laws, in which event such rep might seek to avoid honoring its obligations, and claims might be made by creditors involving payments houston electric had received from such rep.
indiana electric's execution of its generation transition plan, including its irp, and its regulated power supply operations are subject to various risks, including timely recovery of capital investments, increased costs and facility outages or shutdowns.
indiana requires each electric utility to perform and submit an irp every three years, unless extended, to the iurc that uses economic modeling to consider the costs and risks associated with available resource options to provide reliable electric service for the next 20-year period on a periodic basis. indiana electric's 2016 irp modeling projected that the lowest cost and least risk generation portfolio to serve customers over the next 20 years involve retirement of a significant portion of its current generating fleet and replacing that generation capacity with other resources. implementation of indiana electric's irp will likely require recovery of new capital investments, as well as costs of retiring the current generation fleet, including any remaining unrecovered costs of retired assets. in february 2018, as part of its electric generation transition plan, indiana electric received approval from the iurc to construct a 50 mw universal solar array and the plan to retrofit its largest, most efficient coal-fired generation unit (culley unit 3). with respect to its 2019/2020 irp submitted to the iurc in june 2020, indiana electric identified a preferred generation resource that includes the replacement of 730 mw of coal-fired generation facilities with a significant portion composed of renewables, including solar and wind, supported by dispatchable natural gas combustion turbines, including a pipeline to serve such natural gas generation, as well as storage. while the iurc does not approve or reject the irp, the process involves the issuance of a staff report that provides comments on the irp. depending on comments received on the irp, the filing of any future requests for generating facilities could be delayed. further, certain legislative activities such as a prohibition on the construction of new generation assets in excess of a set mw capacity, similar to moratorium legislation introduced in 2019 and ultimately defeated, or other legislation restricting or delaying new generation could negatively affect indiana electric's ability to construct new generation facilities and execution of its capital plan. even if a generation project is approved, risks associated with the construction of any new generation exist, including the ability to procure resources needed to build at a reasonable cost, scarcity of resources and labor, ability to appropriately estimate costs of new generation, the effects of potential construction delays and cost overruns and the ability to meet capacity requirements. further, there is no guarantee that the iurc will approve the requests included in any of indiana electric's future filed petitions relating to its irp. for further information on the irp, see "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - liquidity and capital resources - regulatory matters" in item 7 of part ii of this report.
additionally, indiana electric's generating facilities are subject to operational risks that could result in unscheduled plant outages, unanticipated operation and maintenance expenses, increased purchase power costs and inadvertent releases of coal ash and/or other contaminants with a significant environmental impact. these operational risks can arise from circumstances such as facility shutdowns or malfunctions due to equipment failure or operator error; interruption of fuel supply or increased prices of fuel as contracts expire; disruptions in the delivery of electricity; inability to comply with regulatory or permit requirements; labor disputes; or natural disasters, all of which could adversely affect indiana electric's business. further, indiana electric currently relies on coal for substantially all of its generation capacity. currently, its coal supply is purchased largely from a single, unrelated party and, although the coal supply is under long-term contract, the loss of this supplier or transportation interruptions could adversely affect indiana electric's results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
houston electric and indiana electric, as a member of ercot and miso, respectively, could be subject to higher costs for system improvements, as well as fines or other sanctions as a result of ferc mandatory reliability standards.
houston electric and indiana electric are members of ercot and miso, respectively, which serve the electric transmission needs of their applicable regions. as a result of their respective participation in ercot and miso, houston electric and indiana electric do not have operational control over their transmission facilities and are subject to certain costs for improvements to these regional electric transmission systems. in addition, the ferc has jurisdiction with respect to ensuring the reliability of electric transmission service, including transmission facilities owned by houston electric and other utilities within ercot and indiana electric and other utilities within miso, respectively. the ferc has designated the nerc as the ero to promulgate standards, under ferc oversight, for all owners, operators and users of the bulk power system. the ferc has approved the delegation by the nerc of authority for reliability in ercot to the texas re, a texas non-profit corporation and for reliability in the portion of miso that includes indiana electric to reliabilityfirst corporation, a delaware non-profit corporation. compliance with mandatory reliability standards may subject houston electric and indiana electric to higher operating costs and may result in increased capital expenditures, which may not be fully recoverable in rates. in addition, if houston electric or indiana electric were to be found to be in noncompliance with applicable mandatory reliability standards, they could be subject to sanctions, including substantial monetary penalties.
in connection with the february 2021 winter storm event, there have been calls for reform of the texas electric market, which, if implemented, could have material adverse impacts on houston electric.
various governmental and regulatory agencies and other entities have called for or are conducting inquiries and investigations into the february 2021 winter storm event and the efforts made by various entities to prepare for, and respond to, this event, including the electricity generation shortfall issues. agencies and entities that may conduct or are conducting such inquiries, investigations and other reviews include the united states congress, ferc, nerc, texas re, ercot, texas government entities and officials such as the texas governor's office, the texas legislature, the texas attorney general, the puct, the city of houston and other municipal and county entities in houston electric's service area, among other entities. in addition to questions around preparation and response, some federal and other officials, as well as members of the public and media, have called for reviews and reforms of the texas electric market, including whether it should continue to be governed by ercot or instead be subject to ferc jurisdiction and regulation by joining an iso such as miso, as well as the division of the market between power generators, tdus (such as houston electric) and reps. there are significant uncertainties around these discussions and whether any market structure or governance changes will result therefrom, but if any such reviews and reform efforts ultimately result in changes to how the texas electric market is structured or regulated, such changes could have a material adverse impact on houston electric's business, results of operations and financial condition. see "-the february 2021 winter storm event has caused severe disruptions to our customers and our markets in certain of our jurisdictions and could have a material adverse impact to our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity" below and note 22 to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
risk factors affecting natural gas' business (centerpoint energy and cerc)
rate regulation of natural gas may delay or deny its ability to earn an expected return and fully recover its costs.
natural gas' rates are regulated by certain municipalities (in texas only) and state commissions based on an analysis of natural gas' invested capital, expenses and other factors in a test year (often either fully or partially historic) in comprehensive base rate proceedings, subject to periodic review and adjustment. each of these proceedings is subject to third-party intervention and appeal, and the timing of a general base rate proceeding may be out of natural gas' control. natural gas has pending, or anticipates the filing of, rate cases in indiana and minnesota during 2021. natural gas can make no assurance that these respective base rate proceedings will result in favorable adjustments to its rates, full cost recovery or approval of other requested items, including, among other things, capital structure and roe. moreover, these base rate proceedings could cause natural gas to recover its investments at rates below its requested level, below the national average for utilities or below recently approved levels for other utilities in those jurisdictions.
the rates that natural gas is allowed to charge may not match its costs at any given time, resulting in what is referred to as "regulatory lag." though several interim rate adjustment mechanisms have been approved by jurisdictional regulatory authorities and implemented by natural gas to reduce the effects of regulatory lag (for example, grip, frp, csia and drr), such adjustment mechanisms are subject to the applicable regulatory body's approval, which we cannot assure would be approved, and are subject to certain limitations that may reduce or otherwise impede natural gas' ability to adjust its rates or result in rates below those requested by natural gas.
natural gas can make no assurance that filings for such mechanisms will result in favorable adjustments to rates. notwithstanding the application of the rate mechanisms discussed above, the regulatory process by which rates are determined is subject to change as a result of the legislative process or rulemaking, as the case may be, and may not always be available or result in rates that will produce recovery of natural gas' costs or enable natural gas to earn an expected return. changes to the interim adjustment mechanisms could result in an increase in regulatory lag or otherwise impact natural gas' ability to recover its costs in a timely manner. additionally, inherent in the regulatory process is some level of risk that jurisdictional regulatory authorities may initiate investigations of the prudence of operating expenses incurred or capital investments made by natural gas and deny the full recovery of natural gas' cost of service or the full recovery of incurred natural gas costs in rates. to the extent the regulatory process does not allow natural gas to make a full and timely recovery of appropriate costs, its results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be adversely affected. for further information on rate case proceedings and interim rate adjustment mechanisms, see "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - liquidity and capital resources - regulatory matters" in item 7 of part ii of this report.
unlike cerc, indiana gas, sigeco's natural gas distribution business and vedo must seek approval by the iurc and puco, as applicable, for long-term financing authority. this authority allows these utilities the flexibility to enter into various financing arrangements. in the event that the iurc or puco do not approve these utilities' respective financing authorities, they may not be able to fully execute their financing plans and their respective financial conditions, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected.
access to natural gas supplies and pipeline transmission and storage capacity are essential components of reliable service for natural gas' customers.
natural gas depends on third-party service providers to maintain an adequate supply of natural gas and for available storage and intrastate and interstate pipeline capacity to satisfy its customers' needs, all of which are critical to system reliability. substantially all of natural gas' natural gas supply is purchased from intrastate and interstate pipelines. if natural gas is unable to secure an independent natural gas supply of its own or through its affiliates or if third-party service providers fail to timely deliver natural gas to meet natural gas' requirements, the resulting decrease in natural gas supply in natural gas' service territories could have a material adverse effect on its results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. additionally, a significant disruption, whether through reduced intrastate and interstate pipeline transmission or storage capacity or other events affecting natural gas supply, including, but not limited to, operational failures, hurricanes, tornadoes, floods, severe winter weather conditions, acts of terrorism or cyberattacks or changes in legislative or regulatory requirements, could also adversely affect natural gas' businesses. further, to the extent that natural gas' natural gas requirements cannot be met through access to or continued use of existing natural gas infrastructure or if additional infrastructure, including onshore and offshore exploration and production facilities, gathering and processing systems and pipeline and storage capacity is not constructed at a rate that satisfies demand, then natural gas' operations could be negatively affected. for additional risks related to the february 2021 winter storm event, see "-the february 2021 winter storm event has caused severe disruptions to our customers and our markets in certain of our jurisdictions and could have a material adverse impact to our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity" below and note 22 to the consolidated condensed financial statements for further information.
natural gas is subject to fluctuations in notional natural gas prices, which could affect the ability of its suppliers and customers to meet their obligations or otherwise adversely affect cerc's liquidity, results of operations and financial condition.
natural gas is subject to risk associated with changes in the notional price of natural gas. increases in natural gas prices might affect natural gas' ability to collect balances due from customers and could create the potential for uncollectible accounts expense to exceed the recoverable levels built into tariff rates. in addition, a sustained period of high natural gas prices could (i) decrease demand for natural gas in the areas in which natural gas operates, thereby resulting in decreased sales and revenues and (ii) increase the risk that natural gas' suppliers or customers fail or are unable to meet their obligations. an increase in natural gas prices would also increase working capital requirements by increasing the investment that must be made to maintain natural gas inventory levels. for additional risks related to the february 2021 winter storm event, see "-the february 2021 winter storm event has caused severe disruptions to our customers and our markets in certain of our jurisdictions and could have a material adverse impact to our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity" below and note 22 to the consolidated condensed financial statements for further information.
a decline in cerc's credit rating could result in cerc having to provide collateral under its shipping arrangements or to purchase natural gas, which consequently would increase its cash requirements and adversely affect its financial condition.
if cerc's credit rating were to decline, it might be required to post cash collateral under its shipping arrangements or to purchase natural gas. if a credit rating downgrade and the resultant cash collateral requirement were to occur at a time when cerc was experiencing significant working capital requirements or otherwise lacked liquidity, cerc's results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be adversely affected. for additional risks related to the february 2021 winter storm event, see "-the february 2021 winter storm event has caused severe disruptions to our customers and our markets in certain of our jurisdictions and could have a material adverse impact to our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity" below and note 22 to the consolidated condensed financial statements for further information.
natural gas must compete with alternate energy sources, which could result in less natural gas delivered and have an adverse impact on cerc's results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
natural gas competes primarily with alternate energy sources such as electricity and other fuel sources. in some areas, intrastate pipelines, other natural gas distributors and marketers also compete directly with natural gas for natural gas sales to end users. in addition, as a result of federal regulatory changes affecting interstate pipelines, natural gas marketers operating on these pipelines may be able to bypass natural gas' facilities and market, sell and/or transport natural gas directly to commercial and industrial customers. any reduction in the amount of natural gas delivered by natural gas as a result of competition with alternate energy sources may have an adverse impact on cerc's results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
risk factors affecting esg's business (centerpoint energy)
esg's operations could be adversely affected by a number of factors.
esg's business results are dependent on a number of factors. the industry in which esg operates is competitive and many of the contracts are subject to a bidding process. should esg be unsuccessful in bidding contracts (for example, federal indefinite delivery/indefinite quantity contracts), results of operations could be impacted. through competitive bidding, the volume of contracted work could vary significantly from year to year. further, to the extent there are unanticipated cost increases in completion of the contracted work or issues arise where amounts due for work performed may not be collected, the profit margin realized on any single project could be reduced. changes in legislation and regulations impacting the sectors in which the customers served by esg operate could adversely impact operating results. additionally, esg's business is subject to other risks including, but not limited to, the following: the discontinuation of the federal espc and uesc programs; the inability of customers to finance projects; failure to appropriately design, construct or operate projects; and cancellation of projects by customers or reductions in the scope of the projects.
esg's business has performance and warranty obligations, some of which are guaranteed by centerpoint energy.
in the normal course of business, esg issues performance bonds and other forms of assurance that commit it to operate facilities, pay vendors or subcontractors and support warranty obligations. as the parent company, centerpoint energy has, and will, from time to time guarantee its subsidiaries' commitments. these guarantees do not represent incremental consolidated obligations; rather, they represent parental guarantees of subsidiary obligations to allow the subsidiary the flexibility to conduct business without posting other forms of collateral. neither centerpoint energy nor vectren has been called upon to satisfy any obligations pursuant to these parental guarantees.
risk factors affecting our businesses we are subject to operational and financial risks and liabilities arising from environmental laws and regulations, including regulation of ccr and climate change legislation as well as other risks related to the implementation of our carbon emissions reduction targets. we could also experience reduced demand for our services, including certain local initiatives to prohibit new natural gas service and increase electrification initiatives in jurisdictions served by natural gas.
our operations are subject to stringent and complex laws and regulations pertaining to the environment. as an owner or operator of natural gas pipelines, distribution systems and storage, steam electric generating facilities and electric transmission and distribution systems, and the facilities that support these systems, we must comply with these laws and regulations at the federal, state and local levels. these laws and regulations can restrict or impact our business activities in many ways, including among others, restricting the use of fossil fuels through future climate legislation or regulation, limiting airborne emissions from generating facilities, restricting the way we manage wastes, including wastewater discharges and air emissions and requiring remedial action or monitoring to mitigate environmental actions caused by our operations or attributable to former operations. we may need to spend substantial amounts and devote other resources from time to time to comply with these requirements. failure to comply with these laws and regulations may trigger a variety of administrative, civil and criminal enforcement measures, including the assessment of monetary penalties, revocation of permits, the imposition of remedial actions, and the issuance of orders enjoining future operations. certain environmental statutes impose strict joint and several liability for costs required to clean, restore and monitor sites where hazardous substances have been stored, disposed or released. moreover, it is not uncommon for neighboring landowners and other third parties to file claims for personal injury and property damage allegedly caused by the release of hazardous substances or other waste products into the environment.
in april 2015, the epa finalized its ccr rule, which regulates ash as non-hazardous material under the rcra. the final rule allows beneficial reuse of ash, and the majority of the ash generated by indiana electric's generating plants will continue to be beneficially reused. in july 2018, the epa released its final ccr rule phase i reconsideration which extended the deadline to october 31, 2020 for ceasing placement of ash in ponds that exceed groundwater protections standards or that fail to meet location restrictions. in august 2019, the epa proposed additional "part a" amendments to its ccr rule with respect to beneficial reuse of ash and other materials. further "part b" amendments, which related to alternate liners for ccr surface impoundments and the surface impoundment closure process, were published in march 2020. the part a amendments were finalized in august 2020, and the part b amendments were finalized in november 2020 and extended the deadline to cease placement of ash in ponds to april 11, 2021. the epa published an advanced notice of proposed rulemaking on legacy ccr surface impoundments in october 2020, and in december 2020 provided new data and requested public comment as part of the agency's reconsideration of its definition of beneficial reuse. the part a amendments do not restrict indiana electric's current beneficial reuse of its fly ash. centerpoint energy continues to evaluate the part b amendments to determine potential impacts. the potential effects of future amendments to the ccr rule are uncertain at this time.
regulatory agencies have also adopted, and from time to time consider adopting, new legislation and/or modifying existing laws and regulations to reduce ghgs. there continues to be a wide-ranging policy and regulatory debate, both nationally and internationally, regarding the potential impact of ghgs and possible means for their regulation. the epa has expanded its existing ghg emissions reporting requirements, which could also lead to further regulation of ghgs by the epa. the recent trend in environmental regulation has been to place more restrictions and limitations on activities that may impact the environment, which is expected to continue under the biden administration. for example, president biden has recommitted the united states to the paris agreement. shortly after taking office in january 2021, president biden also issued a series of executive orders designed to address climate change, as well as an executive order requiring agencies to review environmental actions taken by the trump administration. the biden administration has also issued a memorandum to departments and agencies to refrain from proposing or issuing rules until a departmental or agency head appointed or designated by the biden administration has reviewed and approved the rule. reentry into the paris agreement and president biden's executive orders may result in the development of additional regulations or changes to existing regulations. potential future restrictions include, among other things, the united states enacting additional ghg regulations and mandated financial, emissions and other disclosures. the terms on which the united states will be re-entering the paris agreement are unclear at this time. as a distributor and transporter of natural gas, natural gas' revenues, operating costs and capital requirements could be adversely affected as a result of any regulatory action that would require installation of new control technologies or a modification of its operations or that would have the effect of reducing the consumption of natural gas. thus, there can be no assurance as to the amount or timing of future expenditures for environmental compliance or remediation, and actual future expenditures may be greater than the amounts we currently anticipate. additionally, houston electric's and indiana electric's transmission and distribution businesses' revenues could be adversely affected to the extent any resulting regulatory action has the effect of reducing consumption of electricity by ultimate consumers within its service territory. likewise, incentives to conserve energy or use energy sources other than natural gas could result in a decrease in demand for our services. for further discussion, see "business-environmental matters" in item 1 and "- risk factors affecting natural gas' business -natural gas must compete with alternate energy sources, which could result in less natural gas delivered and have an adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows."
furthermore, in march 2020, we established a goal to reduce carbon emissions directly attributable to our operations 70% from 2005 levels by 2035, and we announced a broad corporate initiative to achieve a net reduction of carbon emissions attributed to customer usage 20-30% from 2005 levels by 2040. our ability to achieve these carbon emission reduction goals depends on various external factors, including supportive energy policies, alternative fuels programs, research and development efforts focused on low-carbon technologies such as carbon capture, customer participation in conservation and energy-efficiency programs and low natural gas prices. we expect to increase our renewable energy resources portfolio as part of our irp process and to continue optimizing technology advancements to modernize our systems. any negative opinions with respect to these goals or our environmental practices, including any inability to achieve, or a scaling back of, these goals developed by regulators, customers, investors or legislators could harm our reputation.
evolving investor sentiment related to the use of fossil fuels and initiatives to restrict continued production of fossil fuels may have substantial impacts on centerpoint energy's electric generation and natural gas businesses. for example, because indiana electric's current generating facilities substantially rely on coal for their operations, certain financial institutions choose not to participate in centerpoint energy's financing arrangements. also, certain cities in centerpoint energy's natural gas operational footprint have adopted initiatives to prohibit the construction of new natural gas facilities that would provide service and focus on electrification. for example, minneapolis has adopted carbon emission reduction goals in an effort to decrease reliance on fossil gas. also, minnesota cities may consider seeking legislative authority for the ability to enact voluntary enhanced energy standards for all development projects. any such initiatives and legislation could adversely affect centerpoint energy's results of operations.
the february 2021 winter storm event has caused severe disruptions to our customers and our markets in certain of our jurisdictions and could have a material adverse impact to our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity.
in february 2021, certain of our jurisdictions experienced an extreme and unprecedented winter weather event that resulted in prolonged freezing temperatures, which impacted, and may continue to impact, our businesses.
in texas, the february 2021 winter storm event caused many electric generation facilities to shut-down, resulting in electricity generation shortages and high electric prices in the wholesale generation market. the electricity generation shortages necessitated ercot to direct tdus, including houston electric, to implement controlled outages in their respective service areas. in compliance with ercot's directives and emergency procedures, houston electric implemented controlled electricity outages across its service territory, resulting in a substantial number of its customers (on certain days over a million residents) being without power, many for extended periods of time. ercot has stated that the electric outages were necessary to avoid prolonged large-scale, state-wide blackouts and long-term damage to the electric system in texas. as a result, houston electric's sales of transmission and distribution services were diminished or interrupted for several days. additionally, the electricity generation shortage resulted in wholesale electricity prices increasing to their maximum allowed limit. many reps may face financial difficulties due to their inability to recover these high prices from their customers, and any such financial difficulties may impair the ability of these reps to pay for houston electric's services or could cause them to delay such payments. for further information on the concentration of houston electric's receivables with reps, see "- houston electric's receivables are primarily concentrated in a small number of reps, and any delay or default in such payments could adversely affect houston electric's cash flows, financial condition and results of operations."
during and in the immediate aftermath of the february 2021 winter storm event, there has been focus on the lack of sufficient winterization protection for power generation facilities. on february 18, 2021, the governor of texas requested that the texas legislature mandate the winterization of the texas power system, which could include tdus. if any such protections are required in the future, the cost of such protections may increase the cost of electricity and reduce consumption of electricity by ultimate consumers in houston electric's service territory, which could adversely affect houston electric's results of operations. any potential decreases in customer usage due to higher electricity prices charged by reps may not result in increased base rates charged by houston electric for its services until its next general base rate proceeding. for further information on houston electric's regulatory proceedings, see "- rate regulation of houston electric's and indiana electric's businesses may delay or deny their ability to earn an expected return and fully recover their costs."
furthermore, the february 2021 winter storm event also impacted the wholesale prices centerpoint energy and cerc paid for natural gas and their ability to service customers in their natural gas service territories, including due to the reduction in available natural gas capacity and impacts to centerpoint energy's and cerc's natural gas supply portfolio activities, and the effects of weather on their systems and their ability to transport natural gas, among other things. centerpoint energy and cerc experienced significant impacts as the february 2021 winter storm event impacted the overall natural gas market, including resulting in increases in the costs of natural gas supply. in particular, the february 2021 winter storm event also caused severe disruptions in the markets from which centerpoint energy and cerc sourced a significant portion of their natural gas for their utility operations, resulting in extraordinary increases in the price of natural gas to centerpoint energy and cerc. from february 12, 2021 to february 22, 2021, management estimates centerpoint energy spent approximately an incremental $2.5 billion more on natural gas supplies compared to plan (inclusive of an incremental $2.3 billion more spent by cerc on natural gas supplies compared to plan). these amounts are preliminary estimates through february 23, 2021 and are subject to final settlement. these purchases are generally payable at the end of march 2021. as of february 22, 2021, centerpoint energy had approximately $2.1 billion in total liquidity. while centerpoint energy and cerc will seek to recover these increased gas purchase costs from customers (although neither full recovery nor the timing of that recovery is certain), in the interim, centerpoint energy and cerc will seek additional external financing to pay for such natural gas working capital, which may consist of short and long-term debt, but such external financing may not be available on favorable terms or at all. on february 24, 2021, cerc received financing commitments totaling $1.7 billion for a 364-day term loan facility to bridge potential working capital needs. any additional external debt financing and/or partial or delayed recovery of these natural gas costs may negatively impact centerpoint energy's or cerc's credit metrics, and could lead to a downgrade of centerpoint energy's or cerc's credit rating. the inability of centerpoint energy or cerc to recover all or a portion of the increased costs of natural gas, or any associated delay in recovery, in addition to the increased external financing required to pay for such natural gas could have a material adverse impact on centerpoint energy's or cerc's, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity.
in addition to the risks discussed in this risk factor, for further information on risks related to:
•the arranging of future financings on acceptable terms, see "- if we are unable to arrange future financings on acceptable terms, our ability to finance our capital expenditures or refinance outstanding indebtedness could be limited";
•the ability to seek recovery of the additional costs natural gas, see "- rate regulation of natural gas may delay or deny its ability to earn an expected return and fully recover its costs";
•access to natural gas supplies, see "- access to natural gas supplies and pipeline transmission and storage capacity are essential components of reliable service for natural gas's customers";
•various regulatory, investigations, litigation or other proceedings, see "- in connection with the february 2021 winter storm event, there have been calls for reform of the texas electric market, which, if implemented, could have material adverse impacts on houston electric";
•the fluctuations in notional natural gas prices, see "- natural gas is subject to fluctuations in notional natural gas prices, which could affect the ability of its suppliers and customers to meet their obligations or otherwise adversely affect cerc's liquidity, results of operations and financial condition";
•the impact of a decline in cerc's credit rating, see "- a decline in cerc's credit rating could result in cerc having to provide collateral under its shipping arrangements or to purchase natural gas, which consequently would increase its cash requirements and adversely affect its financial condition"; and
•potential reforms of the texas electric market, see "- in connection with the february 2021 winter storm event, there have been calls for reform of the texas electric market, which, if implemented, could have material adverse impacts on houston electric's business."
centerpoint energy may be unable to effectively complete the integration of the businesses acquired in the merger, including the integration of technology systems, for which significant time and resources have been allocated thereto.
centerpoint energy continues to integrate certain aspects of centerpoint energy's and vectren's businesses. the integration of technology systems and processes that centerpoint energy uses to plan and report financial information, manage work, monitor systems, respond to outages and perform other critical functions has been, and continues to be, a complex, costly and time consuming process, which is expected to be completed in 2021. centerpoint energy may experience delays, cost-overruns or other issues affecting the successful completion of the integration of these technology systems and other related processes. the failure to timely, efficiently and cost-effectively complete the integration could adversely affect centerpoint energy's results of operations and cash flows.
in connection with the integration of such technology systems and processes, centerpoint energy must also successfully design and operate its systems of internal controls to continue to accurately provide reliable financial reports, including reporting of its financial condition, results of operations or cash flows, effectively prevent fraud and operate successfully as a public company. if centerpoint energy's efforts to maintain an effective system of internal controls throughout the integration of its technology systems are not successful, it is unable to maintain adequate controls over its financial reporting and processes in the future or it is unable to comply with its obligations under section 404 of the sarbanes-oxley act of 2002, centerpoint energy could be harmed or it may fail to meet its reporting obligations. ineffective internal controls also could cause investors to lose confidence in centerpoint energy's reported financial information, which would likely have a negative effect on, among other things, the trading prices of its securities.
our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows may be adversely affected if we are unable to successfully operate our facilities or perform certain corporate functions.
our performance depends on the successful operation of our facilities. operating these facilities involves many risks inherent in the generation, transmission and distribution of electricity and in the delivery of natural gas that could result in substantial losses or other damages. these risks include, but are not limited to, the following:
•operator error or failure of equipment or processes, including failure to follow appropriate safety protocols;
•the handling of hazardous equipment or materials that could result in serious personal injury, loss of life and environmental and property damage;
•operating limitations that may be imposed by environmental or other regulatory requirements;
•labor disputes;
•information technology or financial and billing system failures, including those due to the implementation and integration of new technology, that impair our information technology infrastructure, reporting systems or disrupt normal business operations;
•information technology failure that affects our ability to access customer information or causes us to lose confidential or proprietary data that materially and adversely affects our reputation or exposes us to legal claims; and
•catastrophic events such as fires, earthquakes, explosions, leaks, floods, droughts, hurricanes, ice storms, flooding, terrorism, wildfires, pandemic health events or other similar occurrences, including any environmental impacts related thereto, which catastrophic events may require participation in mutual assistance efforts by us or other utilities to assist in power restoration efforts.
such events may result in a decrease or elimination of revenue from our facilities, an increase in the cost of operating our facilities or delays in cash collections, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and/or cash flows.
our revenues and results of operations are seasonal.
a significant portion of houston electric's revenues is derived from rates that it collects from each rep based on the amount of electricity it delivers on behalf of such rep. similarly, indiana electric's revenues are derived from rates it charges its customers to provide electricity. natural gas' revenues are primarily derived from natural gas sales. consequently, houston electric's, indiana electric's and natural gas' revenues and results of operations are subject to seasonality, weather conditions and other changes in electricity and natural gas usage, as applicable. houston electric's revenues are generally higher during the warmer months. as in certain past years, unusually mild weather in the warmer months could diminish houston electric's results of operations and harm its financial condition. conversely, as in certain past years, extreme warm weather conditions could increase houston electric's results of operations in a manner that would not likely be annually recurring. a significant portion of indiana electric's sales are for space heating and cooling. consequently, as in certain past years, indiana electric's results of operations may be adversely affected by warmer-than-normal heating season weather or colder-than-normal cooling season weather, while more extreme seasonal weather conditions could increase indiana electric's results of operations in a manner that would not likely be annually recurring. natural gas' revenues are customarily higher during the winter months. as in certain past years, unusually mild weather in the winter months could diminish natural gas' results of operations and harm its financial condition. conversely, as occurred in certain past years, extreme cold weather conditions could increase its results of operations in a manner that would not likely be annually recurring. for information related to our weather hedges, see note 9(a) to the consolidated financial statements. for additional risks related to the february 2021 winter storm event, see "-the february 2021 winter storm event has caused severe disruptions to our customers and our markets in certain of our jurisdictions and could have a material adverse impact to our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity" below and note 22 to the consolidated condensed financial statements for further information.
climate changes could adversely impact financial results from our businesses and result in more frequent and more severe weather events that could adversely affect our results of operations.
a changing climate creates uncertainty and could result in broad changes, both physical and financial in nature, to our service territories. if climate changes occur that result in warmer temperatures in our service territories, financial results from our businesses could be adversely impacted. for example, natural gas could be adversely affected through lower natural gas usage. another possible result of climate change is more frequent and more severe weather events, such as hurricanes, tornadoes or severe winter weather conditions, including ice storms. since certain of our facilities are located along or near the gulf coast, increased or more severe hurricanes or tornadoes could increase our costs to repair damaged facilities and restore service to our customers. for example, in 2020, eight named storms occurred along the gulf coast. of these eight storms, we experienced four named hurricanes in our service territories, which impacted our natural gas facilities. our electric and natural gas operations in our services territories were impacted due to the february 2021 winter storm event. for further information on the february 2021 winter storm event, see note 22 to the consolidated financial statements and "-the february 2021 winter storm event has caused severe disruptions to our customers and our markets in certain of our jurisdictions and could have a material adverse impact to our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity" above. when we cannot deliver electricity or natural gas to customers or our customers cannot receive our services, our financial results can be impacted by lost revenues, and we generally must seek approval from regulators to recover restoration costs. to the extent we are unable to recover those costs, or if higher rates resulting from our recovery of such costs result in reduced demand for our services, our future financial results may be adversely impacted. any such decreased energy use may also require us to retire current infrastructure that is no longer needed. further, we may be subject to climate change lawsuits, which could result in substantial penalties or damages.
aging infrastructure may lead to increased costs and disruptions in operations that could negatively impact our financial results.
we have risks associated with aging infrastructure assets, including the failure of equipment or processes and potential breakdowns due to such aging. the age of certain of our assets may result in a need for replacement or higher level of maintenance costs because of our risk based federal and state compliant integrity management programs.  failure to achieve timely and full recovery of these expenses could adversely impact revenues and could result in increased capital expenditures or expenses. in addition, the nature of information available on aging infrastructure assets may make inspections, maintenance, upgrading and replacement of the assets particularly challenging. further, with respect to natural gas' operations, if certain pipeline replacements (for example, cast-iron or bare steel pipe) are not completed timely or successfully, government agencies and private parties might allege the uncompleted replacements caused events such as fires, explosions or leaks. although we maintain insurance for certain of our facilities, our insurance coverage may not be sufficient in the event that a catastrophic loss is alleged to have been caused by a failure to timely complete equipment replacements. insufficient insurance coverage and increased insurance costs could adversely impact our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
our businesses will continue to have to adapt to technological change and may not be successful or may have to incur significant expenditures to adapt to technological change.
we operate businesses that require sophisticated data collection, processing systems, software and other technology. some of the technologies supporting the industries we serve are changing rapidly and increasing in complexity. new technologies will emerge or grow that may be superior to, or may not be compatible with, some of our existing technologies, and may require us to make significant investments and expenditures so that we can continue to provide cost-effective and reliable methods for energy production and delivery. among such technological advances are distributed generation resources (e.g., private solar, microturbines, fuel cells), energy storage devices and more energy-efficient buildings and products designed to reduce energy consumption and waste. as these technologies become a more cost-competitive option over time, whether through cost effectiveness or government incentives and subsidies, certain customers may choose to meet their own energy needs and subsequently decrease usage of our systems and services, including indiana electric's generating facilities becoming less competitive and economical. further, certain regulatory and legislative bodies have introduced or are considering requirements and/or incentives to reduce energy consumption by certain dates. additionally, technological advances driven by federal laws mandating new levels of energy efficiency in end-use electric and natural gas devices or other improvements in or applications of technology could lead to declines in per capita energy consumption.
our future success will depend, in part, on our ability to anticipate and adapt to these technological changes in a cost-effective manner, to offer, on a timely basis, reliable services that meet customer demands and evolving industry standards, and to recover all, or a significant portion of, any unrecovered investment in obsolete assets. if we fail to adapt successfully to any technological change or obsolescence, fail to obtain access to important technologies or incur significant expenditures in adapting to technological change, or if implemented technology does not operate as anticipated, our businesses, operating results, financial condition and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.
our potential business strategies and strategic initiatives, including merger and acquisition activities and the disposition of assets or businesses, may not be completed or perform as expected, adversely affecting our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows depend, in part, on our management's ability to implement our business strategies successfully and realize the anticipated benefits therefrom. in may 2020, our board of directors established a business review and evaluation committee, which was designed to assist the board of directors in evaluating and optimizing our businesses, assets and ownership interests. in october 2020, the business review and evaluation committee of the board of directors completed its review and made final recommendations to the full board of directors. our business strategy incorporated the business review and evaluation committee's recommendations to further increase our planned capital expenditures in our electric and natural gas businesses to support rate base growth and sell certain of our natural gas businesses located in arkansas and oklahoma as a means to efficiently finance a portion of such increased capital expenditures, among other recommendations. from time to time we have made, and may continue to make, acquisitions or divestitures of businesses and assets, including our proposed sale of our natural gas businesses in arkansas and oklahoma and the enable merger, form joint ventures or undertake restructurings. however, suitable acquisition candidates or potential buyers may not continue to be available on terms and conditions we find acceptable, or the expected benefits of completed acquisitions may not be realized fully or at all, or may not be realized in the anticipated timeframe. in particular, if proceeds from our proposed sale are less than what we anticipate or if those sales or the enable merger are not completed for any reason, we may be required to seek alternative methods to finance our proposed capital expenditure program or cut back on such capital expenditure program.
for additional risks related to the enable merger, see the risks listed under the "risk factors affecting centerpoint energy's interests in enable midstream partners, lp" and note 22 to the consolidated financial statements for further information on the enable merger. if we are unable to make acquisitions, or if those acquisitions do not perform as anticipated, our future growth may be adversely affected. further, any completed or future acquisitions involve substantial risks, including the following:
•acquired businesses or assets may not produce revenues, earnings or cash flow at anticipated levels;
•acquired businesses or assets could have environmental, permitting or other problems for which contractual protections prove inadequate;
•we may assume liabilities that were not disclosed to us, that exceed our estimates, or for which our rights to indemnification from the seller are limited;
•we may be unable to integrate acquired businesses successfully and realize anticipated economic, operational and other benefits in a timely manner, which could result in substantial costs and delays or other operational, technical or financial problems; and
•acquisitions, or the pursuit of acquisitions, could disrupt our ongoing businesses, distract management, divert resources and make it difficult to maintain current business standards, controls and procedures.
we are exposed to risks related to reduction in energy consumption due to factors such as unfavorable economic conditions in our service territories and changes in customers' perceptions from incidents of other utilities involving natural gas pipelines.
our businesses are affected by reduction in energy consumption due to factors including economic climate and market conditions in our service territories, energy efficiency initiatives, use of alternative technologies and changes in our customers' perceptions regarding natural gas usage as a result of incidents of other utilities involving natural gas pipelines, which could impact our ability to grow our customer base and our rate of growth. growth in customer accounts and growth of customer usage each directly influence demand for electricity and natural gas and the need for additional delivery facilities. customer growth and customer usage are affected by a number of factors outside our control, such as mandated energy efficiency measures, demand-side management goals, distributed generation resources and economic and demographic conditions, including population changes, job and income growth, housing starts, new business formation and the overall level of economic activity. declines in demand for electricity and natural gas in our service territories due to pipeline incidents of other utilities, increased electricity and natural gas prices as experienced during the february 2021 winter storm event and economic downturns, among other factors, could reduce overall usage and lessen cash flows, especially as industrial customers reduce production and, therefore, consumption of electricity and natural gas. although houston electric's and indiana electric's transmission and distribution businesses are subject to regulated allowable rates of return and recovery of certain costs under periodic adjustment clauses, overall declines in electricity delivered and used as a result of economic downturn or recession could reduce revenues and cash flows, thereby diminishing results of operations. additionally, the significant decline in energy and commodity prices that occurred during 2020, if sustained into 2021, could cause the rate of economic, employment and/or population growth in certain of our service territories to decline. in particular, houston, texas has a higher percentage of employment tied to the energy sector relative to other regions of the country. a reduction in the rate of economic, employment and/or population growth could result in lower growth and reduced demand for and usage of electricity and natural gas in such service territories. as such, sustained low energy and commodity prices could have an adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity. some or all of these factors could result in a lack of growth or decline in customer demand for electricity or number of customers and may result in our failure to fully realize anticipated benefits from significant capital investments and expenditures, which could have a material adverse effect on their financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
risk factors affecting centerpoint energy's interests in enable midstream partners, lp (centerpoint energy)
centerpoint energy's cash flows will be adversely impacted if it receives less cash distributions from enable than it currently expects, whether as a result of enable's performance or otherwise, or if it reduces its ownership in enable.
centerpoint energy holds a substantial limited partner interest in enable (53.7% of the outstanding common units representing limited partner interests in enable as of december 31, 2020), as well as 50% of the management rights in enable gp and a 40% interest in the incentive distribution rights held by enable gp. as of december 31, 2020, centerpoint energy owned an aggregate of 14,520,000 enable series a preferred units representing limited partner interests in enable. accordingly, centerpoint energy's future earnings, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition will be affected by the performance of enable, the amount of cash distributions it receives from enable and the value of its interests in enable.
enable has historically been expected to pay a minimum quarterly distribution of $0.2875 per unit, or $1.15 per unit on an annualized basis, on its outstanding common units to the extent it has sufficient cash from operations after establishment of cash reserves and payment of fees and expenses, including payments to enable gp and its affiliates (referred to as "available cash"). enable may not have sufficient available cash each quarter to enable it (i) to pay distributions on the enable series a preferred units or (ii) maintain or increase the distributions on its common units. on april 1, 2020, in response to covid-19 and economic conditions impacting the oil and gas industry, enable announced a reduction in its quarterly distributions per common unit from $0.3305 distributed for the fourth quarter 2019 to $0.16525, representing a 50% reduction. this reduction has resulted in, and is expected to result in additional, quarterly distributions to centerpoint energy that fall below the expected minimum quarterly distribution of $0.2875 per common unit. this reduction in enable's quarterly distributions per common unit reduces its common unit distributions to centerpoint energy by approximately $155 million per year assuming no further reductions. to the extent such economic conditions persist or further deteriorate, quarterly distributions on enable's common units may be subject to further reductions. for further discussion regarding centerpoint energy's impairment of its equity investment in enable, please see "-an impairment of goodwill, long-lived assets, including intangible assets, equity method investments and an impairment or fair value adjustment to centerpoint energy's enable series a preferred unit investment could reduce our earnings."
enable is expected to pay a distribution of $0.625 per enable series a preferred unit, or $2.50 per enable series a preferred unit on an annualized basis, until february 17, 2021. thereafter, enable is expected to pay a distribution on the enable series a preferred units with an annual rate equal to three-month libor plus 8.5%. distributions on each enable series a preferred unit are not mandatory and are non-cumulative in the event distributions are not declared on the enable series a preferred units. additionally, distributions on the enable series a preferred units reduce the amount of available cash enable has to pay distributions on its common units. the amount of cash enable can distribute on its common units and the enable series a preferred units will principally depend upon the amount of cash it generates from its operations, which will fluctuate from quarter to quarter based on, among other things, the fees and gross margins it realizes with respect to the volume of natural gas, ngls and crude oil that it handles and the prices of, levels of production of, and demand for natural gas, ngls and crude oil. please refer to enable's operational, regulatory and financial risks and other factors set forth in its sec filings that may have a material impact on its performance and cash distributions, and, hence, the value of centerpoint energy's interests in enable.
additionally, centerpoint energy's process of evaluating and optimizing the various businesses, assets and ownership interests currently held by it considered, among other things, various plans, proposals and other strategic alternatives with respect to enable and centerpoint energy's investment in enable. in february 2021, centerpoint energy announced its support of the enable merger, which is expected to close in the second half of 2021, subject to customary closing conditions, including hart-scott-rodino antitrust clearance. see note 22 to the consolidated financial statements for further information. centerpoint energy may not realize any or all of the anticipated strategic, financial, operational or other benefits from the enable merger, if completed, or from any disposition or reduction of its resulting investment in energy transfer. there can be no assurances that any disposal of energy transfer common units or energy transfer series g preferred units will be completed. any disposal of such securities may involve significant costs and expenses, including in connection with any public offering, a significant underwriting discount. there can be no assurances that centerpoint energy will be able to reinvest any proceeds from the disposition of any energy transfer common units or energy transfer series g preferred units, if any, when received as a result of the closing of the enable merger, in a manner that provides for a similar rate of return as those securities.
we cannot be certain of the precise value of any merger consideration we may receive in the enable merger because the exchange ratio is fixed and the market price of energy transfer's common units may fluctuate.
at the time the enable merger is completed, each issued and outstanding enable common unit we own will be converted into the right to receive the merger consideration of 0.8595 of one common unit representing limited partner interests in energy transfer. the exchange ratio for the merger consideration is fixed, and there will be no adjustment to the merger consideration for changes in the market price of energy transfer's common units or enable's common units prior to the completion of the enable merger. if the enable merger is completed, there will be a time lapse between the enable merger agreement date and the date on which we are entitled to, and actually receive, the merger consideration. the market value of energy transfer's common units may fluctuate during this period as a result of a variety of factors, including general market and economic conditions, changes in energy transfer's businesses, operations and prospects and regulatory considerations. such factors are difficult to predict and, in many cases, may be beyond enable's and energy transfer's control. the actual value of any merger consideration we receive upon the completion of the enable merger will depend on the market value of the energy transfer common units at that time. this market value may differ, possibly materially, from the market value of energy transfer's common units at the time the merger agreement was entered into or at any other time.
the enable merger may not be completed, and the enable merger agreement may be terminated in accordance with its terms.
the enable merger is subject to a number of conditions that must be satisfied or waived prior to its completion, including (i) the receipt of the required approvals from enable's unitholders, (ii) the expiration or termination of the waiting period under the hart-scott-rodino act, (iii) the absence of any governmental order or law that prohibits or makes illegal the consummation of the enable merger, (iv) energy transfer common units issuable in connection with the enable merger having been authorized for listing on the new york stock exchange, subject to official notice of issuance and (v) energy transfer's registration statement on form s-4 having been declared effective by the sec under the securities act. the obligation of each party to consummate the enable merger is also conditioned upon the other party's representations and warranties being true and correct (subject to certain materiality exceptions) and the other party having performed in all material respects its obligations under the enable merger agreement. enable's obligation to consummate the enable merger is further conditioned upon the receipt of a customary tax opinion of counsel that for u.s. federal income tax purposes, subject to certain exceptions, (i) it should not recognize any income or gain as a result of the enable merger and (ii) no gain or loss should be recognized by holders of enable's common units or series a preferred units as a result of the enable merger. these conditions to the completion of the enable merger may not be satisfied or waived in a timely manner or at all, and, accordingly, the enable merger may be delayed or may not be completed.
moreover, if the enable merger is not completed by november 30, 2021, either energy transfer or enable may choose not to proceed with the enable merger, and the parties can mutually decide to terminate the enable merger agreement at any time, before or after approval by enable's common unitholders. in addition, energy transfer and enable may elect to terminate the enable merger agreement in certain other circumstances as further detailed in the enable merger agreement. if the enable merger agreement is terminated under specified circumstances, enable may be required to pay energy transfer a termination fee. furthermore, if the enable merger is not completed for any reason, enable's future businesses and financial results may be adversely affected, including, among other things, enable may experience negative reactions from the financial markets, including negative impacts on the market price of its common units.
enable will be subject to business uncertainties while the enable merger is pending, which could adversely affect its businesses.
uncertainties about the effect of the enable merger on employees and customers may have an adverse effect on enable. these uncertainties may impair its ability to attract, retain and motivate key personnel until the merger is completed and for a period of time thereafter and could cause customers and others that deal with enable to seek to change their existing business relationships. employee retention may be particularly challenging during the pendency of the enable merger, as employees may experience uncertainty about their roles with energy transfer following the enable merger. in addition, the enable merger agreement restricts enable from entering into certain corporate transactions and taking other specified actions without the consent of energy transfer, and generally requires enable's to continue its operations in the ordinary course, until completion of the enable merger. these restrictions may prevent enable from pursuing attractive business opportunities that may arise prior to the completion of the enable merger.
the common units representing limited partner interests in energy transfer to be received by us upon completion of the enable merger will have different rights than enable's common units.
upon completion of the enable merger, we will no longer be unitholders of enable. instead, we will become energy transfer unitholders and, while our rights as energy transfer unitholders will continue to be governed by the laws of the state of delaware, such rights will be subject to and governed by the terms of the energy transfer certificate of limited partnership, as amended, and the third amended and restated agreement of limited partnership of energy transfer, as amended. the laws of the state of delaware and terms of the energy transfer certificate of limited partnership and the energy transfer third amended and restated agreement of limited partnership are in some respects different than the terms of enable's certificate of limited partnership and its partnership agreement, which currently govern our rights.
general risk factors affecting our businesses and/or centerpoint energy's interests in enable midstream partners, lp cyberattacks, physical security breaches, acts of terrorism or other disruptions could adversely impact our reputation, results of operations, financial condition and/or cash flows.
we are subject to cyber and physical security risks related to adversaries attacking information technology systems, network infrastructure, technology and facilities used to conduct almost all of our businesses, which includes, among other things, (i) managing operations and other business processes and (ii) protecting sensitive information maintained in the normal course of business. for example, the operation of our electric generation, transmission and distribution systems are dependent on not only physical interconnection of our facilities but also on communications among the various components of our systems and third-party systems. this reliance on information and communication between and among those components has increased since deployment of the intelligent grid, smart devices and operational technologies across our businesses. further, certain of the various internal systems we use to conduct our businesses are highly integrated. consequently, a cyberattack or unauthorized access in any one of these systems could potentially impact the other systems. similarly, our business operations are interconnected with external networks and facilities. the distribution of natural gas to our customers requires communications with enable's pipeline facilities and third-party systems. the gathering, processing and transportation of natural gas from enable's gathering, processing and pipeline facilities and crude oil gathering pipeline systems also rely on communications among its facilities and with third-party systems that may be delivering natural gas or crude oil into or receiving natural gas or crude oil and other products from enable's facilities. disruption of those communications, whether caused by physical disruption such as storms or other natural disasters, by failure of equipment or technology or by manmade events, such as cyberattacks or acts of terrorism, may disrupt our or enable's ability to conduct operations and control assets.
cyberattacks, including phishing attacks and threats from the use of malicious code such as malware, ransomware and viruses, and unauthorized access could also result in the loss, or unauthorized use, of confidential, proprietary or critical infrastructure data or security breaches of other information technology systems that could disrupt operations and critical business functions, adversely affect reputation, increase costs and subject us to possible legal claims and liability. further, third parties, including vendors, suppliers and contractors, who perform certain services for us or administer and maintain our sensitive information, could also be targets of cyberattacks and unauthorized access. we are not fully insured against all cybersecurity risks, any of which could adversely affect our reputation and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and/or cash flows. as domestic and global cyber threats are on-going and increasing in sophistication, magnitude and frequency, our critical energy infrastructure may be targets of state-sponsored attacks, terrorist activities or otherwise that could disrupt our respective business operations. furthermore, experts have observed an increase in the volume and the sophistication of cyberattacks since the beginning of the covid-19 pandemic, which could lead to additional disruptions. for information about our cybersecurity risks related to covid-19, please see "-we face risks related to covid-19 and other health epidemics and outbreaks, including economic, regulatory, legal, workforce and cyber security risks, which could adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity" below. any such disruptions could result in significant costs to repair damaged facilities, restore service and implement increased security measures, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and/or cash flows.
failure to maintain the security of personally identifiable information could adversely affect us.
in connection with our businesses, we and our vendors, suppliers and contractors collect and retain personally identifiable information (for example, information of our customers, shareholders, suppliers and employees), and there is an expectation that we and such third parties will adequately protect that information. the regulatory environment surrounding information security and data privacy is increasingly demanding. new laws and regulations governing data privacy and the unauthorized disclosure of confidential information pose increasingly complex compliance challenges and elevate our costs. any failure by us to comply with these laws and regulations, including as a result of a security or privacy breach, could result in significant costs, fines and penalties and liabilities for us. a significant theft, loss or fraudulent use of the personally identifiable information we maintain or failure of our vendors, suppliers and contractors to use or maintain such data in accordance with contractual provisions and other legal requirements could adversely impact our reputation and could result in significant costs, fines and penalties and liabilities for us. additionally, if we acquire a company that has violated or is not in compliance with applicable data protection laws, we may incur significant liabilities and penalties as a result.
our insurance coverage may not be sufficient. insufficient insurance coverage and increased insurance costs could adversely impact our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
we currently have insurance in place, such as general liability and property insurance, to cover certain of our facilities in amounts that we consider appropriate. such policies are subject to certain limits and deductibles and do not include business interruption coverage. insurance coverage may not be available in the future at current costs or on commercially reasonable terms, and the insurance proceeds received for any loss of, or any damage to, any of our facilities may not be sufficient to fully cover or restore the loss or damage without negative impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. costs, damages and other liabilities related to recent events and incidents that affected other utilities, such as wildfires and explosions, among other things, have exceeded or could exceed such utilities' insurance coverage. further, as a result of these recent events and incidents, the marketplace for insurance coverage may be unavailable or limited in capacity or any such available coverage may be deemed by us to be cost prohibitive under current conditions. any such coverage, if available, may not be eligible for recovery, whether in full or in part, by us through the rates charged by our utility businesses.
in common with other companies in its line of business that serve coastal regions, houston electric does not have insurance covering its transmission and distribution system, other than substations, because houston electric believes it to be cost prohibitive and insurance capacity to be limited. historically, houston electric has been able to recover the costs incurred in restoring its transmission and distribution properties following hurricanes or other disasters through issuance of storm restoration bonds or a change in its regulated rates or otherwise. in the future, any such recovery may not be granted. therefore, houston electric may not be able to restore any loss of, or damage to, any of its transmission and distribution properties without negative impact on its results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
we face risks related to covid-19 and other health epidemics and outbreaks, including economic, regulatory, legal, workforce and cyber security risks, which could adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity.
the covid-19 pandemic is a rapidly evolving situation that is adversely affecting current global economic activities and conditions. an extended slowdown of economic growth, decreased demand for commodities and/or material changes in governmental or regulatory policy in the united states has resulted in, and could continue to result in, lower growth, including customer growth, and reduced demand for and usage of electricity and natural gas in our service territories as customer facilities close, remain closed or potentially close again. we have experienced reduced demand and usage among our electric and natural gas commercial and industrial customers, as well as a decrease in revenues from disconnections and reconnections due to the disconnect moratoriums across our service territories due to covid-19, which have either expired or may expire during the second quarter of 2021 in certain of the registrants' service territories. the ability of our customers, contractors and suppliers to meet their obligations to us, including payment obligations, has also been negatively affected under the current economic conditions. as a result of the disconnect moratoriums across our natural gas service territories and other payment deferrals or arrangements, days outstanding on receivables and uncollectible accounts have increased, resulting in an increase to allowance for credit losses. to the extent these conditions in our service territories persist, our bad debt expense from uncollectible accounts could continue to increase, negatively impacting our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. reps could encounter financial difficulties, including bankruptcies, which could impair their ability to pay for houston electric's services or could cause them to delay such payments, adversely affecting houston electric's cash flows and liquidity. additionally, our state and local regulatory agencies, in response to a federal mandate or otherwise, could impose restrictions on the rates we charge to provide our services, including the inability to implement approved rates, or delay actions with respect to our rate cases and filings. the covid-19 pandemic may affect our ability to timely satisfy regulatory requirements such as recordkeeping and/or timely reporting requirements. for further information on covid-19 regulatory matters, please see note 7 to the consolidated financial statements, which information is incorporated herein by reference.
with respect to our supply chain, while we have not experienced significant disruptions or challenges from the covid-19 pandemic, to the extent we experience such disruptions in our supply chain that limit our ability to obtain materials and equipment necessary for our businesses, whether through delayed order fulfillment, limited production or unavailability due to covid-19, we may be unable to perform our operations timely or as anticipated, which could result in service or construction delays or increased costs. furthermore, in the event key officers or a substantial portion of our workforce were to be impacted by covid-19 for an extended period of time, we may face challenges with respect to our services or operations and we may not be able to execute our capital plan as anticipated. there is considerable uncertainty regarding the extent to which covid-19 will continue to spread, even with the availability of a vaccine therefor, and the extent and duration of governmental and other measures implemented to try to slow the spread of covid-19, such as large-scale travel bans and restrictions, border closures, quarantines, shelter-in-place orders and business and government shutdowns. restrictions of this nature have caused, and may continue to cause, us, our suppliers and other business counterparties to experience operational delays, shortages of employees, facility shutdowns or business closures. we have modified certain business and workforce practices (including those related to employee travel, employee work locations and participation in meetings, events and conferences) to conform to government restrictions and best practices encouraged by governmental and regulatory authorities. however, the quarantine of personnel or the inability to access our facilities or customer sites could adversely affect our operations. while certain of our personnel have been, and may continue to be, quarantined, our operations and corporate functions have not been adversely affected to date. as of the date of this form 10-k, we have increased the permitted occupancy of certain of our offices and facilities, with the rest of our office-based personnel continuing to work remotely under alternate work arrangements. where we must maintain a presence in the field, we have adjusted our operational protocols to minimize exposure and risk to our field personnel, customers and the communities we serve, including, among other things, modifying our work schedules and reporting locations, delaying certain work types, such as maintenance and capital projects, and adjusting project scope and scale to adhere to safety protocols, while continuing to maintain the work activities necessary for safe and reliable service to our customers with increased safety precautions, but we cannot assure that such adjustments and precautions will be sufficient to minimize exposure to and risk from covid-19. also, we have a limited number of highly skilled employees for some of our operations. if a large proportion of our employees in those critical positions were to contract covid-19 at the same time, we would rely upon our business continuity plans in an effort to continue operations at our facilities, but there is no certainty that such measures will be sufficient to mitigate the adverse impact to our operations that could result from shortages of highly skilled employees. additionally, in the event that customers, contractors, employees or others were to allege that they contracted covid-19 because of actions we took or failed to take, we could face claims, lawsuits and potential legal liability. in addition to the reasonableness of our actions and efforts to comply with applicable covid-19 guidance, our exposure and ultimate liability would depend upon the applicability of workers' compensation, the availability of insurance coverage and limitations on liability being considered or enacted at the state and federal level.
experts have observed an increase in the volume and the sophistication of cyberattacks since the beginning of the covid-19 pandemic. any technology system breaches and/or data privacy incidents could disrupt our operations or result in the loss or exposure of confidential or sensitive customer, employee or company information and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. as many of our employees and third-party service providers work remotely in accordance with government mandates or guidelines, we face heightened cyber security and privacy risks related to unauthorized system access, aggressive social engineering tactics and adversaries attacking the information technology systems, network infrastructure, technology and facilities used to conduct our business. the increase in the remote working arrangements of our employees as a result of the covid-19 pandemic has required enhancements and modifications to our information technology infrastructure (for example, virtual private network, or vpn, and remote collaboration systems), and any failures of these technologies, including third-party service providers, that facilitate working remotely could limit our ability to conduct our ordinary operations and expose us to increased risk or impact of a cyberattack.
we will continue to monitor developments affecting our employees, customers and operations. at this time, however, we cannot predict the extent or duration of the covid-19 pandemic or its effects on national, state and local economies, including the impact on our ability to access capital markets, our supply chain, our business strategies and plans and our workforce, nor can we estimate the potential adverse impact from covid-19 on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity.
our success depends upon our ability to attract, effectively transition, motivate and retain key employees and identify and develop talent to succeed senior management.
we depend on senior executive officers and other key personnel. our success depends on our ability to attract, effectively transition and retain key personnel. the inability to recruit and retain or effectively transition key personnel or the unexpected loss of key personnel may adversely affect our operations. in addition, because of the reliance on our management team, our future success depends in part on our ability to identify and develop talent to succeed senior management. the retention of key personnel and appropriate senior management succession planning will continue to be critically important to the successful implementation of our strategies.
failure to attract and retain an appropriately qualified workforce and maintain good labor relations could adversely impact the operations of our facilities and our results of operations.
our businesses are dependent on recruiting, retaining and motivating employees. certain circumstances, such as an aging workforce without appropriate replacements, a mismatch of existing skillsets to future needs, or the unavailability of contract resources may lead to operating challenges such as a lack of resources, loss of knowledge or a lengthy time period associated with skill development. our costs, including costs to replace employees, productivity costs and safety costs, may rise. failure to hire and adequately train replacement employees, including the transfer of significant internal historical knowledge and expertise to the new employees, or the future availability and cost of contract labor may adversely affect the ability to manage and operate our businesses, particularly the specialized skills and knowledge required to construct and operate generation facilities, a technology-enabled power grid and transmission and distribution facilities, among other facilities. if we are unable to successfully attract and retain an appropriately qualified workforce, our results of operations could be negatively affected.
furthermore, the operations of our facilities depends on good labor relations with our employees, and several of our businesses have entered into and have in place collective bargaining agreements with different labor unions, comprising approximately 36% of our workforce. we have several separate bargaining units, each with a unique collective bargaining agreement described further in note 8(j) to the consolidated financial statements, which information is incorporated herein by reference. the collective bargaining agreements with opeiu local 12 and mankato related to natural gas employees in minnesota are scheduled to expire in may 2021 and march 2021, respectively, and negotiations are currently in progress and expected to be completed before the may 2021 and march 2021 expirations. any failure to reach an agreement on new labor contracts or to negotiate these labor contracts might result in strikes, boycotts or other labor disruptions. these potential labor disruptions could have a material adverse effect on our businesses, results of operations and/or cash flows. labor disruptions, strikes or significant negotiated wage and benefit increases, whether due to union activities, employee turnover or otherwise, could have a material adverse effect on our businesses, results of operations and/or cash flows.
changing demographics, poor investment performance of pension plan assets and other factors adversely affecting the calculation of pension liabilities could unfavorably impact our results of operations, liquidity and financial position.
centerpoint energy and its subsidiaries maintain qualified defined benefit pension plans covering certain of its employees. costs associated with these plans are dependent upon a number of factors including the investment returns on plan assets, the level of interest rates used to calculate the funded status of the plan, contributions to the plan, the number of plan participants and government regulations with respect to funding requirements and the calculation of plan liabilities. funding requirements may increase and centerpoint energy may be required to make unplanned contributions in the event of a decline in the market value of plan assets, a decline in the interest rates used to calculate the present value of future plan obligations, or government regulations that increase minimum funding requirements or the pension liability. in addition to affecting centerpoint energy's funding requirements, these factors could adversely affect our results of operations, liquidity and financial position.
we may be significantly affected by changes in federal income tax laws and regulations, including any comprehensive federal tax reform legislation.
our businesses are impacted by u.s. federal income tax policy. under the biden administration with the senate and house of representatives controlled by the democratic party, comprehensive federal tax reform legislation could be enacted that may significantly change the federal income tax laws applicable to domestic businesses, including changes that may increase the federal income tax rate and impact investment incentives and deductions for depreciation and interest, among other deductions. while centerpoint energy and its subsidiaries cannot assess the overall impact of any such potential legislation on our businesses, it is possible that our results of operations, financial conditions or cash flows could be negatively impacted. furthermore, with any enacted federal tax reform legislation, it is uncertain how state commissions and local municipalities may require us to respond to the effects of such tax legislation, including determining the treatment of edit and other increases and decreases in our revenue requirements. as such, potential regulatory actions in response to any enacted tax legislation could adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
we are involved in numerous legal proceedings, the outcomes of which are uncertain, and resolutions adverse to us could negatively affect our financial results.
the registrants are subject to numerous legal proceedings, the most significant of which are summarized in note 16 to the registrants' respective consolidated financial statements. litigation is subject to many uncertainties, and the registrants cannot predict the outcome of all matters with assurance. additionally, under some circumstances, the registrants could potentially have claims filed against them or incur liabilities associated with assets and businesses no longer owned by them as a result of sales, divestitures or other transfers to third parties who may be unable to fulfill their indemnity obligations to the registrants. final resolution of these matters, or any potential future claims or liabilities, may require additional expenditures over an extended period of time that may be in excess of established insurance or reserves and may have a material adverse effect on the registrants' financial results.
our businesses may be adversely affected by the intentional misconduct of our employees.
we are committed to living our core values of safety, integrity, accountability, initiative and respect and complying with all applicable laws and regulations. despite that commitment and our efforts to prevent misconduct, it is possible for employees to engage in intentional misconduct, fail to uphold our core values, and violate laws and regulations for individual gain through contract or procurement fraud, misappropriation, bribery or corruption, fraudulent related-party transactions and serious breaches of our ethics and compliance code and standards of conduct/business ethics policy, among other policies. if such intentional misconduct by employees should occur, it could result in substantial liability, higher costs, increased regulatory scrutiny and negative public perceptions, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
item 7.management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations no registrant makes any representations as to the information related solely to centerpoint energy or the subsidiaries of centerpoint energy other than itself.
the following combined discussion and analysis should be read in combination with the consolidated financial statements included in item 8 herein. when discussing centerpoint energy's consolidated financial information, it includes the results of houston electric and cerc, which, along with centerpoint energy, are collectively referred to as the registrants. where appropriate, information relating to a specific registrant has been segregated and labeled as such. unless the context indicates otherwise, specific references to houston electric and cerc also pertain to centerpoint energy. in this combined form 10-k, the terms "our," "we" and "us" are used as abbreviated references to centerpoint energy, inc. together with its consolidated subsidiaries.
overview background centerpoint energy, inc. is a public utility holding company and owns interests in enable. centerpoint energy's operating subsidiaries own and operate electric transmission, distribution and generation and natural gas distribution facilities, and provide energy performance contracting and sustainable infrastructure services. for a detailed description of centerpoint energy's operating subsidiaries and discontinued operations, please read note 1 to the consolidated financial statements.
houston electric is an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of centerpoint energy that provides electric transmission service to transmission service customers in the ercot region and distribution service to reps serving the texas gulf coast area that includes the city of houston.
cerc corp. is an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of centerpoint energy that owns and operates natural gas distribution facilities in six states, with operating subsidiaries that own and operate permanent pipeline connections through interconnects with various interstate and intrastate pipeline companies, and provide temporary delivery of lng and cng throughout the contiguous 48 states.
reportable segments in this management's discussion and analysis, we discuss our results from continuing operations on a consolidated basis and individually for each of our reportable segments, which are listed below. we also discuss our liquidity, capital resources and critical accounting policies. we are first and foremost an energy delivery company and it is our intention to remain focused on these segments of the energy business. the results of our business operations are significantly impacted by weather, customer growth, economic conditions, cost management, competition, rate proceedings before regulatory agencies and other actions of the various regulatory agencies to whose jurisdiction we are subject, among other factors.
during the fourth quarter of 2020, centerpoint energy's codm requested that the financial information for the electric businesses be presented on an aggregated basis for review, resulting in one electric reportable segment, comprised of houston electric and indiana electric. also, the natural gas distribution reportable segment was renamed natural gas. additionally, during the fourth quarter of 2020, centerpoint energy's codm requested that the cerc corporate functions be included within the financial results of centerpoint energy's natural gas reportable segment for review purposes. during the fourth quarter of 2020, cerc's codm requested that the cerc corporate functions be included within the financial results of cerc's natural gas reportable segment for review purposes. as a result of this change, and following the divestiture of the energy services disposal group, cerc now consists of a single reportable segment. houston electric also consists of a single reportable segment.
as of december 31, 2020, centerpoint energy's reportable segments were electric, natural gas and midstream investments.
•the electric reportable segment includes electric transmission and distribution services in houston electric's transmission and distribution service territory that are subject to rate regulation and impacts of generation-related stranded costs and other true-up balances recoverable by the regulated electric utility and energy delivery services to electric customers and electric generation assets to serve its electric customers and optimize those assets in the wholesale power market in indiana electric's transmission and distribution service territory. for further information about the electric reportable segment, see "business - our business - electric" in item 1 of part i of this report.
•the natural gas reportable segment includes natural gas distribution services that are subject to rate regulation in centerpoint energy's and cerc's service territories, as well as home appliance maintenance and repair services to customers in minnesota and home repair protection plans to natural gas customers in texas and louisiana through a third party. for further information about the natural gas reportable segment, see "business - our business - natural gas" in item 1 of part i of this report.
•the midstream investments reportable segment includes centerpoint energy's equity investment in enable and is dependent upon the results of enable, which are driven primarily by the volume of natural gas, ngls and crude oil that enable gathers, processes and transports across its systems and other factors as discussed below under "- factors influencing midstream investments." on february 16, 2021, enable entered into the enable merger agreement. at the closing of the transactions contemplated by the enable merger agreement, if and when it occurs, energy transfer will acquire all of enable's outstanding equity interests, including all enable common units and enable series a preferred units held by centerpoint energy, and in return centerpoint energy will receive energy transfer common units and energy transfer series g preferred units. for further information about the midstream investments reportable segment, see "business - our business - midstream investments" in item 1 of part i of this report. for further information on the enable merger, see note 22 to the consolidated financial statements.
centerpoint energy's corporate and other includes office buildings and other real estate used for business operations, energy performance contracting and sustainable infrastructure services and other corporate support operations.
executive summary we expect our and enable's businesses to continue to be affected by the key factors and trends discussed below. our expectations are based on assumptions made by us and information currently available to us. to the extent our underlying assumptions about, or interpretations of, available information prove to be incorrect, our actual results may vary materially from our expected results.
factors influencing our businesses and industry trends we are an energy delivery company. the majority of our revenues are generated from the transmission and delivery of electricity and the sale of natural gas by our subsidiaries. on february 1, 2019, we acquired vectren for approximately $6 billion in cash. through its subsidiaries, vectren's operations consist of utility and non-utility businesses. the utility operations include three public utilities, indiana gas, sigeco and vedo, which, in the aggregate, provide natural gas distribution and transportation services to nearly 67% of indiana and about 20% of ohio and electric transmission and distribution services to southwestern indiana, including power generating and wholesale power operations. in total, these utility operations supply natural gas and electricity to over one million customers in indiana and ohio. the non-utility operations included esg and infrastructure services. esg provides energy services through performance-based energy contracting operations and sustainable infrastructure services, such as renewables, distributed generation and combined heat and power projects. esg assists schools, hospitals, governmental facilities and other private institutions with reducing energy and maintenance costs by upgrading their facilities with energy-efficient equipment. esg operates throughout the united states. infrastructure services, through its wholly-owned subsidiaries, provided underground pipeline and repair services to many utilities, including our utilities, as well as other industries. concurrent with the completion of the merger in 2019, we added two new reportable segments, indiana electric integrated and infrastructure services. on february 3, 2020, centerpoint energy, through its subsidiary vusi, entered into the securities purchase agreement to sell the infrastructure services disposal group. the transaction closed on april 9, 2020. for further information, see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements. during the fourth quarter of 2020, centerpoint energy's codm requested that the financial information for the electric businesses be presented on an aggregated basis for review, resulting in one electric reportable segment, comprised of houston electric and indiana electric. see note 18 for further changes on reportable segments during 2020.
to assess our financial performance, our management primarily monitors net income and cash flows, among other things, from our reportable segments. within these broader financial measures, we monitor margins, interest expense, capital spending and working capital requirements. in addition to these financial measures, we also monitor a number of variables that management considers important to our reportable segments, including the number of customers, throughput, use per customer, commodity prices and heating and cooling degree days. from an operational standpoint, we monitor operation and maintenance expense, safety factors, system reliability and customer satisfaction to gauge our performance.
the nature of our businesses requires significant amounts of capital investment, and we rely on internally generated cash, borrowings under our credit facilities, proceeds from commercial paper and issuances of debt and equity in the capital markets to satisfy these capital needs. with respect to cerc, we intend to use proceeds from any potential asset sales, including the potential dispositions of our natural gas businesses in arkansas and oklahoma, to satisfy a portion of its capital needs. we strive to maintain investment grade ratings for our securities to access the capital markets on terms we consider reasonable. a reduction in our ratings generally would increase our borrowing costs for new issuances of debt, as well as borrowing costs under our existing revolving credit facilities, and may prevent us from accessing the commercial paper markets. disruptions in the financial markets can also affect the availability of new capital on terms we consider attractive. in those circumstances, we may not be able to obtain certain types of external financing or may be required to accept terms less favorable than they would otherwise accept. for that reason, we seek to maintain adequate liquidity for our businesses through existing credit facilities and prudent refinancing of existing debt.
to the extent adverse economic conditions affect our suppliers and customers, results from our energy delivery businesses may suffer. for example, the economic impacts of covid-19 have been felt nationwide, with every region of the country experiencing deep reductions in employment in the second quarter of 2020. we believe that all of the states that we serve have improved economically since then and continue to recover, although at different rates. each state has a unique economy and is driven by different industrial sectors. our largest customers reflect the diversity in industries in the states across our footprint. for example, houston electric is largely concentrated in houston, texas, a diverse economy where a higher percentage of employment is tied to the energy sector relative to other regions of the country. although the houston area represents a large part of our customer base, we have a diverse customer base throughout the eight states our utility businesses serve. in minnesota, for instance, education and health services are the state's largest sectors, whereas arkansas has a large food manufacturing industry. indiana and ohio are impacted by changes in the midwest economy in general and changes in particular industries concentrated in the midwest such as automotive, feed and grain processing. some industries are driven by population growth like education and health care, while others may be influenced by strength in the national or international economy.
also, adverse economic conditions, coupled with concerns for protecting the environment and increased availability of alternate energy sources, may cause consumers to use less energy or avoid expansions of their facilities, including natural gas facilities, resulting in less demand for our services. long-term national trends indicate customers have reduced their energy consumption, which could adversely affect our results. however, due to more affordable energy prices and continued economic improvement in the areas we serve, the trend toward lower usage has slowed. to the extent population growth is affected by lower energy prices and there is financial pressure on some of our customers who operate within the energy industry, there may be an impact on the growth rate of our customer base and overall demand. despite the overall economic impact of the recession, housing growth has continued and accelerated in 2020. lower interest rates have helped single family housing starts in the houston and minneapolis to exceed growth in previous years. multifamily residential customer growth is affected by the cyclical nature of apartment construction. beginning in 2019 and continuing through 2020, a new construction cycle in houston helped overall residential customer growth to surpass the long-term trend of 2%. management expects residential meter growth for houston electric to remain in line with long term trends at approximately 2%. typical customer growth in the jurisdictions served by the natural gas reportable segment is approximately 1%. cerc's natural gas customer growth was 1.7% for 2020, which is slightly higher than in previous years. management expects residential meter growth for cerc to remain in line with long term trends at approximately 1%.
performance of the electric reportable segment and the natural gas reportable segment is significantly influenced by energy usage per customer, which is significantly impacted by weather conditions. for houston electric, revenues are generally higher during the warmer months when more electricity is used for cooling purposes. for indiana electric, a significant portion of its sales are for space heating and cooling. consequently, as in certain past years, indiana electric's results of operations may be adversely affected by warmer-than-normal heating season weather or colder-than-normal cooling season weather. for cerc's natural gas, demand for natural gas for heating purposes is generally higher in the colder months. therefore, we compare our results on a weather-adjusted basis.
in 2020, the houston area experienced weather that was warmer than normal compared to 2019. although the summer months were somewhat hotter than normal, the warmer than normal temperatures started early in the year with a mild winter. our natural gas service territories experienced warmer weather in 2020 than it has since 2017. historically, both centerpoint energy's tdu and cerc's natural gas have utilized weather hedges to help reduce the impact of mild weather on their financial results. centerpoint energy's tdu and cerc's natural gas entered into a weather hedge for the 2019-2020 winter heating season in texas where no weather normalization mechanisms exist. in cerc's non-texas jurisdictions, weather normalization mechanisms or decoupling in the minnesota division help to mitigate the impact of abnormal weather on our financial results.
in our natural gas indiana and ohio service territories, normal temperature adjustment and decoupling mechanisms largely mitigate the effect that would otherwise be caused by variations in volumes sold to these customers due to weather and changing consumption patterns. our natural gas operations in ohio has a straight fixed variable rate design for its residential customers. this rate design mitigates approximately 90% of the ohio service territory's weather risk and risk of decreasing consumption specific to its small customer classes. while indiana electric has neither a normal temperature adjustment mechanism nor a decoupling mechanism, rate designs provide for a lost margin recovery mechanism that operates in tandem with conservation initiatives.
sales of natural gas to residential and commercial customers by indiana gas, sigeco and vedo are largely seasonal and are impacted by weather. trends in the average consumption among natural gas residential and commercial customers have tended to decline as more efficient appliances and furnaces are installed, and as these utilities have implemented conservation programs.
for cerc's natural gas in minnesota and arkansas, rate adjustment mechanisms counter the impact of changes in customer usage. in addition, in many of our service areas, particularly in the houston area and minnesota, as applicable to each registrant, we have benefited from growth in the number of customers. we anticipate that this trend will continue as the regions' economies continue to grow. the profitability of our businesses is influenced significantly by the regulatory treatment we receive from the various state and local regulators who set our electric and natural gas distribution rates.
for details related to our pending and completed regulatory proceedings and orders in 2020 and to date in 2021, see "-liquidity and capital resources -regulatory matters" in item 7 of part ii of this report, which discussion is incorporated herein by reference.
we believe the long-term outlook for esg's performance contracting and sustainable infrastructure opportunities remains strong with continued national focus expected on energy conservation and sustainability, renewable energy and security as power prices across the country rise and customer focus on new, efficient and clean sources of energy grows.
the regulation of natural gas pipelines and related facilities by federal and state regulatory agencies affects centerpoint energy's and cerc's businesses. in accordance with natural gas pipeline safety and integrity regulations, centerpoint energy and cerc are making, and will continue to make, significant capital investments in their service territories, which are necessary to help operate and maintain a safe, reliable and growing natural gas system. centerpoint energy's and cerc's compliance expenses may also increase as a result of preventative measures required under these regulations. consequently, new rates in the areas they serve are necessary to recover these increasing costs.
consistent with the regulatory treatment of pension costs, the registrants defer the amount of pension expense that differs from the level of pension expense included in the registrants' base rates for the electric reportable segment and natural gas reportable segment in their texas jurisdictions. centerpoint energy expects to contribute a minimum of approximately $61 million to its pension plans in 2021.
factors influencing midstream investments (centerpoint energy)
the results of centerpoint energy's midstream investments reportable segment are dependent upon the results of enable, which are driven primarily by the volume of natural gas, ngls and crude oil that enable gathers, processes and transports across its systems. these volumes depend significantly on the level of production from natural gas wells connected to enable's systems across a number of u.s. mid-continent markets. aggregate production volumes are affected by the overall amount of oil and gas drilling and completion activities. production must be maintained or increased by new drilling or other activity, because the production rate of oil and gas wells declines over time.
enable expects its business to continue to be impacted by the trends affecting the midstream industry. enable's outlook is based on its management's assumptions regarding the impact of these trends that it has developed by interpreting the information currently available to it. if enable management's assumptions or interpretation of available information prove to be incorrect, enable's future financial condition and results of operations may differ materially from its expectations.
enable's business is impacted by commodity prices, which have remained historically low and otherwise experienced significant volatility in recent years, including due to the effects of the covid-19 pandemic, among other factors. commodity prices impact the drilling and production of natural gas and crude oil in the areas served by enable's systems, and the volumes on its systems can be negatively impacted if producers decrease drilling and production in those areas served. a decrease in volumes on enable's systems due to a decrease in drilling or production by its producer customers could adversely affect enable's results. in addition, enable's processing arrangements expose it to commodity price fluctuations. enable has attempted to mitigate the impact of commodity prices on its business by entering into hedges, focusing on contracting fee-based business and converting existing commodity-based contracts to fee-based contracts. prior to the covid-19 pandemic, the price of natural gas, ngls and crude oil had begun to decline due to oversupply. the price of, and global demand for, these commodities declined significantly during the first half of 2020 as a result of the ongoing economic effects of the covid-19 pandemic and the significant governmental measures being implemented to control the spread of the virus, which was further exacerbated by the dispute in the first quarter of 2020 over crude oil production levels between russia and members of opec led by saudi arabia. for further information on the impact of these conditions on enable, see "significant events-enable quarterly distributions" below. subsequent to an agreement in april 2020 by a coalition of nations to reduce production of crude oil and the increase in global economic activity as governmental measures implemented to control the pandemic have eased, the price of crude oil has begun to rise relative to the 2020 production low. in response to crude oil price increases, crude oil, associated natural gas and ngl production has begun to increase.
enable's long-term view is that natural gas and crude oil will continue to be a critical component of energy demand in the united states and worldwide because natural gas has lower emissions and is a practical fuel for a variety of applications. as electric energy demand continues to grow, enable's management believes that natural gas will continue to replace coal. as the global market for lng continues to develop, enable's management believes that natural gas supply in the united states is well positioned to address demand in the united states, as well as in other areas of the world, including western europe and asia. as the desire to lower emissions continues, enable's management believes that natural gas will be seen as a practical alternative to higher-emissions liquids fuels, such as bunker fuels in international shipping. supplies of crude oil have risen primarily from the success of unconventional drilling in tight oil plays across the united states. liquid fuels derived from crude oil have remained a primary source of energy in the united states, and exports of crude oil and liquid fuels from the united states have risen dramatically over the last five years. as the supply of crude oil has increased in the united states, enable's management believes that the united states will continue to be a source of supply to the global crude oil market.
for information on the enable merger, see note 22 to the consolidated financial statements.
significant events february 2021 winter storm event. in february 2021, portions of the united states experienced an extreme and unprecedented winter weather event resulting in corresponding electricity generation shortages, including in texas, and natural gas shortages and increased wholesale prices of natural gas in the united states. many houston electric and, to a lesser extent, cerc customers have been severely impacted by outages in electricity and natural gas delivery during the february 2021 winter storm event. as a result of this weather event, the governors of texas, oklahoma and louisiana have declared states of either disaster or emergencies in their respective states. subsequently, president biden also approved major disaster declarations for all or parts of texas, oklahoma and louisiana.
centerpoint energy has a corporate response planning team comprised of employees across the organization, including members of senior management, that assesses risks to its business, including for health, safety and environmental matters and personnel issues, and has addressed various impacts of the february 2021 winter storm event as such impacts have developed. the corporate response planning team has coordinated additional support for operations and other personnel responding directly to the february 2021 winter storm event.
the february 2021 winter storm event has had, and may continue to have, financial impacts on centerpoint energy, houston electric and cerc, including substantial increases in prices for natural gas, decreased revenues at houston electric due to ercot-mandated outages, the need to raise additional external financing to pay for natural gas working capital, potential impacts to credit metrics, significant impacts to the reps serving customers of houston electric, including the reps' ability to pay invoices, increases in bad debt expense, issues with counterparties and customers, litigation and investigations or inquiries from government or regulatory agencies and entities, and other financial impacts. centerpoint energy does not anticipate meaningful long-term changes to its credit profile or credit ratings given its anticipated access to external financing sources and the regulatory mechanisms that are in place to recover these excess costs. see note 22 to the consolidated financial statements and "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - certain factors affecting future earnings" and " - liquidity and capital resources - future sources and uses of cash" below for further information.
covid-19 impacts.  on march 11, 2020, the world health organization declared the current covid-19 outbreak to be a global pandemic, and on march 13, 2020, the united states declared a national emergency. in response to these declarations and the rapid spread of covid-19, federal, state and local governments have imposed varying degrees of restrictions on business and social activities to contain covid-19, including business shutdowns and closures, travel restrictions, quarantines, curfews, shelter in place and "stay-at-home" orders in our service territories. state and local authorities have also implemented multi-step policies with the goal of re-opening various sectors of the economy such as retail establishments, health and personal care businesses, and restaurants, among others. governing authorities continue to reassess re-opening approaches and decisions for their respective jurisdictions given the number of covid-19 cases and hospitalizations. the covid-19 outbreak significantly worsened in the united states during the winter months, which caused federal, state and local governments to reconsider restrictions on business and social activities, resulting in the curtailment of the re-opening of the economy.
we have experienced some resulting disruptions to our business operations, as these restrictions significantly impacted, and may continue to impact, many sectors of the economy with various businesses curtailing or ceasing normal operations. for example, since mid-march 2020, we have had to restrict access to certain office locations around the united states. however, as of the date of this form 10-k, we have increased the permitted occupancy of certain of our offices and facilities. the rest of our office-based personnel continue to be productive through alternate work arrangements, leveraging a strong technology platform to support our employees working remotely to perform their duties or directly from their vehicles to serve our customers. where we must maintain a presence in the field, we have adjusted our operational protocols to minimize exposure and risk to our field personnel, customers and the communities we serve, including, among other things, modifying our work schedules and reporting locations, potentially delaying certain work types as appropriate, such as maintenance and capital projects, and adjusting project scope and scale to adhere to safety protocols, while continuing to maintain the work activities necessary for safe and reliable service to our customers with increased safety precautions. while certain of our personnel have been, and may continue to be, quarantined, our operations and corporate functions have not been adversely affected to date.
certain of our natural gas service territories were impacted by hurricane laura in august 2020, as well as hurricanes sally, delta and zeta in october 2020. while our natural gas field personnel assessed and stabilized our impacted natural gas facilities, our electric operations mutual assistance crews from texas and indiana worked safely to support the storm restoration efforts of other impacted utilities. despite covid-19 conditions, neither our personnel nor our facilities experienced significant performance or operational impacts from hurricanes laura, sally, delta and zeta.
our first priority in our response to this pandemic has been the health and safety of our employees, our customers and other business counterparties. because we provide a critical service to our customers, it is paramount that we keep our employees who operate our business safe and informed, and we have taken and are updating precautions for that purpose. we have implemented preventative measures and developed corporate and regional response plans to minimize unnecessary risk of exposure and prevent infection, while supporting our customers' operations under the circumstances. when an employee tests positive for covid-19, we investigate appropriately and take action to identify and notify potentially exposed individuals, coordinate testing and clean work locations, among other precautionary measures. if our employees feel sick or are awaiting covid-19 test results, they do not report to their respective work locations to protect the health and safety of other employees. in addition, we have assessed and updated our existing business continuity plans for each of our business units in the context of this pandemic. we have a corporate response planning team who assesses risks to our business, including for health, safety and environmental matters and personnel issues, and addresses various impacts of the situation, as they have developed. throughout the year, this corporate response planning team has provided periodic updates on covid-19 to the board of directors, which has responsibility for, and is actively involved in, the oversight of risks that could impact centerpoint energy. we also have modified certain business practices (including those related to employee travel, employee work locations and participation in meetings, events and conferences) to conform to government restrictions and best practices encouraged by the centers for disease control and prevention, the world health organization and other governmental and regulatory authorities. we are continuing to address concerns to protect the health and safety of our employees and those of our customers and other business counterparties, and this includes changes to comply with health-related guidelines as they are modified and supplemented. we are continuing to work with our suppliers on any potential impacts to our supply chain, including identifying any negative impacts to material supplies, working to mitigate them and pre-planning for longer-term emergency response protocols. since march 2020, we have not experienced significant disruptions or challenges with respect to our supply chain from the covid-19 pandemic as a result of the aforementioned efforts with our core vendors and suppliers. this is a continuously evolving situation and could lead to further disruption of economic activity in our markets; we will continue to monitor developments affecting our workforce, our customers and our suppliers and take additional precautions as we believe are warranted.
the extended slowdown of economic growth, decreased demand for commodities and material changes in governmental or regulatory policy in the united states has resulted in, and could continue to result in, lower growth, including, in certain instances, customer growth, and reduced demand for and usage of electricity and natural gas in our service territories as customer facilities continue to close or remain closed. while residential electric usage has increased as individuals continue to stay at home or work remotely, our business has experienced reduced demand and usage among our electric and natural gas commercial and industrial customers as well as a decrease in revenues from disconnections and reconnections due to the disconnect moratoriums across our service territories due to covid-19, which have either expired or may expire during the second quarter of 2021 in certain of the registrants' service territories. certain aspects of houston electric's rate design could mitigate the negative impact of reduced demand among commercial and industrial users. the ability of our customers, contractors and suppliers to meet their obligations to us, including payment obligations, has also been negatively impacted under the current economic conditions. for houston electric, we are following puct orders regarding disconnection practices related to those customers impacted by covid-19. benefits under the covid-19 erp ended on september 30, 2020. houston electric has not experienced significant impacts with respect to its reps meeting their payment obligations since march 2020. in our natural gas service territories and for indiana electric, we informed customers that disconnections for non-payment had been temporarily suspended and in certain service territories continue to be temporarily suspended. however, the disconnect moratoriums have expired in certain of the registrants' service territories. as a result of the disconnect moratoriums across our natural gas service territories and other payment deferrals or arrangements, days outstanding on receivables and uncollectible accounts have increased, resulting in an increase to allowance for credit losses. to the extent these conditions in our service territories persist, our bad debt expense from uncollectible accounts could continue to increase, negatively impacting our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. our natural gas service territories and indiana electric have either (1) received authority from their public utility commissions to defer bad debt expense associated with covid-19 as a regulatory asset or (2) exercised existing authority to recover bad debt expense through an existing tracking mechanism. additionally, while we have not experienced delays to date due to covid-19 with respect to our regulatory proceedings, we could experience significant delays in scheduling proceedings or hearings and in obtaining orders from regulatory agencies. any such delays could adversely affect our future results of operations.
due to macroeconomic conditions related in part to the covid-19 pandemic and the decline in our common stock price, we identified a triggering event to perform an interim goodwill impairment test as of march 31, 2020 and recognized a non-cash goodwill impairment charge of $185 million in our indiana electric integrated reporting unit for the three months ended march 31, 2020. for further discussion of this impairment, see note 10 to the consolidated financial statements. centerpoint energy and cerc performed their annual goodwill impairment tests in the third quarter of 2020 and determined that no goodwill impairment charge was required for any reporting unit as a result of those tests. no triggering events occurred and no impairment tests were performed for subsequent periods.
as of the date of this form 10-k, our electric facilities and natural gas distribution systems have remained operational and our customers have continued to receive service. although we continue to assess the covid-19 situation, we cannot estimate with any degree of certainty the full financial impact of the covid-19 pandemic on our business. nor can we predict the effect that the significant disruption and volatility currently being experienced in the markets will have on our business, cash flows, liquidity, financial condition and results of operations at this time. however, we expect the covid-19 pandemic to adversely impact us in future quarters due to the considerable uncertainty regarding the extent to which covid-19 will continue to spread and the extent and duration of governmental and other measures implemented to try to slow the spread of covid-19, such as large-scale travel bans and restrictions, border closures, quarantines, shelter-in-place orders and business and government shutdowns. restrictions of this nature have caused, and may continue to cause, us, our suppliers and other business counterparties to experience operational delays, closures or disruptions, among other things. the ultimate impacts to our business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and cash flows will depend on future developments and evolving factors, including, among others, the ultimate duration, scope and spread of covid-19, the consequences of governmental and other measures designed to prevent the spread of covid-19, the development and availability of effective treatments, including those who may or may not take advantage of such treatments, actions taken by governmental authorities, customers, suppliers and other third parties, workforce availability and the timing and extent to which normal economic and operating conditions resume. for additional discussion regarding risks associated with the covid-19 pandemic, see "risk factors" in item 1a of part i of this form 10-k.
enable quarterly distributions. the price of, and global demand for, natural gas, ngls and crude oil declined significantly in the first half of 2020 in part as a result of the ongoing spread and economic effects of the covid-19 pandemic and the significant governmental measures being implemented to control the spread of covid-19 and remained depressed relative to pre-pandemic levels. further, financial market declines and volatility, together with deteriorating credit, liquidity concerns, decreasing production, and increasing inventories, are conditions that are associated with a general economic downturn. producers announced and began to implement plans to reduce production and decrease the drilling and completion of wells in response to these conditions, which include reductions in the exploration, development and production activity across enable's areas of operation. as a result, the effects of the covid-19 pandemic and the decline in demand and price for natural gas, ngls and crude oil have and may continue to negatively impact the demand for midstream services. in response to the impacts of these developments on its business, on april 1, 2020, enable announced a reduction in its quarterly distributions per common unit from $0.3305 distributed for the fourth quarter 2019 to $0.16525, representing a 50% reduction. to the extent such economic conditions persist or further deteriorate, quarterly distributions on enable's common units may be subject to further reductions. for further information, see "-liquidity and capital resources-future sources and uses of cash" below.
centerpoint energy financial measures. on april 1, 2020, in response to the current business environment and to strengthen its financial position and adjust for the reduction in cash flow related to the reduction in enable quarterly common unit distributions, centerpoint energy announced targeted reductions in (i) its quarterly common stock dividend to $0.1500 per share; (ii) 2020 operation and maintenance expenses, excluding certain merger costs, utility costs to achieve savings, severance and amounts with revenue offsets; and (iii) 2020 capital spending. for further information, see "-liquidity and capital resources-future sources and uses of cash" below.
enable investment impairment. centerpoint energy recognized a loss of $1,428 million on its investment in enable for the year ended december 31, 2020. this loss included an impairment charge on its investment in enable of $1,541 million and centerpoint energy's interest in enable's $225 million impairment on an equity method investment. for further discussion, see note 11 to the consolidated financial statements.
board of director appointments. on may 6, 2020, the board of directors appointed david j. lesar and barry t. smitherman to the board of directors effective immediately. on june 30, 2020, the board of directors appointed earl m. cummings to the board of directors, effective july 1, 2020. on february 19, 2021, the board of directors appointed wendy montoya cloonan to the board of directors, effective immediately.
centerpoint energy leadership transition. on june 30, 2020, the board of directors appointed david j. lesar to the position of president and chief executive officer, effective july 1, 2020. on september 15, 2020, jason p. wells was appointed to the position of executive vice president and chief financial officer, effective september 28, 2020.
business review and evaluation committee. on may 6, 2020, the board of directors established a business review and evaluation committee, which was designed to assist the board of directors in evaluating and optimizing the various businesses, assets and ownership interests currently held by centerpoint energy. in october 2020, the business review and evaluation committee completed its review and made final recommendations to the full board of directors for its consideration. as announced in december 2020, centerpoint energy's business strategy incorporated the business review and evaluation committee's recommendations to increase its planned capital expenditures in its electric and natural gas businesses to support rate base growth and sell certain of its natural gas businesses located in arkansas and oklahoma as a means to efficiently finance a portion of such increased capital expenditures, among other recommendations.
enable merger agreement. on february 16, 2021, enable entered into the enable merger agreement. at the closing of the transactions contemplated by the enable merger agreement, if and when it occurs, energy transfer will acquire all of enable's outstanding equity interests, including all enable common units and enable series a preferred units held by centerpoint energy, and in return centerpoint energy will receive energy transfer common units and energy transfer series g preferred units.
business divestitures. on february 3, 2020, centerpoint energy, through its subsidiary vusi, entered into the securities purchase agreement to sell the infrastructure services disposal group. the transaction closed on april 9, 2020. on february 24, 2020, centerpoint energy, through its subsidiary cerc corp., entered into the equity purchase agreement to sell the energy services disposal group. the transaction closed on june 1, 2020. for further information, see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements.
regulatory proceedings. a settlement was reached in the houston electric base rate case and a final order from the puct was received on march 9, 2020. new rates were implemented on april 23, 2020. for details related to our pending and completed regulatory proceedings and orders in 2020 and to date in 2021, see "-liquidity and capital resources -regulatory matters" below.
equity transactions.  on may 6, 2020, centerpoint energy entered into agreements for the private placements of its series c preferred stock and its common stock. for more information about the private placements, see note 13 to the consolidated financial statements.
debt transactions. in june 2020, houston electric issued $300 million aggregate principal amount of general mortgage bonds. in september 2020, sigeco completed the remarketing of two series of tax-exempt debt of approximately $38 million aggregate principal amount. in september 2020, vcc terminated its $200 million credit agreement. in september 2020, cerc corp. provided notice of redemption relating to $593 million aggregate principal amount of its 4.50% senior notes due 2021, which were redeemed in full in october 2020. in october 2020, cerc corp. issued $500 million aggregate principal amount of senior notes. in december 2020, centerpoint energy provided notice of redemption relating to $250 million aggregate principal amount of its outstanding $500 million aggregate principal amount 3.85% senior notes due 2024, which were redeemed in january 2021. on february 4, 2021, each of centerpoint energy, houston electric, cerc corp. and vuhi replaced their existing revolving credit facilities with new credit facilities totaling $4.0 billion in commitments. for more information, see note 14 to the consolidated financial statements.
certain factors affecting future earnings our past earnings and results of operations are not necessarily indicative of our future earnings and results of operations. the magnitude of our and enable's future earnings and results of our and enable's operations will depend on or be affected by numerous factors that apply to all registrants unless otherwise indicated including:
•the performance of enable, the amount of cash distributions centerpoint energy receives from enable, enable's ability to redeem the enable series a preferred units in certain circumstances and the value of centerpoint energy's interest in enable, and factors that may have a material impact on such performance, cash distributions and value, including factors such as:
◦competitive conditions in the midstream industry, and actions taken by enable's customers and competitors, including drilling, production and capital spending decisions of third parties and the extent and timing of the entry of additional competition in the markets served by enable;
◦the timing and extent of changes in the supply of natural gas and associated commodity prices, particularly prices of natural gas and ngls, the competitive effects of the available pipeline capacity in the regions served by enable, and the effects of geographic and seasonal commodity price differentials, including the effects of these circumstances on re-contracting available capacity on enable's interstate pipelines and its commodity risk management activities;
◦economic effects of the actions of saudi arabia, russia and other oil-producing countries, which have resulted in a substantial decrease in oil and natural gas prices, and the combined impact of these events and covid-19 on commodity prices;
◦the demand for crude oil, natural gas, ngls and transportation and storage services;
◦environmental and other governmental regulations, including the availability of drilling permits and the regulation of hydraulic fracturing;
◦recording of goodwill, long-lived asset or other than temporary impairment charges by or related to enable;
◦the timing of payments from enable's customers under existing contracts, including minimum volume commitment payments;
◦changes in tax status; and
◦access to debt and equity capital;
•the expected benefits of the merger and integration, including the outcome of shareholder litigation filed against vectren that could reduce anticipated benefits of the merger; as well as the ability to successfully integrate the vectren businesses and to realize anticipated benefits and commercial opportunities; and the development of new opportunities and the performance of projects undertaken by esg, including, among other factors, the level of success in bidding contracts and cancellation and/or reductions in the scope of projects by customers, and obligations related to warranties, guarantees and other contractual and legal obligations;
•the recording of impairment charges;
•industrial, commercial and residential growth in our service territories and changes in market demand, including the demand for our non-utility products and services and effects of energy efficiency measures and demographic patterns;
•timely and appropriate rate actions that allow recovery of costs and a reasonable return on investment;
•future economic conditions in regional and national markets and their effect on sales, prices and costs;
•weather variations and other natural phenomena, including the impact of severe weather events on operations and capital, including impacts from the february 2021 winter storm event;
•the covid-19 pandemic and its effect on our and enable's operations, business and financial condition, our industries and the communities we serve, u.s. and world financial markets and supply chains, potential regulatory actions and changes in customer and stakeholder behaviors relating thereto;
•volatility and a substantial recent decline in the markets for oil and natural gas as a result of the actions of crude-oil exporting nations and the organization of petroleum exporting countries and reduced worldwide consumption due to the covid-19 pandemic;
•state and federal legislative and regulatory actions or developments affecting various aspects of our businesses (including the businesses of enable), including, among others, energy deregulation or re-regulation, pipeline integrity and safety and changes in regulation and legislation pertaining to trade, health care, finance and actions regarding the rates charged by our regulated businesses;
•tax legislation, including the effects of the cares act and of the tcja (which includes but is not limited to any potential changes to tax rates, tax credits and/or interest deductibility), as well as any changes under the biden administration, and uncertainties involving state commissions' and local municipalities' regulatory requirements and determinations regarding the treatment of edit and our rates;
•our ability to mitigate weather impacts through normalization or rate mechanisms, and the effectiveness of such mechanisms;
•actions by credit rating agencies, including any potential downgrades to credit ratings;
•matters affecting regulatory approval, legislative actions, construction, implementation of necessary technology or other issues with respect to major capital projects that result in delays or cancellation or in cost overruns that cannot be recouped in rates;
•the availability and prices of raw materials and services and changes in labor for current and future construction projects and operations and maintenance costs, including our ability to control such costs;
•local, state and federal legislative and regulatory actions or developments relating to the environment, including, among others, those related to global climate change, air emissions, carbon, waste water discharges and the handling and disposal of ccr that could impact the continued operation, cost recovery of generation plant costs and related assets, and centerpoint energy's carbon emissions reduction targets;
•the impact of unplanned facility outages or other closures;
•any direct or indirect effects on our or enable's facilities, operations and financial condition resulting from terrorism, cyber-attacks, data security breaches or other attempts to disrupt our businesses or the businesses of third parties, or other catastrophic events such as fires, ice, earthquakes, explosions, leaks, floods, droughts, hurricanes, tornadoes, pandemic health events or other occurrences;
•our ability to fund and invest planned capital and the timely recovery of our investments, including those related to indiana electric's generation transition plan as part of its most recent irp;
•our ability to successfully construct and operate electric generating facilities, including complying with applicable environmental standards and the implementation of a well-balanced energy and resource mix, as appropriate;
•the sufficiency of our insurance coverage, including availability, cost, coverage and terms and ability to recover claims;
•the investment performance of centerpoint energy's pension and postretirement benefit plans;
•changes in interest rates and their impact on costs of borrowing and the valuation of centerpoint energy's pension benefit obligation;
•commercial bank and financial market conditions, our access to capital, the cost of such capital, and the results of our financing and refinancing efforts, including availability of funds in the debt capital markets;
•changes in rates of inflation;
•inability of various counterparties to meet their obligations to us;
•non-payment for our services due to financial distress of our customers;
•the extent and effectiveness of our and enable's risk management and hedging activities, including, but not limited to financial and weather hedges;
•timely and appropriate regulatory actions, which include actions allowing securitization, for any future hurricanes or natural disasters or other recovery of costs;
•the ability of reps, including rep affiliates of nrg and vistra energy corp., to satisfy their obligations to centerpoint energy and houston electric;
•centerpoint energy's or enable's potential business strategies and strategic initiatives, including the recommendations of the business review and evaluation committee of the board of directors, restructurings, joint ventures and acquisitions or dispositions of assets or businesses, including our proposed sale of our natural gas businesses in arkansas and oklahoma and the enable merger, which we cannot assure will be completed or will have the anticipated benefits to us or enable;
•acquisition and merger activities involving us or our competitors, including the ability to successfully complete merger, acquisition and divestiture plans;
•our or enable's ability to recruit, effectively transition and retain management and key employees and maintain good labor relations;
•the outcome of litigation;
•changes in technology, particularly with respect to efficient battery storage or the emergence or growth of new, developing or alternative sources of generation;
•the impact of alternate energy sources on the demand for natural gas;
•the timing and outcome of any audits, disputes and other proceedings related to taxes;
•the effective tax rates;
•political and economic developments, including energy and environmental policies under the biden administration;
•the transition to a replacement for the libor benchmark interest rate;
•the effect of changes in and application of accounting standards and pronouncements; and
•other factors discussed in "risk factors" in item 1a of this report and in other reports that the registrants file from time to time with the sec.
centerpoint energy consolidated results of operations centerpoint energy's results of operations are affected by seasonal fluctuations in the demand for electricity and natural gas. centerpoint energy's results of operations are also affected by, among other things, the actions of various governmental authorities having jurisdiction over rates its subsidiaries charge, debt service costs, income tax expense, its subsidiaries ability to collect receivables from reps and customers and its ability to recover its regulatory assets. for information regarding factors that may affect the future results of our consolidated operations, please read "risk factors" in item 1a of part i of this report.
income (loss) available to common shareholders for the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018 was as follows:
year ended december 31,                                           favorable (unfavorable)
2020                   2019 (1)                      2018                  2020 to 2019                        2019 to 2018
(in millions)
electric                                       $230                      $419                       $334                     $(189)                                 $85
natural gas                                         278                   251                         98                         27                                 153
total utility operations                        508                       670                        432                      (162)                                 238
midstream investments (2)                   (1,116)                       131                        224                    (1,247)                                (93)
corporate &amp; other (3)                     (159)                     (236)                      (295)                         77                                  59
discontinued operations                       (182)                       109                       (28)                      (291)                                 137
total centerpoint energy                     $(949)                      $674                       $333                   $(1,623)                                $341
(1)includes only february 1, 2019 through december 31, 2019 results of acquired electric and natural gas businesses due to the merger.
(2)for a discussion of earnings from centerpoint energy's equity investment in enable, see note 11 to the consolidated financial statements.
(3)includes energy performance contracting and sustainable infrastructure services through esg, unallocated corporate costs, interest income and interest expense, intercompany eliminations and the reduction of income allocated to preferred shareholders.
2020 compared to 2019
net income.  centerpoint energy reported a loss available to common shareholders of $949 million for 2020 compared to income available to common shareholders of $674 million for 2019.
the decrease in income available to common shareholders of $1,623 million was primarily due to the following key factors:
•the impairment of our investment in enable, our share of enable's impairment of an equity method investment and decreased earnings at enable further discussed in note 11 to the consolidated financial statements;
•the impairment of indiana electric further discussed in note 6 to the consolidated financial statements;
•loss and impairments on held for sale of the infrastructure services and energy services disposal groups;
•impacts related to covid-19; and
•increased preferred stock dividend requirements.
these decreases were partially offset by:
•rate relief;
•continued customer growth;
•operation and maintenance expense discipline; and
•the impact of twelve months in 2020 versus eleven months in 2019 for businesses acquired in the merger.
2019 compared to 2018
net income.  centerpoint energy reported income available to common shareholders of $674 million for 2019 compared to $333 million for 2018.
the increase in income available to common shareholders of $341 million was primarily due to the following key factors:
•gains on marketable securities, net of losses on the underlying value of the indexed debt securities related to the zens;
•the impact of eleven months of results in 2019 for businesses acquired in the merger;
•rate relief;
•continued customer growth; and
•operation and maintenance expense discipline.
these increases were partially offset by:
•increased interest expense primarily resulting from higher outstanding long-term debt used to finance the merger and additional long-term debt acquired in the merger, discussed further in notes 4 and 14 to the consolidated financial statements;
•decreased earnings at enable further discussed in note 11 to the consolidated financial statements; and
•increased preferred stock dividend requirements.
discontinued operations. on february 3, 2020, centerpoint energy, through its subsidiary vusi, entered into the securities purchase agreement to sell the infrastructure services disposal group. accordingly, the previously reported infrastructure services reportable segment has been eliminated. the transaction closed on april 9, 2020. for further information, see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements.
additionally, on february 24, 2020, centerpoint energy, through its subsidiary cerc corp., entered into the equity purchase agreement to sell the energy services disposal group. accordingly, the previously reported energy services reportable segment has been eliminated. the transaction closed on june 1, 2020. for further information, see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements.
income tax expense. for a discussion of effective tax rate per period, see note 15 to the consolidated financial statements.
centerpoint energy's results of operations by reportable segment as of january 1, 2020, centerpoint energy's codm viewed net income as the measure of profit or loss for the reportable segments rather than the previous measure of operating income. segment results include inter-segment interest income and expense, which may result in inter-segment profit and loss. during the fourth quarter of 2020, centerpoint energy's codm requested that the financial information for the electric businesses be presented on an aggregated basis for review, resulting in one electric reportable segment, comprised of houston electric and indiana electric. also, the natural gas distribution reportable segment was renamed natural gas. additionally, during the fourth quarter of 2020, centerpoint energy's codm requested that the cerc corporate functions be included within the financial results of centerpoint energy's natural gas reportable segment for review purposes. certain prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation.
following the divestiture of the infrastructure services and energy services disposal groups, which accounted for a substantial portion of centerpoint energy's non-utility activities, centerpoint energy is now focused on its utility operations conducted through two reportable segments, electric and natural gas, which are collectively referred to herein as utility operations. the following discussion of results of operations by reportable segment concentrates on centerpoint energy's utility operations. a discussion of centerpoint energy's midstream investments reportable segment results is included in the discussion of centerpoint energy's consolidated results above.
electric the following table provides summary data of centerpoint energy's electric reportable segment:
year ended december 31,                                                 favorable (unfavorable)
2020                                                                                                        2019 (1)                              2018                        2020 to 2019                        2019 to 2018
(in millions, except throughput, weather and customer data)
revenues                                                               $3,470                            $3,519                            $3,232                             $(49)                                $287
utility natural gas, fuel and purchased power                             147                               149                                 -                               (2)                                 149
revenues less utility natural gas, fuel and purchased power             3,323                             3,370                             3,232                              (47)                                 138
expenses:
operation and maintenance                                               1,704                             1,656                             1,452                              (48)                               (204)
depreciation and amortization                                             663                               739                               917                                76                                 178
taxes other than income taxes                                             268                               261                               240                               (7)                                (21)
goodwill impairment (2)                                                   185                                 -                                 -                             (185)                                   -
total expenses                                                          2,820                             2,656                             2,609                             (164)                                (47)
operating income                                                          503                               714                               623                             (211)                                  91
other income (expense):
interest and other finance charges                                      (220)                             (225)                             (197)                                 5                                (28)
interest income                                                             3                                27                                 5                              (24)                                  22
other income (expense), net                                                16                               (1)                               (8)                                17                                   7
income before income taxes                                                302                               515                               423                             (213)                                  92
income tax expense (benefit)                                               72                                96                                89                                24                                 (7)
net income                                                               $230                              $419                              $334                            $(189)                                 $85
throughput (in gwh):
residential                                                            32,630                            31,605                            30,405                                 3      %                            4      %
total                                                                  98,647                            96,866                            90,409                                 2      %                            7      %
weather (percentage of normal weather for service area):
cooling degree days                                                       109    %                          109    %                          103    %                            -      %                            6      %
heating degree days                                                        85    %                           96    %                          104    %                         (11)      %                          (8)      %
number of metered customers at end of period:
residential                                                         2,433,474                         2,372,135                         2,198,225                                 3      %                            8      %
total                                                               2,749,116                         2,682,228                         2,485,370                                 2      %                            8      %
(1)includes only february 1, 2019 through december 31, 2019 results of acquired electric businesses due to the merger.
(2)for information related to the goodwill impairment at the indiana electric reporting unit, see note 6 to the consolidated financial statements.
the following table provides variance explanations by major income statement caption for the electric reportable segment:
favorable (unfavorable)
2020 to 2019                        2019 to 2018
(in millions)
revenues less utility natural gas, fuel and purchased power customer rates and impact of the change in rate design                                                                                                           $(289)                                $(4)
impacts of covid-19                                                                                                                                                (40)                                   -
weather impacts and other usage                                                                                                                                    (17)                                (20)
impacts from increased peak demand in 2019, collected in rates in 2020                                                                                               19                                   -
transmission revenues, including tcos and tcrf and impact of the change in rate design, inclusive of costs billed by transmission providers                         363                                  67
refund of protected and unprotected edit, offset in income tax expense                                                                                             (31)                                  15
equity return, related to the annual true-up of transition charges for amounts over or under collected in prior periods                                            (14)                                (29)
customer growth                                                                                                                                                      37                                  28
miscellaneous revenues, primarily related to service connections                                                                                                     11                                  15
ams, offset in depreciation and amortization below                                                                                                                  (3)                                (29)
bond companies                                                                                                                                                    (124)                               (281)
pass-through revenues (offset in operation and maintenance below)                                                                                                     2                                   -
energy efficiency, offset in operation and maintenance                                                                                                                5                                   2
eleven months of incremental margin from the acquisition of indiana electric in 2019                                                                                  -                                 374
twelve months in 2020 versus eleven months in 2019 for indiana electric due to merger                                                                                34                                   -
total                                                                                                                                                             $(47)                                $138
operation and maintenance transmission costs billed by transmission providers, offset in revenues                                                                                           $(61)                               $(57)
labor and benefits                                                                                                                                                  (2)                                  15
contract services                                                                                                                                                    12                                   6
support services                                                                                                                                                   (13)                                  24
all other operation and maintenance expense, including materials and supplies and insurance                                                                          14                                   -
merger related expenses, primarily severance and technology                                                                                                          20                                (10)
bond companies                                                                                                                                                        1                                   1
energy efficiency, offset in revenues                                                                                                                                 -                                 (4)
pass through expenses (offset in revenues less utility natural gas, fuel and purchased power)                                                                       (2)                                   -
eleven months of incremental operation and maintenance from the acquisition of indiana electric in 2019                                                               -                               (179)
twelve months in 2020 versus eleven months in 2019 for indiana electric due to merger                                                                              (17)                                   -
total                                                                                                                                                             $(48)                              $(204)
depreciation and amortization ongoing additions to plant-in-service                                                                                                                             $(31)                               $(19)
ams, offset by revenues                                                                                                                                             (1)                                  28
bond companies                                                                                                                                                      116                                 260
eleven months of incremental depreciation and amortization from acquisition of indiana electric                                                                       -                                (91)
twelve months in 2020 versus eleven months in 2019 for indiana electric due to merger                                                                               (8)                                   -
total                                                                                                                                                               $76                                $178
taxes other than income taxes incremental capital projects placed in service                                                                                                                     $(4)                                $(1)
franchise fees and other taxes                                                                                                                                      (2)                                 (6)
eleven months of incremental taxes from acquired electric utility                                                                                                     -                                (14)
twelve months in 2020 versus eleven months in 2019 for indiana electric                                                                                             (1)                                   -
total                                                                                                                                                              $(7)                               $(21)
goodwill impairment see note 6 for further information                                                                                                                                (185)                                   -
total                                                                                                                                                            $(185)                                  $-
interest expense and other finance charges debt to fund incremental capital projects                                                                                                                          $(5)                               $(25)
bond companies                                                                                                                                                       12                                  19
eleven months of incremental interest expense from acquisition of indiana electric                                                                                    -                                (22)
twelve months in 2020 versus eleven months in 2019 for indiana electric due to merger                                                                               (2)                                   -
total                                                                                                                                                                $5                               $(28)
interest income investments in centerpoint energy money pool                                                    $(20)                $20
bond companies                                                                                  (4)                    2
total                                                                                           $(24)                $22
other income (expense), net reduction to non-service benefit cost                                                           $17                   $2
eleven months of incremental other income (expense) from acquisition of indiana electric        -                      5
total                                                                                           $17                   $7
income tax expense. for a discussion of effective tax rate per period by registrant, see note 15 to the consolidated financial statements.
natural gas the following table provides summary data of centerpoint energy's natural gas reportable segment:
year ended december 31,                                                 favorable (unfavorable)
2020                                                                                                        2019 (1)                              2018                        2020 to 2019                        2019 to 2018
(in millions, except throughput, weather and customer data)
revenues                                                               $3,631                            $3,750                            $3,031                            $(119)                                $719
cost of revenues (2)                                                    1,358                             1,652                             1,504                             (294)                                 148
revenues less cost of revenues                                          2,273                             2,098                             1,527                               175                                 571
expenses:
operation and maintenance                                               1,032                             1,070                               833                                38                               (237)
depreciation and amortization                                             454                               420                               280                              (34)                               (140)
taxes other than income taxes                                             237                               206                               155                              (31)                                (51)
total expenses                                                          1,723                             1,696                             1,268                              (27)                               (428)
operating income                                                          550                               402                               259                               148                                 143
other income (expense)
interest expense and other finance charges                              (153)                             (144)                             (122)                               (9)                                (22)
interest income                                                             8                                 6                                 1                                 2                                   5
other expense, net                                                        (2)                              (11)                               (9)                                 9                                 (2)
income from continuing operations before income taxes                     403                               253                               129                               150                                 124
income tax expense                                                        125                                 2                                31                             (123)                                  29
net income                                                               $278                              $251                               $98                               $27                                $153
throughput (in bcf):
residential                                                               237                               246                               186                               (4)      %                           32      %
commercial and industrial                                                 439                               458                               285                               (4)      %                           61      %
total throughput                                                          676                               704                               471                               (4)      %                           49      %
weather (percentage of 10-year average for service area):
heating degree days                                                        91    %                          101    %                          106    %                         (10)      %                          (5)      %
number of customers at end of period:
residential                                                         4,328,607                         4,252,361                         3,246,277                                 2      %                           31      %
commercial and industrial                                             349,725                           349,749                           260,033                                 -      %                           35      %
total                                                               4,678,332                         4,602,110                         3,506,310                                 2      %                           31      %
(1)includes only february 1, 2019 through december 31, 2019 results of acquired natural gas businesses due to the merger.
(2)includes utility natural gas, fuel and purchased power and non-utility cost of revenues, including natural gas.
the following table provides variance explanations by major income statement caption for the natural gas reportable segment:
favorable (unfavorable)
2020 to 2019                        2019 to 2018
(in millions)
revenues less cost of revenues rate increases exclusive of the tcja impact below                                                                        $108                                 $13
eleven months of incremental margin from acquired ldc businesses in the merger                                              -                                 513
impacts of covid-19                                                                                                      (25)                                   -
weather and usage, excluding impacts from covid-19                                                                          4                                  30
customer growth                                                                                                            20                                  14
refund of protected and unprotected edit, offset in income tax expense                                                    (5)                                   6
twelve months in 2020 versus eleven months in 2019 in indiana and ohio jurisdictions                                       65                                   -
non-volumetric and miscellaneous revenue, excluding impacts from covid-19                                                  15                                   7
energy efficiency, offset in operation and maintenance below                                                              (1)                                (14)
gross receipts tax, offset in taxes other than income taxes below                                                         (6)                                   2
total                                                                                                                    $175                                $571
operation and maintenance labor and benefits                                                                                                       $(1)                                  $-
eleven months of incremental operation and maintenance from acquired ldc businesses in the merger                           -                               (201)
contracted services                                                                                                        20                                   -
support services                                                                                                         (14)                                   8
other operating and maintenance expense, including material and supplies and insurance                                      6                                 (3)
twelve months in 2020 versus eleven months in 2019 in indiana and ohio jurisdictions                                     (14)                                   -
energy efficiency, offset in revenues less cost of revenues above                                                           1                                  14
merger related expenses, primarily severance and technology                                                                40                                (55)
total                                                                                                                     $38                              $(237)
depreciation and amortization incremental capital projects placed in service                                                                          $(23)                               $(12)
eleven months of incremental depreciation from acquired ldc businesses in the merger                                        -                               (128)
twelve months in 2020 versus eleven months in 2019 in indiana and ohio jurisdictions                                     (11)                                   -
total                                                                                                                   $(34)                              $(140)
taxes other than income taxes gross receipts tax, offset in revenues less cost of revenues above                                                         $6                                $(2)
eleven months of incremental taxes from acquired ldc businesses in the merger                                               -                                (45)
twelve months in 2020 versus eleven months in 2019 in indiana and ohio jurisdictions                                      (6)                                   -
incremental capital projects placed in service                                                                           (31)                                 (4)
total                                                                                                                   $(31)                               $(51)
interest expense and other finance charges debt to fund incremental capital projects                                                                                $(9)                               $(22)
total                                                                                                                    $(9)                               $(22)
interest income money pool investments with centerpoint energy                                                                             $2                                  $5
total                                                                                                                      $2                                  $5
other income (expense), net reduction to non-service benefit cost                                                                                      $9                                $(2)
total                                                                                                                      $9                                $(2)
income tax expense. for a discussion of effective tax rate per period by registrant, see note 15 to the consolidated financial statements.
houston electric consolidated results of operations as of january 1, 2020, houston electric's codm viewed net income as the measure of profit or loss for the reportable segments rather than the previous measure of operating income. houston electric consists of a single reportable segment. houston electric's results of operations are affected by seasonal fluctuations in the demand for electricity. houston electric's results of operations are also affected by, among other things, the actions of various governmental authorities having jurisdiction over rates houston electric charges, debt service costs, income tax expense, houston electric's ability to collect receivables from reps and houston electric's ability to recover its regulatory assets. for information regarding factors that may affect the future results of houston electric's consolidated operations, please read "risk factors" in item 1a of part i of this report.
year ended december 31,                                                 favorable (unfavorable)
2020                                                                                                            2019                              2018                        2020 to 2019                        2019 to 2018
(in millions, except throughput, weather and customer data)
revenues                                                               $2,911                            $2,990                            $3,234                             $(79)                              $(244)
expenses:
operation and maintenance                                               1,523                             1,477                             1,452                              (46)                                (25)
depreciation and amortization                                             560                               648                               917                                88                                 269
taxes other than income taxes                                             252                               247                               240                               (5)                                 (7)
total                                                                   2,335                             2,372                             2,609                                37                                 237
operating income                                                          576                               618                               625                              (42)                                 (7)
interest and other finance charges                                      (199)                             (203)                             (197)                                 4                                 (6)
interest income                                                             3                                27                                 5                              (24)                                  22
other income (expense), net                                                 7                               (6)                               (8)                                13                                   2
income before income taxes                                                387                               436                               425                              (49)                                  11
income tax expense (benefit)                                               53                                80                                89                                27                                   9
net income                                                               $334                              $356                              $336                             $(22)                                 $20
throughput (in gwh):
residential                                                            31,244                            30,334                            30,405                                 3      %                            -      %
total                                                                  93,768                            92,180                            90,409                                 2      %                            2      %
weather (percentage of 10-year average for service area):
cooling degree days                                                       110    %                          106    %                          103    %                            4      %                            3      %
heating degree days                                                        72    %                           96    %                          104    %                         (24)      %                          (8)      %
number of metered customers at end of period:
residential                                                         2,303,315                         2,243,188                         2,198,225                                 3      %                            2      %
total                                                               2,599,827                         2,534,286                         2,485,370                                 3      %                            2      %
the following table provides variance explanations by major income statement caption for the houston electric t&d reportable segment:
favorable (unfavorable)
2020 to 2019                        2019 to 2018
(in millions)
revenues customer rates and impact of the change in rate design                                                                                                           $(298)                                $(4)
impacts of covid-19                                                                                                                                                (31)                                   -
weather impacts and other usage                                                                                                                                     (7)                                (28)
impacts from increased peak demand in 2019, collected in rates in 2020                                                                                               19                                   -
transmission revenues, including tcos and tcrf and impact of the change in rate design, inclusive of costs billed by transmission providers                         364                                  67
refund of protected and unprotected edit, offset in income tax expense                                                                                             (32)                                  15
equity return, related to the annual true-up of transition charges for amounts over or under collected in prior periods                                            (14)                                (29)
customer growth                                                                                                                                                      35                                  28
miscellaneous revenues, primarily related to service connections                                                                                                      7                                  15
ams, offset in depreciation and amortization below                                                                                                                  (3)                                (29)
bond companies                                                                                                                                                    (124)                               (281)
energy efficiency, offset in operation and maintenance                                                                                                                5                                   2
total                                                                                                                                                             $(79)                              $(244)
operation and maintenance transmission costs billed by transmission providers, offset in revenues                                                                                           $(61)                               $(57)
labor and benefits                                                                                                                                                  (2)                                  15
contract services                                                                                                                                                     6                                   6
support services                                                                                                                                                    (6)                                  24
all other operation and maintenance expense, including materials and supplies and insurance                                                                          14                                   -
merger related expenses, primarily severance and technology                                                                                                           2                                (10)
bond companies                                                                                                                                                        1                                   1
energy efficiency, offset in revenues                                                                                                                                 -                                 (4)
total                                                                                                                                                             $(46)                               $(25)
depreciation and amortization ongoing additions to plant-in-service                                                                                                                             $(31)                               $(19)
ams, offset by revenues                                                                                                                                               3                                  28
bond companies                                                                                                                                                      116                                 260
total                                                                                                                                                               $88                                $269
taxes other than income taxes incremental capital projects placed in service                                                                                                                     $(4)                                $(1)
franchise fees and other taxes                                                                                                                                      (1)                                 (6)
total                                                                                                                                                              $(5)                                $(7)
interest expense and other finance charges debt to fund incremental capital projects                                                                                                                          $(8)                               $(25)
bond companies                                                                                                                                                       12                                  19
total                                                                                                                                                                $4                                $(6)
interest income investments in centerpoint energy money pool                                                                                                                      $(20)                                 $20
bond companies                                                                                                                                                      (4)                                   2
total                                                                                                                                                             $(24)                                 $22
other income (expense), net reduction to non-service benefit cost                                                                                                                               $13                                  $2
total                                                                                                                                                               $13                                  $2
income tax expense. for a discussion of effective tax rate per period, see note 15 to the consolidated financial statements.
cerc consolidated results of operations as of january 1, 2020, cerc's codm viewed net income as the measure of profit or loss for the reportable segments rather than the previous measure of operating income. during the fourth quarter of 2020, cerc's codm requested that the cerc corporate functions be included within the financial results of cerc's natural gas reportable segment for review purposes. as a result of this change and following the divestiture of the energy services disposal group, cerc now consists of a single reportable segment, natural gas, formerly named natural gas distribution. certain prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation. cerc's results of operations are affected by seasonal fluctuations in the demand for natural gas. cerc's results of operations are also affected by, among other things, the actions of various federal, state and local governmental authorities having jurisdiction over rates cerc charges, debt service costs and income tax expense, cerc's ability to collect receivables from customers and cerc's ability to recover its regulatory assets. for information regarding factors that may affect the future results of cerc's consolidated operations, please read "risk factors" in item 1a of part i of this report.
year ended december 31,                                                 favorable (unfavorable)
2020                                                                                                                                                               2019                              2018                        2020 to 2019                        2019 to 2018
(in millions, except throughput, weather and customer data)
revenues                                                                                                                  $2,763                            $3,018                            $3,031                            $(255)                               $(13)
cost of revenues (1)                                                                                                       1,117                             1,430                             1,504                             (313)                                (74)
revenues less cost of revenues                                                                                             1,646                             1,588                             1,527                                58                                  61
expenses:
operation and maintenance                                                                                                    798                               824                               833                                26                                   9
depreciation and amortization                                                                                                304                               293                               280                              (11)                                (13)
taxes other than income taxes                                                                                                182                               161                               155                              (21)                                 (6)
total expenses                                                                                                             1,284                             1,278                             1,268                               (6)                                (10)
operating income                                                                                                             362                               310                               259                                52                                  51
other income (expense)
interest expense and other finance charges                                                                                 (111)                             (116)                             (122)                                 5                                   6
interest income                                                                                                                -                                 5                                 1                               (5)                                   4
other income (expense), net                                                                                                  (7)                              (13)                               (9)                                 6                                 (4)
income from continuing operations before income taxes                                                                        244                               186                               129                                58                                  57
income tax expense (benefit)                                                                                                  97                               (3)                                31                             (100)                                  34
income from continuing operations                                                                                            147                               189                                98                              (42)                                  91
income (loss) from discontinued operations (net of tax expense (benefit) of $(2), $17, and $37, respectively)               (66)                                23                               110                              (89)                                (87)
net income                                                                                                                   $81                              $212                              $208                            $(131)                                  $4
throughput (in bcf):
residential                                                                                                                  167                               188                               186                              (11)      %                            1      %
commercial and industrial                                                                                                    260                               292                               285                              (11)      %                            2      %
total throughput                                                                                                             427                               480                               471                              (11)      %                            2      %
weather (percentage of 10-year average for service area):
heating degree days                                                                                                           91    %                          101    %                          106    %                         (10)      %                          (5)      %
number of customers at end of period:
residential                                                                                                            3,349,828                         3,287,343                         3,246,277                                 2      %                            1      %
commercial and industrial                                                                                                260,400                           260,872                           260,033                                 -      %                            -      %
total                                                                                                                  3,610,228                         3,548,215                         3,506,310                                 2      %                            1      %
(1)includes utility natural gas and non-utility cost of revenues, including natural gas.
discontinued operations. on february 24, 2020, centerpoint energy, through its subsidiary cerc corp., entered into the equity purchase agreement to sell the energy services disposal group. accordingly, the previously reported energy services reportable segment has been eliminated. the transaction closed on june 1, 2020. for further information, see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements.
the following table provides variance explanations by major income statement caption for cerc's natural gas reportable segment:
favorable (unfavorable)
2020 to 2019                        2019 to 2018
(in millions)
revenues less cost of revenues rate increases exclusive of the tcja impact below                                                             $62                                 $13
impacts of covid-19                                                                                          (22)                                   -
weather and usage, excluding impacts from covid-19                                                              2                                  30
refund of protected and unprotected edit, offset in income tax expense                                        (4)                                   6
customer growth                                                                                                14                                  14
non-volumetric and miscellaneous revenue, excluding impacts from covid-19                                      18                                  11
energy efficiency, offset in operation and maintenance below                                                  (8)                                (14)
gross receipts tax, offset in taxes other than income taxes below                                             (4)                                   1
total                                                                                                         $58                                 $61
operation and maintenance labor and benefits, primarily due to headcount                                                               $(4)                               $(15)
contracted services                                                                                            24                                   -
support services                                                                                              (6)                                   8
other operation and maintenance expense, including material and supplies and insurance                          4                                  12
energy efficiency, offset in revenues less cost of revenues above                                               8                                  14
merger related expenses, primarily severance and technology                                                     -                                (10)
total                                                                                                         $26                                  $9
depreciation and amortization incremental capital projects placed in service                                                              $(11)                               $(13)
total                                                                                                       $(11)                               $(13)
taxes other than income taxes gross receipts tax, offset in revenues less cost of revenues above                                             $4                                $(2)
incremental capital projects placed in service                                                               (25)                                 (4)
total                                                                                                       $(21)                                $(6)
interest expense and other finance charges debt to fund incremental capital projects                                                                      $5                                  $6
total                                                                                                          $5                                  $6
interest income money pool investments with centerpoint energy                                                               $(5)                                  $4
total                                                                                                        $(5)                                  $4
other income (expense), net reduction to non-service benefit cost                                                                          $6                                $(4)
total                                                                                                          $6                                $(4)
income tax expense. for a discussion of effective tax rate per period, see note 15 to the consolidated financial statements.
liquidity and capital resources historical cash flows the net cash provided by (used in) operating, investing and financing activities for 2020, 2019 and 2018 is as follows:
year ended december 31,
2020                                                                                                                   2019                                                                                                                                                                             2018
centerpoint energy                 houston electric                   cerc                  centerpoint energy                 houston electric                   cerc                  centerpoint energy                 houston electric                   cerc
(in millions)
cash provided by (used in):
operating activities                         $1,995                              $899                       $729                         $1,638                              $918                       $466                         $2,136                            $1,115                       $814
investing activities                        (1,265)                             (564)                      (452)                        (8,421)                           (1,495)                      (662)                        (1,207)                             (911)                      (697)
financing activities                          (834)                             (416)                      (278)                          2,776            442                                           173                          3,053                             (108)                      (104)
operating activities. the following items contributed to increased (decreased) net cash provided by operating activities:
year ended december 31,
2020 compared to 2019                                                                        2019 compared to 2018
centerpoint energy                      houston                      cerc                  centerpoint energy               houston                               cerc electric                                                                             electric
(in millions)
changes in net income after adjusting for non-cash items                 $(1,869)                           $(129)                       $(3)                           $299                        $(234)                              $9
changes in working capital                                                    726                               98                        227                          (856)            60                                           (320)
change in equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates                   1,658                                -                          -       77                                              -                184
change in distributions from unconsolidated affiliates (1)                  (148)                                -                          -                            (6)                        -                                (176)
higher pension contribution                                                    23                                -                          -                           (40)                        -                                    -
other                                                                        (33)                               12                         39       28                                              (23)                              (45)
$357                            $(19)                       $263                         $(498)                        $(197)                          $(348)
(1)this change is partially offset by the change in distributions from enable in excess of cumulative earnings in investing activities noted in the table below.
investing activities. the following items contributed to (increased) decreased net cash used in investing activities:
year ended december 31,
2020 compared to 2019                                                                      2019 compared to 2018
centerpoint energy                    houston                      cerc                  centerpoint energy               houston                      cerc electric                                                                             electric
(in millions)
proceeds from the sale of marketable securities                                         $-                             $-                         $-                         $(398)                        $-                           $-
proceeds from the sale of assets                                                       (5)                              -                          -                              5                        -                            -
purchase of investments                                                                  6                              -                          -                            (6)                        -                            -
acquisitions, net of cash acquired                                                   5,991                              -                          -                        (5,991)                        -                            -
net change in capital expenditures (1)                                                (90)                           (33)                       (39)                          (855)                        (103)                        (143)
net change in notes receivable from unconsolidated affiliates                            -                            962                      (123)                              -                        (481)            228
change in distributions from enable in excess of cumulative earnings                    38                              -                          -                             12                        -                            (47)
proceeds from divestitures                                                           1,215                              -                        365                              -                        -                            -
other                                                                                    1                              2                          7                             19                        -                            (3)
$7,156                           $931                       $210                       $(7,214)                        $(584)                       $35
(1)the increase in capital expenditures in 2019 primarily resulted from businesses acquired in the merger.
financing activities. the following items contributed to (increased) decreased net cash used in financing activities:
year ended december 31,
2020 compared to 2019                                                                                                                                2019 compared to 2018
centerpoint energy                            houston                        cerc                  centerpoint energy                    houston                      cerc electric                                                                                   electric
(in millions)
net changes in commercial paper outstanding                                   $(2,652)                                      $-                       $(197)                         $3,434                             $-                       $855
proceeds from issuances of preferred stock, net                               723                                            -                            -                        (1,740)                              -                          -
proceeds from issuance of common stock, net                                   672                                            -                            -                        (1,844)                              -                          -
net changes in long-term debt outstanding, excluding commercial paper         (2,539)                                    (170)                         (93)                          (397)                            274                      (599)
net changes in debt and equity issuance costs                                 12                                             5                          (4)                             27                            (4)                          5
net changes in short-term borrowings                                          -                                              -                            -                             39                              -                         39
distributions to zens note holders                                            -                                              -                            -                            398                              -                          -
decreased (increased) payment of common stock dividends                       185                                            -                            -                           (78)                              -                          -
increased payment of preferred stock dividends                                (19)                                           -                            -                          (107)                              -                          -
net change in notes payable from affiliated companies                         -                                              9                            -                              -                             58                        570
contribution from parent                                                      -                                          (528)                           88                              -                            390                      (831)
dividend to parent                                                            -                                          (175)                           40                              -                          (167)                        240
capital contribution to parent associated with the sale of ces                -                                              -                        (286)                              -                              -                          -
other                                                                         8                                              1                            1                            (9)                            (1)                        (2)
$(3,610)                                  $(858)                       $(451)                         $(277)                           $550                       $277
future sources and uses of cash the liquidity and capital requirements of the registrants are affected primarily by results of operations, capital expenditures, debt service requirements, tax payments, working capital needs and various regulatory actions. capital expenditures are expected to be used for investment in infrastructure for electric and natural gas distribution operations. these capital expenditures are anticipated to maintain reliability and safety, increase resiliency and expand our systems through value-added projects. in addition to dividend payments on centerpoint energy's series a preferred stock, series b preferred stock, series c preferred stock and common stock, and in addition to interest payments on debt, the registrants' principal anticipated cash requirements for 2021 include the following:
centerpoint energy                 houston electric            cerc
(in millions)
estimated capital expenditures                                                                  $3,379                            $1,721                    $986
scheduled principal payments on securitization bonds                                               211                               211                    -
minimum contributions to pension plans and other post-retirement plans                              70                                 1                          3
maturing centerpoint energy term loans                                                             700                                 -                    -
maturing centerpoint energy and vuhi senior notes                                                  555                                 -                    -
maturing houston electric first mortgage bonds                                                     102                               102                    -
maturing houston electric general mortgage bonds                                                   300                               300                    -
february 2021 winter storm event. in february 2021, portions of the united states experienced an extreme and unprecedented winter weather event resulting in corresponding electricity generation shortages, including in texas, and natural gas shortages and increased prices of natural gas in the united states. as a result of this weather event, the governors of texas, oklahoma and louisiana have declared states of either disaster or emergencies in their respective states. subsequently, president biden also approved major disaster declarations for all or parts of texas, oklahoma and louisiana.
as a result of the february 2021 winter storm event, from february 12, 2021 to february 22, 2021, management estimates centerpoint energy spent approximately an incremental $2.5 billion more on natural gas supplies compared to plan (inclusive of an incremental $2.3 billion more spent by cerc on natural gas supplies compared to plan). these amounts are preliminary estimates through february 23, 2021 and are subject to final settlement. on february 13, 2021, the railroad commission authorized each texas natural gas distribution utility to record in a regulatory asset the extraordinary expenses associated with the february 2021 winter storm event, including, but not limited to, natural gas cost and other costs related to the procurement and transportation of natural gas supply, subject to recovery in future proceedings. centerpoint energy's and cerc's natural gas utilities in their jurisdictions outside of texas have natural gas cost recovery mechanisms to recover the increased cost of natural gas. while centerpoint energy and cerc will seek to recover the increased costs from its customers (although neither full recovery nor the timing of that recovery is certain), in the interim, centerpoint energy and cerc will seek additional external financing to pay for such natural gas working capital, which may consist of short and long-term debt, but such external financing may not be available on favorable terms or at all. on february 24, 2021, cerc received financing commitments totaling $1.7 billion on a 364-day term loan facility to bridge this working capital need. cerc will evaluate whether to execute of this facility or other potential financing alternatives. management believes that these commitments, along with existing sources of liquidity, provide cerc with sufficient capital to address the anticipated settlement of natural gas purchases, including the associated upstream supply charges, at the end of march 2021. any additional external debt financing and/or partial or delayed recovery may negatively impact centerpoint energy's or cerc's credit metrics, and may lead to a downgrade of centerpoint energy's or cerc's credit rating.
although centerpoint energy's and cerc's excess costs from the increase in natural gas prices are mitigated by available natural gas recovery mechanisms in their jurisdictions, until such amounts are ultimately recovered from customers, centerpoint energy and cerc will continue to incur increased finance-related costs, resulting in a significant use of cash. see note 22 to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
the registrants expect that anticipated 2021 cash needs will be met with borrowings under their credit facilities, proceeds from the issuance of long-term debt, term loans or common stock, anticipated cash flows from operations, with respect to centerpoint energy and cerc, proceeds from commercial paper, with respect to centerpoint energy, distributions from enable until the closing of the enable merger expected in the second half of 2021, including any proceeds therefrom, distributions from energy transfer or proceeds from dispositions of energy transfer common units or energy transfer series g preferred units after the closing of the enable merger, and, with respect to cerc, proceeds from any potential asset sales, including the potential dispositions of our natural gas businesses in arkansas and oklahoma, should such dispositions close in 2021. discretionary financing or refinancing may result in the issuance of equity securities of centerpoint energy or debt securities of the registrants in the capital markets or the arrangement of additional credit facilities or term bank loans. issuances of equity or debt in the capital markets, funds raised in the commercial paper markets and additional credit facilities may not, however, be available on acceptable terms.
the following table sets forth the registrants' actual capital expenditures by reportable segment for 2020 and estimates of the registrants' capital expenditures currently planned for projects for 2021 through 2025:
2020                                                                   2021                    2022                    2023                    2024                    2025
centerpoint energy                                                                                                                                            (in millions)
electric                                  $1,281                  $1,960                  $1,828                  $1,996                  $1,850                  $1,434
natural gas                                1,139                   1,402                   1,291                   1,762                   1,479                   1,593
corporate and other                           95                      17                      23                      34                      32                      27
discontinued operations (1) (3)               21                       -                       -                       -                       -                       -
total                                     $2,536                  $3,379                  $3,142                  $3,792                  $3,361                  $3,054
houston electric (2)                      $1,021                  $1,721                  $1,513                  $1,210                  $1,093                  $1,283
cerc natural gas                                 $797                    $986                    $848                  $1,250                    $944                  $1,035
discontinued operations (1)                    3                       -                       -                       -                       -                       -
total                                       $800                    $986                    $848                  $1,250                    $944                  $1,035
(1)on february 24, 2020, centerpoint energy, through its subsidiary cerc corp., entered into the equity purchase agreement to sell the energy services disposal group, which represents substantially all of the businesses within the historically reported energy services reportable segment. the transaction closed on june 1, 2020. for further information, see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements.
(2) houston electric consists of a single reportable segment, houston electric t&d.
(3)on february 3, 2020, centerpoint energy, through its subsidiary vusi, entered into the securities purchase agreement to sell the businesses within the infrastructure services disposal group. the transaction closed on april 9, 2020. for further information, see notes 4 to the consolidated financial statements.
the following table sets forth estimates of the registrants' contractual obligations as of december 31, 2020, including payments due by period:
contractual obligations                                             total                    2021                  2022-2023                  2024-2025                 2026 and thereafter
(in millions)
centerpoint energy securitization bonds                                             $747                     $211                    $375                       $161                               $-
other long-term debt (1)                                       12,710                    1,669                   2,885                      1,074                            7,082
interest payments - securitization bonds (2)                       50                       22                      24                          4                                -
interest payments - other long-term debt (2)                    5,904                      435                     778                        684                            4,007
short-term borrowings                                              24                       24                       -                          -                                -
operating leases (3)                                               37                        8                      12                          7                               10
benefit obligations (4)                                             -                        -                       -                          -                                -
non-trading derivative liabilities                                 30                        3                      13                          3                               11
commodity and other commitments (5)                             4,631                      725                   1,029                        947                            1,930
total contractual cash obligations (6)                        $24,133                   $3,097                  $5,116                     $2,880                          $13,040
houston electric securitization bonds                                             $747                     $211                    $375                       $161                               $-
other long-term debt (1)                                        4,272                      402                     500                          -                            3,370
interest payments - securitization bonds (2)                       50                       22                      24                          4                                -
interest payments - other long-term debt (2)                    2,997                      163                     303                        274                            2,257
operating leases (3)                                                1                        1                       -                          -                                -
benefit obligations (4)                                             -                        -                       -                          -                                -
total contractual cash obligations (6)                         $8,067                     $799                  $1,202                       $439                           $5,627
cerc long-term debt                                                 $2,428                       $-                    $647                         $-                           $1,781
interest payments - long-term debt (1)                          1,333                       88                     169                        153                              923
short-term borrowings                                              24                       24                       -                          -                                -
operating leases (3)                                               24                        4                       8                          5                                7
benefit obligations (4)                                             -                        -                       -                          -                                -
commodity and other commitments (5)                             3,122                      491                     603                        481                            1,547
total contractual cash obligations (6)                         $6,931                     $607                  $1,427                       $639                           $4,258
(1)zens obligations are included in the 2026 and thereafter column at their contingent principal amount of $56 million as of december 31, 2020. these obligations are exchangeable for cash at any time at the option of the holders for 95% of the current value of the reference shares attributable to each zens ($871 million as of december 31, 2020), as discussed in note 12 to the consolidated financial statements.
(2)the registrants calculated estimated interest payments for long-term debt as follows: for fixed-rate debt and term debt, the registrants calculated interest based on the applicable rates and payment dates; for variable-rate debt and/or non-term debt, the registrants used interest rates in place as of december 31, 2020. the registrants typically expect to settle such interest payments with cash flows from operations and short-term borrowings.
(3)for a discussion of operating leases, please read note 21 to the consolidated financial statements.
(4)see note 8(g) to the consolidated financial statements for information on the registrants' expected contributions to pension plans and other postretirement plans in 2021.
(5)for a discussion of commodity and other commitments, please read note 16(a) to the consolidated financial statements.
(6)this table does not include estimated future payments for expected future aros. these payments are primarily estimated to be incurred after 2026. see note 3(c) to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
off-balance sheet arrangements other than houston electric's first mortgage bonds and general mortgage bonds issued as collateral for tax-exempt long-term debt of centerpoint energy (see note 14 to the consolidated financial statements) and operating leases, the registrants have no off-balance sheet arrangements.
regulatory matters covid-19 regulatory matters governors, public utility commissions and other authorities in the states in which we operate have issued a number of different orders related to the covid-19 pandemic, including orders addressing customer non-payment and disconnection. while certain jurisdictions are subject to mandatory stay-at-home and similar orders, essential businesses and activities are exempted from these orders, including utility operations and maintenance. accordingly, centerpoint energy's crews continue to provide essential service by responding to calls, completing work orders and undertaking other critical work. to protect our customers and employees, we have implemented covid-19 safety precautions. although the disconnect moratoriums have either expired or may expire during the second quarter of 2021 in certain of the registrants' service territories, centerpoint energy continues to support those customers who may need payment assistance, arrangements or extensions. we will continue to monitor developments in this area and adjust our response as guidelines and circumstances may require. additionally, while we have not experienced delays to date due to covid-19 with respect to our regulatory proceedings, we could experience significant delays in scheduling proceedings or hearings and in obtaining orders from regulatory agencies.
on march 26, 2020, the puct issued two orders related to covid-19 issues that affect houston electric. first, the puct issued an order related to accrual of regulatory assets granting authority for utilities to record as a regulatory asset costs resulting from the effects of covid-19. in the order, the puct noted that it will consider whether a utility's request for recovery of the regulatory asset is reasonable and necessary in a future proceeding. second, the puct issued an order related to covid-19 erp, as modified, which, in light of the disaster declarations issued by the governor of texas, authorized a customer assistance program for certain residential customers of electric service in areas of texas open to customer choice, which includes houston electric's service territory. the order included several requirements for transmission and distribution utilities (including houston electric):
▪transmission and distribution utilities must file a tariff rider to collect funds to reimburse costs related to unpaid bills from eligible residential customers unemployed due to the impacts of covid-19. the rider is based on $0.33 per mw hour ($0.00033 per kw hour) to be applied to all customer classes. houston electric filed its updated tariff implementing the rider on march 31, 2020, which was approved by the puct on april 2, 2020.
▪transmission and distribution utilities entered into no-interest loan agreements with ercot to provide for an initial fund balance for reimbursement. on april 13, 2020, in connection with the puct's covid-19 erp, houston electric entered into a no-interest loan agreement with ercot pursuant to which ercot loaned houston electric approximately $5 million.
▪the fund administered by each transmission and distribution utility for the covid-19 erp can also receive donations and grants from governmental entities, corporations, and other entities. any funds received from other sources shall be administered and treated in the same manner by the transmission and distribution utilities as the funds in the program from the rider.
▪transmission and distribution utilities may petition the puct for changes to the covid-19 erp, including the level of the rider in the event that the funds collected are not sufficient to cover reimbursements.
▪reps will identify eligible customers to the relevant transmission and distribution utilities, and the transmission and distribution utilities will cease charging reps for associated delivery charges, except securitization related charges.
reps will cease submitting disconnection for non-payment orders to transmission and distribution utilities for eligible customers.
▪the funds collected through the rider will be used to reimburse the following entities and costs: reps' energy charges related to eligible residential customers with an unpaid, past due electric bill subject to a disconnection for non-payment notice (reimbursement amounts are based on an average energy cost of $0.04 per kw hour); transmission and distribution utilities' delivery charges related to eligible residential customers with an unpaid, past due electric bill subject to a disconnection for non-payment notice; the third-party administrator to cover its reasonable costs of administering the covid-19 erp eligibility process; and ercot for the loan to the transmission and distribution utilities.
▪reps will submit one spreadsheet with reimbursement claims to transmission and distribution utilities beginning on april 30, 2020 and all subsequent requests that may be made on the 15th of each month, and transmission and distribution utilities will process reimbursement payments within 14 days.
▪transmission and distribution utilities will prepare reports and file them at the puct every 30 days showing aggregate amounts of reimbursements to the transmission and distribution utilities and reps.
the puct issued an order on august 27, 2020 to conclude the covid-19 erp. the puct determined that enrollment in the covid-19 erp would end on august 31, 2020, and benefits under the program ended on september 30, 2020. final claims for reimbursement were required to be submitted to transmission and distribution utilities by november 30, 2020. final program reports were required to be submitted to the puct by january 15, 2021. the transmission and distribution utilities riders remained in place and reimbursements continued after the end of the covid-19 erp to complete any remaining covid-19 erp cost recovery and disburse all reimbursement amounts or remaining balances.
commissions in all of indiana electric's and centerpoint energy's and cerc's natural gas service territories have either (1) issued orders to record a regulatory asset for incremental bad debt expenses related to covid-19, including costs associated with the suspension of disconnections and payment plans or (2) provided authority to recover bad debt expense through an existing tracking mechanism.
in some of the states in which the registrants operate, public utility commissions have authorized utilities to employ deferred accounting authority for certain covid-19 related costs which ensure the safety and health of customers, employees, and contractors, that would not have been incurred in the normal course of business. cerc's natural gas service territories in minnesota and arkansas will include any offsetting savings in the deferral. other jurisdictions where the registrants operate may require them to offset the deferral with savings as well.
houston electric base rate case (centerpoint energy and houston electric)
on april 5, 2019, and subsequently adjusted in errata filings in may and june 2019, houston electric filed its base rate application with the puct and the cities in its service area to change its rates, seeking approval for revenue increases of approximately $194 million, among other requests. on january 23, 2020, houston electric filed a stipulation and settlement agreement with the puct that provides for the following, among other things:
•an overall revenue requirement increase of approximately $13 million;
•an roe of 9.4%;
•a capital structure of 57.5% debt/42.5% equity;
•a refund of unprotected edit of $105 million plus carrying costs over approximately 30-36 months; and
•recovery of all retail transmission related costs through the tcrf.
also, houston electric is not required to make a one-time refund of capital recovery from its tcos and dcrf mechanisms. future tcos filings will take into account both adfit and edit until the final order from houston electric's next base rate proceeding. no rate base items are required to be written off; however, approximately $12 million in rate case expenses were written off in 2019. a base rate application must be filed for houston electric no later than four years from the date of the puct's final order in the proceeding. additionally, houston electric will not file a dcrf in 2020, nor will a subsequent separate proceeding with the puct be instituted regarding edit on houston electric's securitized assets. furthermore, under the terms of the stipulation and settlement agreement, houston electric agreed to adopt certain ring-fencing measures to increase its financial separateness from centerpoint energy but left the determination of whether to impose a dividend restriction up to the puct. the puct approved the stipulation and settlement agreement at its february 14, 2020
open meeting and issued a final order on march 9, 2020. the puct declined to impose a dividend restriction in the final order. the rates were implemented on april 23, 2020.
centerpoint energy and houston electric record pre-tax expense for (i) probable disallowances of capital investments and (ii) customer refund obligations and costs deferred in regulatory assets when recovery of such amounts is no longer considered probable.
bailey to jones creek project (centerpoint energy and houston electric)
in april 2017, houston electric submitted a proposal to ercot requesting its endorsement of the freeport area master plan, which included the bailey to jones creek project. on november 21, 2019, the puct issued its final approval of houston electric's certificate of convenience and necessity application, based on an unopposed settlement agreement under which houston electric would construct the project at an estimated cost of approximately $483 million. the actual capital costs of the project will depend on land acquisition costs, construction costs, minor changes to the routing of the line to mitigate environmental and other land use impacts, structure design to address soil and coastal wind conditions, and other factors. in april 2020, a federal court vacated the army corps of engineers nationwide permit 12, which houston electric intended to use for the project. as a result, houston electric filed its individual permit application with the army corps of engineers in accordance with the federal court decision. however, subsequent to filing the individual permit application, the federal court stayed the effectiveness of its order as it applied to the construction of transmission lines such as the bailey to jones creek project. in july 2020, the stay was extended by the u.s. supreme court to apply to a broader range of infrastructure projects and is expected to last through the full appellate process. as a result, the army corps of engineers proceeded with project review under the general nationwide permit 12 permit and authorized construction in the impacted areas in november 2020. houston electric commenced pre-construction activities on the project in 2019, began construction in 2021 and anticipates completing construction and energizing the line before the end of 2021.
space city solar transmission interconnection project (centerpoint energy and houston electric)
on december 17, 2020, houston electric filed a certificate of convenience and necessity application with the puct for approval to build a 345 kv transmission line in wharton county, texas connecting the hillje substation on houston electric's transmission system to the planned 610 mw space city solar generation facility being developed by third-party developer edf renewables. depending on the route ultimately approved by the puct, the estimated capital cost of the transmission line project ranges from approximately $23 million to $71 million. the actual capital costs of the project will depend on actual land acquisition costs, construction costs, and other factors in addition to route selection. in january 2021, houston electric executed a standard generation interconnection agreement for the space city solar generation facility with edf renewables, which also provided security for the transmission line project in the form of a $23 million letter of credit, the amount of which is subject to change depending on the route approved. the puct is required to issue its final approval on the transmission line project no later than december 2021. subject to puct approval, houston electric expects to complete construction and energization of the transmission line by june 2022.
minnesota base rate case (centerpoint energy and cerc)
on october 28, 2019, cerc filed a general rate case with the mpuc seeking approval for a revenue increase of approximately $62 million with a projected test year ended december 31, 2020. the revenue increase is based upon a requested roe of 10.15% and an overall after-tax rate of return of 7.41% on a total rate base of approximately $1,307 million. cerc implemented interim rates reflecting $53 million for gas used on and after january 1, 2020. in september 2020, a settlement that addressed all issues except the inclusive financing/tariffed on bill financing (tob) proposal by the city of minneapolis was signed by a majority of all parties and was filed with the office of administrative hearings. a stipulation between the city of minneapolis and cerc addressing the tob proposal was filed on september 2, 2020. the settlement reflects a $38.5 million increase and was based on an overall after-tax rate of return of 6.86% and does not specify individual cost of capital components. on january 14, 2021, the mpuc verbally approved the $38.5 million increase and decided not to include the tob proposal in the current case, but recommended a new docket be established to gather further information and stakeholder input. a written final order is expected in march 2021.
indiana north base rate case (centerpoint energy)
on december 18, 2020, indiana north filed its base rate case with the iurc seeking approval for a revenue increase of approximately $21 million. this rate case filing is required under indiana tdsic statutory requirements before the completion of indiana north's capital expenditure program, approved in 2014 for investments starting in 2014 through 2020. the revenue increase is based upon a requested roe of 10.15% and an overall after-tax rate of return of 6.32% on total rate base of approximately $1,611 million. indiana north has utilized a projected test year, reflecting its 2021 budget as the basis for the revenue increase requested, and proposes to implement rates in two phases. the first phase of rate implementation will occur as of the date of an order in this proceeding, expected in october 2021, and the second phase of rate implementation will occur at the completion of the test year, as of december 31, 2021. under indiana statutory requirements, the iurc has a minimum of 300 days and maximum of 360 days from the date of the filing of indiana north's case-in-chief to issue an order.
indiana south base rate case (centerpoint energy)
on october 30, 2020, and as subsequently amended, indiana south filed its base rate case with the iurc seeking approval for a revenue increase of approximately $29 million. this rate case filing is required under indiana tdsic statutory requirements before the completion of indiana south's capital expenditure program, approved in 2014 for investments starting in 2014 through 2020. the revenue increase is based upon a requested roe of 10.15% and an overall after-tax rate of return of 5.99% on total rate base of approximately $469 million. indiana south has utilized a projected test year, reflecting its 2021 budget as the basis for the revenue increase requested, and proposes to implement rates in two phases. the first phase of rate implementation will occur as of the date of an order in this proceeding, expected in september 2021, and the second phase of rate implementation will occur at the completion of the test year, as of december 31, 2021. under indiana statutory requirements, the iurc has a minimum 300 days and maximum of 360 days from the date of the filing of indiana south's case-in-chief to issue an order. intervenor testimony was filed with the iurc on february 19, 2021. indiana south's rebuttal testimony is due to be filed with the iurc by march 19, 2021.
indiana electric generation project (centerpoint energy)
indiana electric must either (i) make substantial investments in its existing generation resources to comply with environmental regulations or (ii) replace its existing generation with new resources. indiana requires each electric utility to perform and submit an irp every three years (unless extended) to the iurc that uses economic modeling to consider the costs and risks associated with available resource options to provide reliable electric service for the next 20-year period. on february 20, 2018, indiana electric filed a petition seeking authorization from the iurc to construct a new 700-850 mw natural gas combined cycle generating facility to replace the baseload capacity of its existing generation fleet at an approximate cost of $900 million, which included the cost of a new natural gas pipeline to serve the plant.
as a part of this same proceeding, indiana electric also sought recovery under indiana senate bill 251 of costs to be incurred for environmental investments to be made at its f.b. culley generating plant to comply with elg and ccr rules. the f.b. culley investments, estimated to be approximately $95 million, began in 2019 and will allow the f.b. culley unit 3 generating facility to comply with environmental requirements and continue to provide generating capacity to indiana electric's customers. under indiana senate bill 251, indiana electric sought authority to recover 80% of the approved costs, including a return, using a tracking mechanism, with the remaining 20% of the costs deferred for recovery in indiana electric's next base rate proceeding.
on april 24, 2019, the iurc issued an order approving the environmental investments proposed for the f.b. culley generating facility, along with recovery of prior pollution control investments made in 2014. the order denied the proposed gas combined cycle generating facility. indiana electric has conducted a new irp, which was submitted to the iurc in june 2020, to identify an appropriate generation resource portfolio that includes the replacement of 730 mw of coal-fired generation facilities with a significant buildout of renewables supported by dispatchable natural gas combustion turbines.
indiana electric a.b. brown ash pond remediation (centerpoint energy)
on august 14, 2019, indiana electric filed a petition with the iurc, seeking approval, as a federally mandated project, for the recovery of costs associated with the clean closure of the a.b. brown ash pond pursuant to indiana senate bill 251. this project, expected to last approximately 14 years, would result in the full excavation and recycling of the ponded ash through agreements with a beneficial reuse entity, totaling approximately $160 million. under indiana senate bill 251, indiana electric seeks authority to recover via a tracking mechanism 80% of the approved costs, with a return on eligible capital investments needed to allow for the extraction of the ponded ash, with the remaining 20% of the costs deferred for recovery in indiana electric's next base rate proceeding. on december 19, 2019 and subsequently on january 10, 2020, indiana electric filed a settlement agreement with the intervening parties whereby the costs would be recovered as requested, with an additional commitment by indiana electric to offset the federally mandated costs by at least $25 million, representing a combination of total cash proceeds received from the ash reuser and total insurance proceeds to be received from indiana electric's insurers under confidential settlement agreements of litigation filed against the insurers. on may 13, 2020, the iurc approved the settlement agreement in full. on october 28, 2020, the iurc approved indiana electric's eca proceeding, which included the initiation of recovery of the federally mandated project costs.
rate change applications the registrants are routinely involved in rate change applications before state regulatory authorities. those applications include general rate cases, where the entire cost of service of the utility is assessed and reset. in addition, houston electric is periodically involved in proceedings to adjust its capital tracking mechanisms (tcos and dcrf) and annually files to adjust its eecrf. cerc is periodically involved in proceedings to adjust its capital tracking mechanisms in texas (grip), its cost of service adjustments in arkansas, louisiana, mississippi and oklahoma (frp, rsp, rra and pbrc, respectively), its decoupling mechanism in minnesota, and its energy efficiency cost trackers in arkansas, minnesota, mississippi and oklahoma (eecr, cip, eecr and eecr, respectively). centerpoint energy is periodically involved in proceedings to adjust its capital tracking mechanisms in indiana (csia for gas and tdsic for electric) and ohio (drr), its decoupling mechanism in indiana (src for gas), and its energy efficiency cost trackers in indiana (eefc for gas and dsma for electric) and ohio (eefr).
the table below reflects significant applications pending or completed since the registrants' combined 2019 form 10-k was filed with the sec.
mechanism                                         annual increase (decrease) (1)(in millions)                              filing                  effective date                      approval date                       additional information date centerpoint energy and houston electric (puct)
eecrf                                                                                     $11                                june                  march                               october 2020                        the requested amount is comprised primarily of the following: 2021 program and evaluation, measurement and verification costs of $39 million, 2019 over recovery of ($1) million and 2019 earned bonus of $12 million. a settlement was approved in october 2020 consisting of 2021 program and evaluation, measurement and verification costs of $39 million, 2019 over recovery of ($1) million, 2019 earned bonus of $11 million and a black box reduction to revenue requirement of ($1) million.
2020                  2021
rate case                                                                                  13                               april                  april                               march 2020                          see discussion above under houston electric base rate case.
2019                  2020
tcos                                                                                       17                          march 2020                  may                                 may                                 based on net change in invested capital of $204 million.
2020                                2020
tcos                                                                                       16                                july                  september 2020                      september 2020                      based on net change in invested capital of $140 million.
2020
centerpoint energy and cerc - beaumont/east texas (railroad commission)
rate case                                                                                   4                            november                  november 2020                       june                                unanimous settlement agreement approved by the railroad commission in june 2020 provides for a $4 million annual increase in current revenues, a refund for an unprotected edit rider amortized over three years of which $2 million is refunded in the first year and establishes a 9.65% roe and a 56.95% equity ratio for future grip filings for the beaumont/east texas jurisdiction. new rates were effective with october 2020 usage and began to be reflected on customers' bills in november 2020.
2019                                                      2020
centerpoint energy and cerc - south texas, houston and texas coast (railroad commission)
grip                                                                                       18                               march                  june                                june                                based on net change in invested capital of $143 million.
2020                  2020                                2020
centerpoint energy and cerc - arkansas (apsc)
frp                                                                                      (12)                               april                  october 2020                        september 2020                      based on roe of 9.5% with 50 basis point (+/-) earnings band. revenue reduction of $12 million based on prior test year true-up earned return on equity of 11.79% combined with projected test year return on equity of 9.43%.
2020
centerpoint energy and cerc - louisiana (lpsc)
rsp                                                                                         2                      september 2020                  december 2020                       december 2020                       based on roe of 9.95% with 50 basis point (+/-) earnings band. for the test year ended june 2020 and net of tcja effects considered outside the earnings band, north louisiana had a $3 million increase to annual revenue based on an adjusted roe of 6.21% and south louisiana had a $1 million decrease to annual revenue based on an adjusted roe of 10.79%.
centerpoint energy and cerc - minnesota (mpuc)
decoupling (1)                                                                            n/a                      september 2020                  september 2020                      tbd                                 represents under-recovery of approximately $2 million recorded for and during the period july 1, 2019 through june 30, 2020, including approximately $1 million related to the period july 1, 2018 through june 30, 2019.
cip financial incentive                                                                     9                                 may                  october 2020                        august 2020                         cip financial incentive based on 2019 activity.
2020
rate case (1)                                                                              62                        october 2019                  tbd                                 tbd                                 see discussion above under minnesota base rate case.
72
mechanism                             annual increase (decrease) (1)(in millions)                           filing               effective date                   approval date                    additional information date centerpoint energy and cerc - oklahoma (occ)
pbrc                                                                          (2)                            march               july                             july                             based on roe of 10% with 50 basis point (+/-) earnings band. revenue credit of approximately $2 million based on 2019 test year adjusted earned roe of 15.37%. the occ approved a unanimous settlement agreement that provides for a revenue credit to customers of $2 million, paid out monthly for the next twelve months.
2020               2020                             2020
centerpoint energy and cerc - mississippi (mpsc)
rra                                                                             2                              may               september 2020                   september 2020                   based on roe of 9.292% with 100 basis point (+/-) earnings band. revenue increase of $2 million based on 2019 test year adjusted earned roe of 7.90%.
2020
centerpoint energy - indiana south - gas (iurc)
csia                                                                                                         april               july                             july                             requested an increase of $13 million to rate base, which reflects a $1 million annual increase in current revenues. 80% of revenue requirement is included in requested rate increase and 20% is deferred until the next rate case. the mechanism also includes refunds associated with the tcja, resulting in no change to the previous credit provided, and a change in the total (over)/under-recovery variance of $1 million annually.
2020               2020                             2020
csia                                                                                                  october 2020               january 2021                     january 2021                     requested an increase of $13 million to rate base, which reflects a $2 million annual increase in current revenues. 80% of revenue requirement is included in requested rate increase and 20% is deferred until the next rate case. the mechanism also includes refunds associated with the tcja, resulting in no change to the previous credit provided, and a change in the total (over)/under-recovery variance of $(1) million annually.
rate case (1)                                                                  29                     october 2020               september 2021                   tbd                              see discussion above under indiana south base rate case.
centerpoint energy - indiana north - gas (iurc)
csia                                                                            4                            april               july                             july                             requested an increase of $35 million to rate base, which reflects a $4 million annual increase in current revenues. 80% of revenue requirement is included in requested rate increase and 20% is deferred until the next rate case. the mechanism also includes refunds associated with the tcja, resulting in no change to the previous credit provided, and a change in the total (over)/under-recovery variance of $14 million annually.
2020               2020                             2020
csia                                                                            2                     october 2020               january 2021                     january 2021                     requested an increase of $32 million to rate base, which reflects a $2 million annual increase in current revenues. 80% of revenue requirement is included in requested rate increase and 20% is deferred until the next rate case. the mechanism also includes refunds associated with the tcja, resulting in an increase of $(1) million to the previous credit provided, and a change in the total (over)/under-recovery variance of $(6) million annually.
rate case (1)                                                                  21                    december 2020               october 2021                     tbd                              see discussion above under indiana north base rate case.
centerpoint energy - ohio (puco)
tscr                                                                          n/a                          january               july                             july                             application to flow back to customers certain benefits from the tcja. initial impact reflects credits for 2018 of $(10) million and 2019 of $(9) million, and 2020 of $(7) million, with mechanism that began upon approval from the puco effective july 1, 2020.
2019               2020                             2020
tscr                                                                          n/a                   september 2020               january 2021                     january 2021                     application to flow back to customers certain benefits from the tcja. impact reflects credits for 2021 of $(7) million and includes a reconciliation through august 31, 2020 of $(14) million.
drr                                                                             9                              may               september                        december 2020                    requested an increase of $67 million to rate base for investments made in 2019, which reflects a $10 million annual increase in current revenues. a change in (over)/under-recovery variance of $2 million annually is also included in rates.
2020               2020
centerpoint energy - indiana electric (iurc)
tdsic                                                                           4                         february               may                              may                              requested an increase of $34 million to rate base, which reflects a $4 million annual increase in current revenues. 80% of revenue requirement is included in requested rate increase and 20% is deferred until next rate case. the mechanism also includes a change in (over)/under-recovery variance of $2 million annually.
2020               2020                             2020
eca                                                                            10                              may               august 2020                      october 2020                     requested an increase of $49 million to rate base, which reflects a $10 million annual increase in current revenues. 80% of the revenue requirement is included in requested rate increase and 20% is deferred until next rate case. the mechanism also included a change in (over)/under-recovery variance of $4 million annually.
2020
tdsic                                                                           3                      august 2020               november 2020                    november 2020                    requested an increase of $36 million to rate base, which reflects a $3 million annual increase in current revenues. 80% of the revenue requirement is included in requested rate increase and 20% is deferred until next rate case. the mechanism also includes a change in (over)/under-recovery variance of $(1) million.
73
mechanism                       annual increase (decrease) (1)(in millions)               filing   effective date       approval date        additional information date tdsic (1)                                                                 3        february 2021   may 2021             tbd                  requested an increase of $28 million to rate base, which reflects a $3 million annual increase in current revenues. 80% of the revenue requirement is included in requested rate increase and 20% is deferred until next rate case. the mechanism also includes a change in (over)/under-recovery variance of less than $1 million.
ceca (1)                                                                  8        february 2021   tbd                  tbd                  reflects an $8 million annual increase in current revenues through a non-traditional rate making approach related to a 50 mw universal solar array placed in service in january 2021.
(1)represents proposed increases (decreases) when effective date and/or approval date is not yet determined. approved rates could differ materially from proposed rates.
tax reform tcja-related 2018 tax expense refunds are currently included in the registrants' existing rates and are therefore reducing the registrants' current annual revenue. the tcja-related 2018 tax expense refunds for houston electric were completed in september 2019. however, in houston electric's rate case filed in april 2019, and subsequently adjusted in errata filings in may and june 2019, pursuant to the stipulation and settlement agreement, houston electric will return unprotected edit net regulatory liability balance to customers, through a separate rider and its wholesale transmission tariff over approximately three years and the tcja-related protected edit balance over aram. as of december 31, 2020, the balances of the net unprotected edit regulatory liability and protected edit regulatory liability were $66 million and $678 million, respectively.
centerpoint energy's electric and natural gas utilities in indiana and ohio currently recover corporate income tax expense in approved rates charged to customers. the iurc and the puco both issued orders which initiated proceedings to investigate the impact of the tcja on utility companies and customers within indiana and ohio, respectively. in addition, the iurc and puco have ordered each utility to establish regulatory liabilities to record all estimated impacts of tax reform starting january 1, 2018 until the date when rates are adjusted to capture these impacts. in indiana, in response to vectren's pre-merger filing for proposed changes to its rates and charges to consider the impact of the lower federal income tax rates, the iurc approved an initial reduction to current rates and charges, effective june 1, 2018, to capture the immediate impact of the lower corporate federal income tax rate. the refund of edit and regulatory liabilities commenced in november 2018 for indiana electric customers and in january 2019 for indiana natural gas customers. in ohio, the initial rate reduction to current rates and charges became effective upon conclusion of its then pending base rate case on august 28, 2019. in january 2019, an application was filed with the puco in compliance with its october 2018 order requiring utilities to file for a request to adjust rates to reflect the impact of the tcja, requesting authority to implement a rider to flow back to customers the tax benefits realized under the tcja, including the refund of edit and regulatory liabilities. on july 1, 2020, the puco approved the initial rate reduction to credit customers for the impact of the tcja. this credit mechanism results in an amortization of the unprotected balance of edit over a period of six years, starting in 2018, with the protected balance amortized in accordance with aram. the credit mechanism will be adjusted via an annual filing made each october to reflect projected refunds for each calendar year.
elg (centerpoint energy)
under the clean water act, the epa sets technology-based guidelines for water discharges from new and existing electric generation facilities. in september 2015, the epa finalized revisions to the existing steam electric elg setting stringent technology-based water discharge limits for the electric power industry. the epa focused this rulemaking on wastewater generated primarily by pollution control equipment necessitated by the comprehensive air regulations, specifically setting strict water discharge limits for arsenic, mercury and selenium for scrubber waste waters. the elg will be implemented when existing water discharge permits for the plants are renewed. in the case of indiana electric's water discharge permits, in 2017 the idem issued final renewals for the f.b. culley and a.b. brown power plants. idem agreed that units identified for retirement by december 2023 would not be required to install new treatment technology to meet elg, and approved a 2020 compliance date for dry bottom ash, which has been completed, and a 2023 compliance date for flue gas desulfurization wastewater treatment standards for the remaining coal-fired unit at f.b. culley.
on april 13, 2017, as part of the u.s. president's administration's regulatory reform initiative, which is focused on the number and nature of regulations, the epa granted petitions to reconsider the elg rule, and indicated it would stay the implementation deadlines in the rule during the pendency of the reconsideration. on september 13, 2017, the epa finalized a rule postponing certain interim compliance dates by two years, but did not postpone the final compliance deadline of december
31, 2023. on april 12, 2019, the u.s. court of appeals for the fifth circuit vacated and remanded portions of the elg rule that selected impoundment as the best available technology for legacy wastewater and leachate. on october 13, 2020, the epa finalized revisions to the elg rule, which established a two-year extension of the compliance deadline for the prohibition of wet sluicing of bottom ash. however, the elg rule did not establish alternative deadlines for the prohibition of wet sluicing of fly ash, and the most recent revision to the ccr rule confirmed that ash ponds must commence closure no later than october 2023. as a result, centerpoint energy does not currently anticipate any changes to its current compliance plans based upon this most recent elg update.
cpp and ace rule (centerpoint energy)
on august 3, 2015, the epa released its cpp rule, which required a 32% reduction in carbon emissions from 2005 levels. the final rule was published in the federal register on october 23, 2015, and that action was immediately followed by litigation ultimately resulting in the u.s. supreme court staying implementation of the rule. on august 31, 2018, the epa published its proposed cpp replacement rule, the ace rule, which was finalized on july 8, 2019 and requires states to implement a program of energy efficiency improvement targets for individual coal-fired electric generating units. on january 19, 2021, the ace rule was struck down by the u.s. district court of appeals for the d.c. circuit. centerpoint energy is currently unable to predict whether the biden administration will continue its defense of the cpp or ace rule, or what a new replacement rule would look like. on march 1, 2020, centerpoint energy announced corporate carbon emission goals, which are expected to be used to guide indiana electric's transition to a low carbon fleet and position indiana electric to comply with anticipated future regulatory requirements from the biden administration to further reduce ghg emissions from its electric fleet.
impact of legislative actions & other initiatives (centerpoint energy)
at this time, compliance costs and other effects associated with reductions in ghg emissions or obtaining renewable energy sources remain uncertain. while the requirements of a federal or state rule remain uncertain, indiana electric will continue to monitor regulatory activity regarding ghg emission standards that may affect its electric generating units.
mrt rate case (centerpoint energy)
in june 2018, mrt filed a general natural gas act rate case, and in october 2019, mrt filed a second rate case. mrt began collecting the rates proposed in the 2018 rate case, subject to refund, on january 1, 2019. on november 5, 2019, as supplemented on december 13, 2019, mrt filed uncontested proposed settlements for the 2018 and 2019 rate cases. the ferc approved both settlements on march 26, 2020, and that order became final on april 25, 2020.
other matters credit facilities the registrants may draw on their respective revolving credit facilities from time to time to provide funds used for general corporate and limited liability company purposes, including to backstop centerpoint energy's and cerc's commercial paper programs. the facilities may also be utilized to obtain letters of credit. for further details related to the registrants' revolving credit facilities, please see note 14 to the consolidated financial statements.
based on the consolidated debt to capitalization covenant in the registrants' revolving credit facilities, the registrants would have been permitted to utilize the full capacity of such revolving credit facilities, which aggregated approximately $4.9 billion as of december 31, 2020. on february 4, 2021, the registrants amended and restated each of their revolving credit facilities, which reduced the aggregate capacity of such facilities to $4.0 billion.
as of february 22, 2021, the registrants had the following revolving credit facilities and utilization of such facilities:
amount utilized as of february 22, 2021
registrant                                  size of facility            loans                         letters of credit                      commercial paper              weighted average interest rate   termination date
(in millions)
centerpoint energy                            $2,400                    $-                            $11                                    $1,502                                                 0.21%   february 4, 2024
centerpoint energy (1)                           400                    -                             -                       86                                                                    0.18%   february 4, 2024
houston electric                                 300                    -                             -                                      -                                                         -%   february 4, 2024
cerc                                             900                    -                             -                       255                                                                   0.18%   february 4, 2024
total                                         $4,000                    $-                            $11                                    $1,843
(1)the credit facility was issued by vuhi and is guaranteed by sigeco, indiana gas and vedo.
borrowings under each of the revolving credit facilities are subject to customary terms and conditions. however, there is no requirement that the borrower makes representations prior to borrowing as to the absence of material adverse changes or litigation that could be expected to have a material adverse effect. borrowings under each of the revolving credit facilities are subject to acceleration upon the occurrence of events of default that we consider customary. the revolving credit facilities also provide for customary fees, including commitment fees, administrative agent fees, fees in respect of letters of credit and other fees. in each of the revolving credit facilities, the spread to libor and the commitment fees fluctuate based on the borrower's credit rating. each of the registrant's credit facilities provide for a mechanism to replace libor with possible alternative benchmarks upon certain benchmark replacement events. the borrowers are currently in compliance with the various business and financial covenants in the four revolving credit facilities.
long-term debt for detailed information about the registrants' debt issuances in 2020, see note 14 to the consolidated financial statements.
securities registered with the sec on may 29, 2020, the registrants filed a joint shelf registration statement with the sec registering indeterminate principal amounts of houston electric's general mortgage bonds, cerc corp.'s senior debt securities and centerpoint energy's senior debt securities and junior subordinated debt securities and an indeterminate number of shares of common stock, shares of preferred stock, depositary shares, as well as stock purchase contracts and equity units. the joint shelf registration statement will expire on may 29, 2023. for information related to the registrants' debt and equity security issuances in 2020, see notes 13 and 14 to the consolidated financial statements.
temporary investments as of february 22, 2021, the registrants had no temporary investments.
money pool the registrants participate in a money pool through which they and certain of their subsidiaries can borrow or invest on a short-term basis. funding needs are aggregated and external borrowing or investing is based on the net cash position. the net funding requirements of the centerpoint energy money pool are expected to be met with borrowings under centerpoint energy's revolving credit facility or the sale of centerpoint energy's commercial paper. the net funding requirements of the cerc money pool are expected to be met with borrowings under cerc's revolving credit facility or the sale of cerc's commercial paper. the money pool may not provide sufficient funds to meet the registrants' cash needs.
the table below summarizes centerpoint energy money pool activity by registrant as of february 22, 2021:
weighted average interest rate         houston electric                    cerc
(in millions)
money pool investments        0.21%                                  $(248)                              $-
impact on liquidity of a downgrade in credit ratings the interest on borrowings under the registrants' credit facilities is based on their credit ratings. the interest on borrowings under the credit facilities is based on each respective borrower's credit ratings. as of february 22, 2021, moody's, s&p and fitch had assigned the following credit ratings to senior debt of the registrants:
moody's                                   s&amp;p                                   fitch registrant                 borrower/instrument                             rating                  outlook (1)       rating                  outlook (2)       rating                  outlook (3)
centerpoint energy         centerpoint energy senior unsecured debt        baa2                    stable            bbb                     stable            bbb                     stable centerpoint energy         vectren corp. issuer rating                     n/a                     n/a               bbb+                    stable            n/a                     n/a centerpoint energy         vuhi senior unsecured debt                      a3                      stable            bbb+                    stable            n/a                     n/a centerpoint energy         indiana gas senior unsecured debt               n/a                     n/a               bbb+                    stable            n/a                     n/a centerpoint energy         sigeco senior secured debt                      a1                      stable            a                       stable            n/a                     n/a houston electric           houston electric senior secured debt            a2                      stable            a                       stable            a                       stable cerc                       cerc corp. senior unsecured debt                a3                      stable            bbb+                    stable            a-                      stable
(1)a moody's rating outlook is an opinion regarding the likely direction of an issuer's rating over the medium term.
(2)an s&p outlook assesses the potential direction of a long-term credit rating over the intermediate to longer term.
(3)a fitch rating outlook indicates the direction a rating is likely to move over a one- to two-year period.
the registrants cannot assure that the ratings set forth above will remain in effect for any given period of time or that one or more of these ratings will not be lowered or withdrawn entirely by a rating agency. the registrants note that these credit ratings are included for informational purposes and are not recommendations to buy, sell or hold the registrants' securities and may be revised or withdrawn at any time by the rating agency. each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating. any future reduction or withdrawal of one or more of the registrants' credit ratings could have a material adverse impact on the registrants' ability to obtain short- and long-term financing, the cost of such financings and the execution of the registrants' commercial strategies.
a decline in credit ratings could increase borrowing costs under the registrants' revolving credit facilities. if the registrants' credit ratings had been downgraded one notch by s&p and moody's from the ratings that existed as of december 31, 2020, the impact on the borrowing costs under the four revolving credit facilities would have been insignificant. a decline in credit ratings would also increase the interest rate on long-term debt to be issued in the capital markets and could negatively impact the registrants' ability to complete capital market transactions and to access the commercial paper market. additionally, a decline in credit ratings could increase cash collateral requirements and reduce earnings of centerpoint energy's and cerc's natural gas reportable segments.
pipeline tariffs and contracts typically provide that if the credit ratings of a shipper or the shipper's guarantor drop below a threshold level, which is generally investment grade ratings from both moody's and s&p, cash or other collateral may be demanded from the shipper in an amount equal to the sum of three months' charges for pipeline services plus the unrecouped cost of any lateral built for such shipper. if the credit ratings of cerc corp. decline below the applicable threshold levels, cerc might need to provide cash or other collateral of as much as $218 million as of december 31, 2020. the amount of collateral will depend on seasonal variations in transportation levels.
zens and securities related to zens (centerpoint energy)
if centerpoint energy's creditworthiness were to drop such that zens holders thought its liquidity was adversely affected or the market for the zens were to become illiquid, some zens holders might decide to exchange their zens for cash. funds for the payment of cash upon exchange could be obtained from the sale of the shares of zens-related securities that centerpoint energy owns or from other sources. centerpoint energy owns shares of zens-related securities equal to approximately 100% of the reference shares used to calculate its obligation to the holders of the zens. zens exchanges result in a cash outflow because tax deferrals related to the zens and shares of zens-related securities would typically cease when zens are exchanged or otherwise retired and shares of zens-related securities are sold. the ultimate tax liability related to the zens and zens-related securities continues to increase by the amount of the tax benefit realized each year, and there could be a significant cash outflow when the taxes are paid as a result of the retirement or exchange of the zens. if all zens had been exchanged for cash on december 31, 2020, deferred taxes of approximately $471 million would have been payable in 2020. if all the zens-related securities had been sold on december 31, 2020, capital gains taxes of approximately $159 million would have been payable in 2020. for additional information about zens, see note 12 to the consolidated financial statements.
cross defaults under each of centerpoint energy's (including vuhi's), houston electric's and cerc's respective revolving credit facilities, as well as under centerpoint energy's term loan agreement, a payment default on, or a non-payment default that permits acceleration of, any indebtedness for borrowed money and certain other specified types of obligations (including guarantees) exceeding $125 million by the borrower or any of their respective significant subsidiaries will cause a default under such borrower's respective credit facility or term loan agreement. a default by centerpoint energy would not trigger a default under its subsidiaries' debt instruments or revolving credit facilities.
possible acquisitions, divestitures and joint ventures from time to time, the registrants consider the acquisition or the disposition of assets or businesses or possible joint ventures, strategic initiatives or other joint ownership arrangements with respect to assets or businesses. any determination to take action in this regard will be based on market conditions and opportunities existing at the time, and accordingly, the timing, size or success of any efforts and the associated potential capital commitments are unpredictable. the registrants may seek to fund all or part of any such efforts with proceeds from debt and/or equity issuances. debt or equity financing may not, however, be available to the registrants at that time due to a variety of events, including, among others, maintenance of our credit ratings, industry conditions, general economic conditions, market conditions and market perceptions. as announced in december 2020, centerpoint energy's business strategy incorporated the business review and evaluation committee's recommendations to increase its planned capital expenditures in its electric and natural gas businesses to support rate base growth and sell certain of its natural gas businesses located in arkansas and oklahoma as a means to efficiently finance a portion of such increased capital expenditures, among other recommendations. for further information, see "-recent events-business review and evaluation committee" above.
additionally, centerpoint energy's process of evaluating and optimizing the various businesses, assets and ownership interests currently held by it considered, among other things, various plans, proposals and other strategic alternatives with respect to enable and centerpoint energy's investment in enable, which may result in the disposition of a portion or all of its ownership interest in enable. in february 2021, centerpoint energy announced its support of the enable merger, which is expected to close in the second half of 2021, subject to customary closing conditions, including hart-scott-rodino antitrust clearance. centerpoint energy may not realize any or all of the anticipated strategic, financial, operational or other benefits from the enable merger, if completed, or from any disposition or reduction of its resulting investment in energy transfer. there can be no assurances that any disposal of energy transfer common units or energy transfer series g preferred units will be completed. any disposal of such securities may involve significant costs and expenses, including in connection with any public offering, a significant underwriting discount. for information regarding the enable merger, see note 22 to the consolidated financial statements.
enable midstream partners (centerpoint energy and cerc)
in september 2018, cerc completed the internal spin, after which cerc's equity investment in enable met the criteria for discontinued operations classification. as a result, the operations have been classified as income from discontinued operations, net of tax, in cerc's statements of consolidated income for the periods presented. for further information, see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements.
centerpoint energy receives quarterly cash distributions from enable on its common units and enable series a preferred units. a reduction in the cash distributions centerpoint energy receives from enable could significantly impact centerpoint energy's liquidity. for additional information about cash distributions from enable and the recently announced enable merger, see notes 11 and 22 to the consolidated financial statements.
hedging of interest expense for future debt issuances from time to time, the registrants may enter into interest rate agreements to hedge, in part, volatility in the u.s. treasury rates by reducing variability in cash flows related to interest payments. for further information, see note 9(a) to the consolidated financial statements.
weather hedge (centerpoint energy and cerc)
centerpoint energy and cerc have historically entered into partial weather hedges for certain natural gas jurisdictions and electric operations' texas service territory to mitigate the impact of fluctuations from normal weather. centerpoint energy and cerc remain exposed to some weather risk as a result of the partial hedges. for more information about weather hedges, see note 9(a) to the consolidated financial statements.
collection of receivables from reps (centerpoint energy and houston electric)
houston electric's receivables from the distribution of electricity are collected from reps that supply the electricity houston electric distributes to their customers. before conducting business, a rep must register with the puct and must meet certain financial qualifications. nevertheless, adverse economic conditions, structural problems in the market served by ercot or financial difficulties of one or more reps could impair the ability of these reps to pay for houston electric's services or could cause them to delay such payments. houston electric depends on these reps to remit payments on a timely basis, and any delay or default in payment by reps could adversely affect houston electric's cash flows. in the event of a rep's default, houston electric's tariff provides a number of remedies, including the option for houston electric to request that the puct suspend or revoke the certification of the rep. applicable regulatory provisions require that customers be shifted to another rep or a provider of last resort if a rep cannot make timely payments. however, houston electric remains at risk for payments related to services provided prior to the shift to the replacement rep or the provider of last resort. if a rep were unable to meet its obligations, it could consider, among various options, restructuring under the bankruptcy laws, in which event such rep might seek to avoid honoring its obligations and claims might be made against houston electric involving payments it had received from such rep. if a rep were to file for bankruptcy, houston electric may not be successful in recovering accrued receivables owed by such rep that are unpaid as of the date the rep filed for bankruptcy. however, puct regulations authorize utilities, such as houston electric, to defer bad debts resulting from defaults by reps for recovery in future rate cases, subject to a review of reasonableness and necessity.
other factors that could affect cash requirements in addition to the above factors, the registrants' liquidity and capital resources could also be negatively affected by:
•further reductions in the cash distributions we receive from enable;
•cash collateral requirements that could exist in connection with certain contracts, including weather hedging arrangements, and natural gas purchases, natural gas price and natural gas storage activities of centerpoint energy's and cerc's natural gas reportable segment;
•acceleration of payment dates on certain gas supply contracts, under certain circumstances, as a result of increased natural gas prices, including as a result of the february 2021 winter storm event, and concentration of natural gas suppliers (centerpoint energy and cerc);
•increased costs related to the acquisition of natural gas, including as a result of the february 2021 winter storm event (centerpoint energy and cerc);
•increases in interest expense in connection with debt refinancings and borrowings under credit facilities or term loans or the use of alternative sources of financings due to the effects of covid-19 and the february 2021 winter storm event on capital and other financial markets;
•various legislative or regulatory actions;
•incremental collateral, if any, that may be required due to regulation of derivatives (centerpoint energy);
•the ability of reps, including rep affiliates of nrg and vistra energy corp., to satisfy their obligations to centerpoint energy and houston electric, including the negative impact on such ability related to covid-19 and the february 2021 winter storm event;
•slower customer payments and increased write-offs of receivables due to higher natural gas prices, changing economic conditions, covid-19 or the february 2021 winter storm event (centerpoint energy and cerc);
•the satisfaction of any obligations pursuant to guarantees;
•the outcome of litigation;
•contributions to pension and postretirement benefit plans;
•restoration costs and revenue losses resulting from future natural disasters such as hurricanes and the timing of recovery of such restoration costs; and
•various other risks identified in "risk factors" in item 1a of part i of this report.
certain contractual limits on our ability to issue securities and borrow money houston electric has contractually agreed that it will not issue additional first mortgage bonds, subject to certain exceptions. additionally, certain provisions in note purchase agreements relating to debt issued by vuhi have the effect of restricting the amount of additional first mortgage bonds issued by sigeco. for information about the total debt to capitalization financial covenants in the registrants' and certain of centerpoint energy's subsidiaries' revolving credit facilities, see note 14 to the consolidated financial statements.
critical accounting policies a critical accounting policy is one that is both important to the presentation of the registrants' financial condition and results of operations and requires management to make difficult, subjective or complex accounting estimates. an accounting estimate is an approximation made by management of a financial statement element, item or account in the financial statements. accounting estimates in the registrants' historical consolidated financial statements measure the effects of past business transactions or events, or the present status of an asset or liability. the accounting estimates described below require the registrants to make assumptions about matters that are highly uncertain at the time the estimate is made. additionally, different estimates that the registrants could have used or changes in an accounting estimate that are reasonably likely to occur could have a material impact on the presentation of their financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. the circumstances that make these judgments difficult, subjective and/or complex have to do with the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. estimates and assumptions about future events and their effects cannot be predicted with certainty. the registrants base their estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that they believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments. these estimates may change as new events occur, as more experience is acquired, as additional information is obtained and as the registrants' operating environment changes. the registrants' significant accounting policies are discussed in note 2 to the consolidated financial statements. the registrants believe the following accounting policies involve the application of critical accounting estimates. accordingly, these accounting estimates have been reviewed and discussed with the audit committee of centerpoint energy's board of directors.
accounting for rate regulation accounting guidance for regulated operations provides that rate-regulated entities account for and report assets and liabilities consistent with the recovery of those incurred costs in rates if the rates established are designed to recover the costs of providing the regulated service and if the competitive environment makes it probable that such rates can be charged and collected. centerpoint energy, for its electric and natural gas reportable segments, houston electric and cerc apply this accounting guidance. certain expenses and revenues subject to utility regulation or rate determination normally reflected in income are deferred on the balance sheet as regulatory assets or liabilities and are recognized in income as the related amounts are included in service rates and recovered from or refunded to customers. regulatory assets and liabilities are recorded when it is probable that these items will be recovered or reflected in future rates. determining probability requires significant judgment on the part of management and includes, but is not limited to, consideration of testimony presented in regulatory hearings, proposed regulatory decisions, final regulatory orders and the strength or status of applications for rehearing or state court appeals. if events were to occur that would make the recovery of these assets and liabilities no longer probable, the registrants would be required to write off or write down these regulatory assets and liabilities. for further detail on the registrants' regulatory assets and liabilities, see note 7 to the consolidated financial statements.
impairment of long-lived assets, including identifiable intangibles, goodwill, equity method investments, and investments without a readily determinable fair value the registrants review the carrying value of long-lived assets, including identifiable intangibles, goodwill, equity method investments, and investments without a readily determinable fair value whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that such carrying values may not be recoverable, and at least annually, goodwill is tested for impairment as required by accounting guidance for goodwill and other intangible assets. unforeseen events, changes in market conditions, and probable regulatory disallowances, where applicable, could have a material effect on the value of long-lived assets, including intangibles, goodwill, equity method investments, and investments without a readily determinable fair value due to changes in observable or estimated market value, future cash flows, interest rate, and regulatory matters could result in an impairment charge. the registrants recorded no impairments to long-lived assets, including intangibles, equity method investments, or readily determinable fair value during 2019 and 2018. centerpoint energy recognized equity method investment impairment losses during 2020 as discussed below. centerpoint energy and cerc recognized goodwill impairment losses, discussed below, during 2020 and 2019, and the registrants recorded no impairments to goodwill in 2018.
in connection with its preparation of the financial statements for the three months ended march 31, 2020, centerpoint energy and cerc identified triggering events to perform interim goodwill impairment tests for each of their reporting units due to the macroeconomic conditions resulting from the covid-19 pandemic and the related decline in centerpoint energy's common stock price. centerpoint energy recognized goodwill impairment losses, discussed below, during the year ended december 31, 2020, and cerc recorded no impairments to goodwill within continuing operations during the year ended december 31, 2020. centerpoint energy and cerc performed their annual goodwill impairment tests in the third quarter of 2020 and determined that no goodwill impairment charge was required for any reporting unit as a result of those tests.
fair value is the amount at which an asset, liability or business could be bought or sold in a current transaction between willing parties and may be estimated using a number of techniques, including quoted market prices or valuations by third parties, present value techniques based on estimates of cash flows, or multiples of earnings or revenue performance measures. the fair value could be different using different estimates and assumptions in these valuation techniques.
fair value measurements require significant judgment and unobservable inputs, including (i) projected timing and amount of future cash flows, which factor in planned growth initiatives, (ii) the regulatory environment, as applicable, and (iii) discount rates reflecting risk inherent in the future market prices. determining the discount rates for the non-rate regulated businesses requires the estimation of the appropriate company specific risk premiums for those non-rate regulated businesses based on evaluation of industry and entity-specific risks, which includes expectations about future market or economic conditions existing on the date of the impairment test. changes in these assumptions could have a significant impact on results of the impairment tests. centerpoint energy and cerc utilized a third-party valuation specialist to determine the key assumptions used in the estimate of fair value for each of its reporting units on the date of its interim and annual goodwill impairment test in 2020.
annual goodwill impairment test centerpoint energy and cerc completed their 2020 annual goodwill impairment test as of july 1, 2020 and determined, based on an income approach or a weighted combination of income and market approaches, that no goodwill impairment charge was required for any reporting unit. the fair values of each reporting unit significantly exceeded the carrying value of the reporting unit.
although no goodwill impairment resulted from the 2020 annual test, an interim goodwill impairment test could be triggered by the following: actual earnings results that are materially lower than expected, significant adverse changes in the operating environment, an increase in the discount rate, changes in other key assumptions which require judgment and are forward looking in nature, if centerpoint energy's market capitalization falls below book value for an extended period of time, or events affecting a reporting unit such as a contemplated disposal of all or part of a reporting unit.
interim goodwill impairment test, excluding assets held for sale centerpoint energy and cerc performed an interim goodwill impairment test as of march 31, 2020. the fair value of each reporting unit was derived using an income approach or a weighted combination of income and market approaches. based on the results of the test, centerpoint energy recorded a goodwill impairment loss of $185 million at its indiana electric reporting unit in the year ended december 31, 2020. cerc recorded no goodwill impairment charge in its continuing operations for the year ended december 31, 2020.
the fair values of each reporting unit exceeded the carrying value of the reporting unit, with the exception of centerpoint energy's indiana electric reporting unit. as of march 31, 2020, immediately following the impairment loss recorded by centerpoint energy in the three months ended march 31, 2020, indiana electric reporting unit's fair value approximated its carrying value, and the reporting unit had total goodwill of $936 million. the reporting unit is comprised entirely of businesses acquired in the merger on february 1, 2019, when the carrying value of the acquired assets and liabilities were adjusted to fair value and as a result presented the greatest risk for impairment. the primary driver for the decline in fair value as of the march 31, 2020 interim goodwill impairment test date is an increase in discounts rates, or the weighted average cost of capital of market participants, on the rate regulated reporting units due in part to the decline in current macroeconomic conditions from july 1, 2019, the previous annual testing date at that time, to march 31, 2020.
an interim goodwill impairment test could be triggered and goodwill impairments recorded in future periods by centerpoint energy or cerc's reporting units due to any of the following: centerpoint energy's market capitalization falling below book value, adverse macroeconomic environment, turnover in key personnel, events affecting a reporting unit such as a contemplated disposal of all or part of a reporting unit, actual earnings results that are materially lower than expected, significant adverse changes in the operating or regulatory environment, or changes in discount rates or other key assumptions that require judgment and are forward looking in nature.
for further information, see note 6 to the consolidated financial statements.
assets held for sale and discontinued operations generally, a long-lived asset to be sold is classified as held for sale in the period in which management, with approval from the board of directors, as applicable, commits to a plan to sell, and a sale is expected to be completed within one year. the registrants record assets and liabilities held for sale, or the disposal group, at the lower of their carrying value or their estimated fair value less cost to sell. if a disposal group reflects a component of a reporting unit and meets the definition of a business, the goodwill within that reporting unit is allocated to the disposal group based on the relative fair value of the components representing a business that will be retained and disposed. goodwill is not allocated to a portion of a reporting unit that does not meet the definition of a business. a disposal group that meets the held for sale criteria and also represents a strategic shift to the registrant is also reflected as discontinued operations on the statements of consolidated income, and prior periods are recast to reflect the earnings or losses from such businesses as income from discontinued operations, net of tax.
on february 3, 2020, centerpoint energy, through its subsidiary vusi, entered into the securities purchase agreement to sell the infrastructure services disposal group. in february 2020, certain assets and liabilities representing the infrastructure services disposal group met the held for sale criteria and represented all of the businesses within the reporting unit. in accordance with the securities purchase agreement, visco was converted from a wholly-owned corporation to a limited liability company that was disregarded for federal income tax purposes immediately prior to the closing of the transaction resulting in the sale of membership units. the sale was considered an asset sale for tax purposes and closed on april 9, 2020.
on february 24, 2020, centerpoint energy, through its subsidiary cerc corp., entered into the equity purchase agreement to sell the energy services disposal group. this transaction did not include ceip and its assets or mes. in february 2020, certain assets and liabilities representing the energy services disposal group met the criteria to be classified as held for sale and represented substantially all of the businesses within the reporting unit. in accordance with the equity purchase agreement, ces was converted from a wholly-owned corporation to a limited liability company that was disregarded for federal income tax purposes immediately prior to the closing of the transaction resulting in the sale of membership units. the sale was considered an asset sale for tax purposes and closed on june 1, 2020.
centerpoint energy and cerc disclosed in the 2019 form 10-k that an anticipated loss on held for sale of $80 million was expected in 2020 for the energy services disposal group. the primary driver for the increase in the actual loss on held for sale, including goodwill impairment, recorded by centerpoint energy and cerc in the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the amounts previously anticipated is a result of an increase in portions of the derivative assets, net of derivative liabilities, excluded from the working capital adjustment within the equity purchase agreement during the year ended december 31, 2020. in october 2020, centerpoint energy collected the full and final settlement of the working capital adjustment under the equity purchase agreement, and no gains or losses on this transaction are expected in future periods.
for further information, see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements.
equity method investments equity method investments are evaluated for impairment when factors indicate that a decrease in value of an investment has occurred and the carrying amount of the investment may not be recoverable. an impairment loss, based on the excess of the carrying value over the best estimate of fair value of the investment, is recognized in earnings when an impairment is deemed to be other than temporary. considerable judgment is used in determining if an impairment loss is other than temporary and the amount of any impairment. based on the severity of the decline in enable's common unit price during the three months ended march 31, 2020 due to the macroeconomic conditions related in part to the covid-19 pandemic, combined with enable's announcement on april 1, 2020 to reduce its quarterly distributions per common unit by 50%, and the market outlook indicating excess supply and continued depressed crude oil and natural gas prices impacting the midstream oil and gas industry, centerpoint energy determined, in connection with its preparation of its financial statements for the three months ended march 31, 2020, that an other than temporary decrease in the value of its investment in enable had occurred. centerpoint energy wrote down the value of its investment in enable to its estimated fair value of $848 million as of march 31, 2020 and recognized an impairment charge of $1,541 million during the year ended december 31, 2020. both the income approach and market approach were utilized to estimate the fair value of centerpoint energy's equity investment in enable, which includes common units, general partner interest, and incentive distribution rights held by centerpoint energy through cnp midstream. key assumptions in the market approach include recent market transactions of comparable companies and ebitda to total enterprise multiples for comparable companies. due to volatility of the quoted price of enable's units, a volume weighted average price was used under the market approach to best approximate fair value at the measurement date. key assumptions in the income approach include enable's forecasted cash distributions, projected cash flows of incentive distribution rights, forecasted growth rate of enable's cash distributions beyond 2020, and the discount rate used to determine the present value of the estimated future cash flows. a weighing of the different approaches was utilized to determine the estimated fair value of our investment in enable. centerpoint energy based its assumptions on projected financial information that it believes is reasonable; however, actual results may differ materially from those projections.
the determination of fair value considered a number of relevant factors including enable's common unit price and forecasted distributions, recent comparable transactions and the limited float of enable's publicly traded common units. it is reasonably possible that the fair value of centerpoint energy's investment in enable will change in the near term due to one or more of the following: actual enable cash distribution is materially lower than expected, significant adverse changes in enable's operating environment, decline in enable's common unit price, increase in the discount rate, and changes in other key assumptions which require judgment and/or are forward looking in nature. further declines in the fair value of enable could result in additional impairments. centerpoint energy did not identify a decrease in value as of december 31, 2020, and no impairments in its investment in enable were recorded during the three months ended december 31, 2020.
for further information, see notes 11 and 22 to the consolidated financial statements.
acquisition accounting the registrants evaluate acquisitions to determine when a set of acquired activities and assets represent a business. when control of a business is obtained, the registrants apply the acquisition method of accounting and record the assets acquired, liabilities assumed and any non-controlling interest obtained based on fair value at the acquisition date.
the fair values of tangible and intangible assets and liabilities subject to rate-setting provisions and earning a regulated return generally approximate their carrying values. the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed that are not subject to the rate-setting provisions, including identifiable intangibles, are determined using the income and market approach, which estimation methods may require the use of significant judgment and unobservable inputs, including projected timing and amount of future cash flows and discount rates reflecting risk inherent in the future market prices. any excess of the purchase price over the fair value amounts assigned to assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill. the results of operations of the acquired business are included in the registrants' respective statements of consolidated income beginning on the date of the acquisition.
on the merger date, pursuant to the merger agreement, centerpoint energy consummated the merger and acquired vectren for approximately $6 billion in cash. the merger is being accounted for in accordance with asc 805, business combinations, with centerpoint energy as the accounting acquirer of vectren. identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed have been recorded at their estimated fair values on the merger date.
vectren's regulated operations, comprised of electric generation and electric and natural gas delivery services, are subject to the rate-setting authority of the ferc, the iurc and the puco, and are accounted for pursuant to u.s. generally accepted accounting principles for regulated operations. the rate-setting and cost-recovery provisions currently in place for vectren's regulated operations provide revenues designed to recover the cost of providing utility service and a return on and recovery of investment in rate base assets and liabilities. thus, the fair values of vectren's tangible and intangible assets and liabilities subject to these rate-setting provisions approximate their carrying values. accordingly, neither the assets nor liabilities acquired reflect any adjustments related to these amounts. the fair value of regulatory assets not earning a return have been determined using the income approach and include the use of significant judgment and unobservable inputs.
the fair value of vectren's assets acquired and liabilities assumed that are not subject to the rate-setting provisions, including identifiable intangibles, and the allocation of fair value to reporting units on the merger date was determined under the income approach using the multi-period excess earnings method, which is a specific discounted cash flow income approach, and for the measurement of certain assets and liabilities, the market approach was utilized.
fair value measurements require significant judgment and unobservable inputs, including (i) projected timing and amount of future cash flows, which factor in planned growth initiatives, (ii) the regulatory environment, as applicable, and (iii) discount rates reflecting risk inherent in the future market prices. determining the discount rates for the non-rate regulated businesses required the estimation of the appropriate company specific risk premiums for those non-rate regulated businesses based on evaluation of industry and entity-specific risks, which included expectations about future market or economic conditions existing on the merger date. changes in these assumptions could have a significant impact on the amount of the identified intangible assets and/or the resulting amount of goodwill assigned to each reporting unit. centerpoint energy utilized a third-party valuation specialist in determining the key assumptions used in the valuation of intangible assets acquired and the allocation of goodwill to each of its reporting units on the merger date.
for further information, see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements.
unbilled revenues revenues related to electricity delivery and natural gas sales and services are generally recognized upon delivery to customers. however, the determination of deliveries to individual customers is based on the reading of their meters, which is performed on a systematic basis throughout the month either electronically through ams meter communications or manual readings. at the end of each month, deliveries to non-ams customers since the date of the last meter reading are estimated and the corresponding unbilled revenue is estimated. information regarding deliveries to ams customers after the last billing is obtained from actual ams meter usage data. unbilled electricity delivery revenue is estimated each month based on actual ams meter data, daily supply volumes and applicable rates. unbilled natural gas sales are estimated based on estimated purchased gas volumes, estimated lost and unaccounted for gas and tariffed rates in effect. as additional information becomes available, or actual amounts are determinable, the recorded estimates are revised. consequently, operating results can be affected by revisions to prior accounting estimates.
pension and other retirement plans centerpoint energy sponsors pension and other retirement plans in various forms covering all employees who meet eligibility requirements. centerpoint energy uses several statistical and other factors that attempt to anticipate future events in calculating the expense and liability related to its plans. these factors include assumptions about the discount rate, expected return on plan assets and rate of future compensation increases as estimated by management, within certain guidelines. in addition, centerpoint energy's actuarial consultants use subjective factors such as withdrawal and mortality rates. the actuarial assumptions used may differ materially from actual results due to changing market and economic conditions, higher or lower withdrawal rates or longer or shorter life spans of participants. these differences may result in a significant impact to the amount of pension and other retirement plans expense recorded. please read "- other significant matters - pension plans" for further discussion.
new accounting pronouncements see note 2(u) to the consolidated financial statements, incorporated herein by reference, for a discussion of new accounting pronouncements that affect the registrants.
other significant matters pension plans (centerpoint energy).  as discussed in note 8(b) to the consolidated financial statements, centerpoint energy maintains non-contributory qualified defined benefit pension plans covering eligible employees. employer contributions for the qualified plans are based on actuarial computations that establish the minimum contribution required under erisa and the maximum deductible contribution for income tax purposes.
under the terms of centerpoint energy's pension plans, it reserves the right to change, modify or terminate the plan. centerpoint energy's funding policy is to review amounts annually and contribute an amount at least equal to the minimum contribution required under erisa.
additionally, centerpoint energy maintains unfunded non-qualified benefit restoration plans that allows participants to receive the benefits to which they would have been entitled under the non-contributory qualified pension plan except for the federally mandated limits on qualified plan benefits or on the level of compensation on which qualified plan benefits may be calculated.
centerpoint energy's funding requirements and employer contributions for the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018 were as follows:
year ended december 31,
2020                                                                                                       2019                    2018
centerpoint energy                                                                                                        (in millions)
minimum funding requirements for qualified pension plans                        $76                     $86                     $60
employer contributions to the qualified pension plans                            76                      86                      60
employer contributions to the non-qualified benefit restoration plans            10                      23                       9
centerpoint energy expects to contribute a minimum of approximately $53 million to the qualified pension plans and contributions aggregating approximately $8 million to the non-qualified benefit restoration plans in 2021.
changes in pension obligations and assets may not be immediately recognized as pension expense in centerpoint energy's statements of consolidated income, but generally are recognized in future years over the remaining average service period of plan participants. as such, significant portions of pension expense recorded in any period may not reflect the actual level of benefit payments provided to plan participants.
as the sponsor of a plan, centerpoint energy is required to (a) recognize on its consolidated balance sheet an asset for the plan's over-funded status or a liability for the plan's under-funded status, (b) measure a plan's assets and obligations as of the end of the fiscal year and (c) recognize changes in the funded status of the plans in the year that changes occur through adjustments to other comprehensive income and, when related to its rate-regulated utilities with recoverability of cost, to regulatory assets.
the projected benefit obligation for all defined benefit pension plans was $2.5 billion and $2.5 billion as of december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
as of december 31, 2020, the projected benefit obligation exceeded the market value of plan assets of centerpoint energy's pension plans by $372 million. changes in interest rates or the market values of the securities held by the plan during 2021 could materially, positively or negatively, change the funded status and affect the level of pension expense and required contributions.
houston electric and cerc participate in centerpoint energy's qualified and non-qualified pension plans covering substantially all employees. pension cost by registrant were as follows:
year ended december 31,
2020                                                                                                  2019                                                                                      2018
centerpoint energy                  houston electric                 cerc                 centerpoint energy                  houston electric                 cerc                 centerpoint energy                  houston electric                 cerc
(in millions)
pension cost         $49                                 $19                              $20                  $93                                 $40                              $35                  $61                                 $25                              $22
the calculation of pension cost and related liabilities requires the use of assumptions. changes in these assumptions can result in different expense and liability amounts, and future actual experience can differ from the assumptions. two of the most critical assumptions are the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets and the assumed discount rate.
as of december 31, 2020, centerpoint energy's qualified pension plans had an expected long-term rate of return on plan assets of 5.00%, which is 0.75% lower than the 5.75% rate assumed as of december 31, 2019. the expected rate of return assumption was developed using the targeted asset allocation of our plans and the expected return for each asset class. centerpoint energy regularly reviews its actual asset allocation and periodically rebalances plan assets to reduce volatility and better match plan assets and liabilities.
as of december 31, 2020, the projected benefit obligation was calculated assuming a discount rate of 2.45%, which is 0.75% lower than the 3.20% discount rate assumed as of december 31, 2019. the discount rate was determined by reviewing yields on high-quality bonds that receive one of the two highest ratings given by a recognized rating agency and the expected duration of pension obligations specific to the characteristics of centerpoint energy's plans.
centerpoint energy's actuarially determined pension and other postemployment cost for 2020 and 2019 that is greater or less than the amounts being recovered through rates in the majority of texas jurisdictions is deferred as a regulatory asset or liability, respectively.  pension cost for 2021, including the nonqualified benefit restoration plan, is estimated to be $32 million before applicable regulatory deferrals and capitalization, based on an expected return on plan assets of 5.00% and a discount rate of 2.45% as of december 31, 2020. if the expected return assumption were lowered by 0.50% from 5.00% to 4.50%, 2021 pension cost would increase by approximately $10 million.
as of december 31, 2020, the pension plans projected benefit obligation, including the unfunded nonqualified pension plans, exceeded plan assets by $372 million.  if the discount rate were lowered by 0.50% from 2.45% to 1.95%, the assumption change would increase centerpoint energy's projected benefit obligation by approximately $145 million and decrease its 2021 pension cost by approximately $4 million. the expected reduction in pension cost due to the decrease in discount rate is a result of the expected correlation between the reduced interest rate and appreciation of fixed income assets in pension plans with significantly more fixed income instruments than equity instruments. in addition, the assumption change would impact centerpoint energy's consolidated balance sheets by increasing the regulatory asset recorded as of december 31, 2020 by $124 million and would result in a charge to comprehensive income in 2020 of $17 million, net of tax of $4 million, due to the increase in the projected benefit obligation.
future changes in plan asset returns, assumed discount rates and various other factors related to the pension plans will impact centerpoint energy's future pension expense and liabilities. centerpoint energy cannot predict with certainty what these factors will be in the future.
