item 1a-risk factors the risks described below could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. we could also be affected by additional risks that apply to all companies operating in the u.s. and globally, as well as other risks that are not presently known to us or that we currently consider to be immaterial. these risk factors should be carefully reviewed in conjunction with management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in item 7 and our consolidated financial statements and related notes in item 8 of this report.
business and operating risks we are highly dependent on the financial performance of our u.s. and canadian operations.
our financial and operational performance is highly dependent on our u.s. and canadian operations, which comprised 87% and 83% of net sales and operating income in 2020, respectively. within the u.s., we are highly dependent on our california operations, which comprised 29% of u.s. net sales in 2020. our california market, in general, has a larger percentage of higher volume warehouses as compared to our other domestic markets. any substantial slowing or sustained decline in these operations could materially adversely affect our business and financial results. declines in financial performance of our u.s. operations, particularly in california, and our canadian operations could arise from, among other things: slow growth or declines in comparable warehouse sales (comparable sales); negative trends in operating expenses, including increased labor, healthcare and energy costs; failing to meet targets for warehouse openings; cannibalizing existing locations with new warehouses; shifts in sales mix toward lower gross margin products; changes or uncertainties in economic conditions in our markets, including higher levels of unemployment and depressed home values; and failing to consistently provide high quality and innovative new products.
we may be unsuccessful implementing our growth strategy, including expanding our business in existing markets and new markets, and integrating acquisitions, which could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our growth is dependent, in part, on our ability to acquire property and build or lease new warehouses and depots. we compete with other retailers and businesses for suitable locations. local land use and other regulations restricting the construction and operation of our warehouses and depots, as well as local community actions opposed to the location of our warehouses or depots at specific sites and the adoption of local laws restricting our operations and environmental regulations, may impact our ability to find suitable locations and increase the cost of sites and of constructing, leasing and operating warehouses and depots. we also may have difficulty negotiating leases or purchase agreements on acceptable terms. in addition, certain jurisdictions have enacted or proposed laws and regulations that would prevent or restrict the operation or expansion plans of certain large retailers and warehouse clubs, including us. failure to effectively manage these and other similar factors may affect our ability to timely build or lease and operate new warehouses and depots, which could have a material adverse effect on our future growth and profitability.
we seek to expand in existing markets to attain a greater overall market share. a new warehouse may draw members away from our existing warehouses and adversely affect their comparable sales performance, member traffic, and profitability.
we intend to continue to open warehouses in new markets. associated risks include difficulties in attracting members due to a lack of familiarity with us, attracting members of other wholesale club operators, our lesser familiarity with local member preferences, and seasonal differences in the market. entry into new markets may bring us into competition with new competitors or with existing competitors with a large, established market presence. we cannot ensure that new warehouses and new e-commerce websites will be profitable and, as a result, future profitability could be delayed or otherwise materially adversely affected.
we have made and may continue to make investments and acquisitions to improve the speed, accuracy and efficiency of our supply chains. the effectiveness of these investments can be less predictable than opening new locations and might not provide the anticipated benefits or desired rates of return.
our failure to maintain membership growth, loyalty and brand recognition could adversely affect our results of operations.
membership loyalty and growth are essential to our business. the extent to which we achieve growth in our membership base, increase the penetration of executive members, and sustain high renewal rates materially influences our profitability. damage to our brands or reputation may negatively impact comparable sales, diminish member trust, and reduce renewal rates and, accordingly, net sales and membership fee revenue, negatively impacting our results of operations.
we sell many products under our kirkland signature brand. maintaining consistent product quality, competitive pricing, and availability of these products is essential to developing and maintaining member loyalty. these products also generally carry higher margins than national brand products and represent a growing portion of our overall sales. if the kirkland signature brand experiences a loss of member acceptance or confidence, our sales and gross margin results could be adversely affected.
disruptions in merchandise distribution or processing, packaging, manufacturing, and other facilities could adversely affect sales and member satisfaction.
we depend on the orderly operation of the merchandise receiving and distribution process, primarily through our depots. we also rely upon processing, packaging, manufacturing and other facilities to support our business, which includes the production of certain private-label items. although we believe that our operations are efficient, disruptions due to fires, tornadoes, hurricanes, earthquakes, pandemics or other extreme weather conditions or catastrophic events, labor issues or other shipping problems may result in delays in the production and delivery of merchandise to our warehouses, which could adversely affect sales and the satisfaction of our members. our e-commerce business depends heavily on third-party logistics providers and that business is negatively affected when these providers are unable to provide services in a timely fashion.
we may not timely identify or effectively respond to consumer trends, which could negatively affect our relationship with our members, the demand for our products and services, and our market share.
it is difficult to consistently and successfully predict the products and services that our members will desire. our success depends, in part, on our ability to identify and respond to trends in demographics and consumer preferences. failure to identify timely or effectively respond to changing consumer tastes, preferences (including those relating to sustainability of product sources and animal welfare) and spending patterns could negatively affect our relationship with our members, the demand for our products and services, and our market share. if we are not successful at predicting our sales trends and adjusting our purchases accordingly, we may have excess inventory, which could result in additional markdowns, or we may experience out-of-stock positions and delivery delays, which could result in higher costs, both of which would reduce our operating performance. this could have an adverse effect on net sales, gross margin and operating income.
availability and performance of our information technology (it) systems are vital for our business to operate efficiently. failure to execute complex it projects, and have these it systems available to our business will adversely impact our operations.
it systems play a crucial role in conducting our business on a daily basis. these systems are utilized to process a very high volume of transactions, conduct payment transactions, track and value our inventory and produce reports which are critical for making business decisions on a daily, weekly and periodic basis. failure or disruption of these it systems could have an adverse impact on our ability to buy products from our suppliers, produce goods in our manufacturing plants, move the products in an efficient manner to our warehouses and sell products to our members. we are undertaking large technology and it transformation projects. the failure of these projects could adversely impact our business plans and potentially impair our day to day business operations. given the high volume of transactions we process, it is important that we build strong digital resiliency for our business-critical systems to prevent disruption from events such as power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, internal or external security breaches, errors by employees, and catastrophic events such as fires, earthquakes tornadoes and hurricanes. any debilitating failure of our critical it systems, data centers and backup systems would require significant investments in resources to restore it services and may cause serious impairment in our business operations including loss of business services, increased cost of moving merchandise and failure to provide service to our members. we are currently making significant investments in enhancing our digital resiliency and failure or delay in execution of these projects could delay our ability to be resilient to disruptive events. failure to deliver our it transformation efforts efficiently and effectively could result in the loss of our competitive position and adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations.
we are required to maintain the privacy and security of personal and business information amidst evolving threat landscapes and in compliance with emerging privacy and data protection regulations globally. failure to meet the requirements could damage our reputation with members, suppliers and employees, cause us to incur substantial additional costs, and become subject to litigation.
increased it security threats and more sophisticated computer crime pose a risk to our systems, networks, products and services. we rely upon it systems and networks, some of which are managed by third parties, in connection with a variety of business activities. additionally, we collect, store and process sensitive information relating to our business, members, suppliers and employees. operating these it systems and networks, and processing and maintaining this data, in a secure manner, is critical to our business operations and strategy. the increased use of remote work infrastructure due to the covid-19 pandemic has also increased the possible attack surfaces. security threats designed to gain unauthorized access to our systems, networks and data, are increasing in frequency and sophistication. cybersecurity attacks may range from random attempts to coordinated and targeted attacks, including sophisticated computer crimes and advanced persistent threats. these threats pose a risk to the security of our systems and networks and the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our data. it is possible that our it systems and networks, or those managed by third parties such as cloud providers, could have vulnerabilities, which could go unnoticed for a period of time. while our cybersecurity and compliance posture seeks to mitigate such risks, there can be no guarantee that the actions and controls we and our third-party service providers have implemented and are implementing, will be sufficient to protect our systems, information or other property.
the potential impacts of a future material cybersecurity attack includes reputational damage, litigation, government enforcement actions, penalties, disruption to systems, unauthorized release of confidential or otherwise protected information, corruption of data, diminution in the value of our investment in it systems and increased cybersecurity protection and remediation costs. this could adversely affect our competitiveness, results of operations and financial condition and loss of member confidence. further, the amount of insurance coverage we maintain may be inadequate to cover claims or liabilities relating to a cybersecurity attack. in addition, data we collect, store and process is subject to a variety of u.s. and international laws and regulations, such as the european union's general data protection regulation, california consumer privacy act, health insurance portability and accountability act, china cybersecurity law and other emerging privacy and cybersecurity laws across the various states and around the globe, which may carry significant potential penalties for noncompliance.
we are subject to payment-related risks.
we accept payments using a variety of methods, including select credit and debit cards, cash and checks, co-brand cardholder rebates, executive member 2% reward certificates, and our shop card. as we offer new payment options to our members, we may be subject to additional rules, regulations, compliance requirements, and higher fraud losses. for certain payment methods, we pay interchange and other related acceptance fees, along with additional transaction processing fees. we rely on third parties to provide payment transaction processing services for credit and debit cards and our shop card. it could disrupt our business if these parties become unwilling or unable to provide these services to us. we are also subject to evolving payment card association and network operating rules, including data security rules, certification requirements and rules governing electronic funds transfers. for example, we are subject to payment card industry data security standards, which contain compliance guidelines and standards with regard to our security surrounding the physical and electronic storage, processing and transmission of individual cardholder data. if our internal systems are breached or compromised, we may be liable for card re-issuance costs, subject to fines and higher transaction fees and lose our ability to accept card payments from our members, and our business and operating results could be adversely affected.
we might sell products that cause illness or injury to our members, harm to our reputation, and expose us to litigation.
if our merchandise, including food and prepared food products for human consumption, drugs, children's products, pet products and durable goods, do not meet or are perceived not to meet applicable safety standards or our members' expectations regarding safety, we could experience lost sales, increased costs, litigation or reputational harm. the sale of these items involves the risk of illness or injury to our members. such illnesses or injuries could result from tampering by unauthorized third parties, product contamination or spoilage, including the presence of foreign objects, substances, chemicals, other agents, or residues introduced during the growing, manufacturing, storage, handling and transportation phases, or faulty design. our suppliers are generally contractually required to comply with product safety laws, and we are dependent on them to ensure that the products we buy comply with safety and other standards. while we are subject to governmental inspection and regulations and work to comply in all material respects with applicable laws and regulations, we cannot be sure that consumption or use of our products will not cause illness or injury or that we will not be subject to claims, lawsuits, or government investigations relating to such matters, resulting in costly product recalls and other liabilities that could adversely affect our business and results of operations. even if a product liability claim is unsuccessful or is not fully pursued, negative publicity could adversely affect our reputation with existing and potential members and our corporate and brand image, and these effects could be long-term.
if we do not successfully develop and maintain a relevant omnichannel experience for our members, our results of operations could be adversely impacted.
omnichannel retailing is rapidly evolving, and we must keep pace with changing member expectations and new developments by our competitors. our members are increasingly using mobile phones, tablets, computers, and other devices to shop and to interact with us through social media, particularly in the wake of covid-19. we are making investments in our websites and mobile applications. if we are unable to make, improve, or develop relevant member-facing technology in a timely manner, our ability to compete and our results of operations could be adversely affected.
inability to attract, train and retain highly qualified employees could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our success depends on the continued contributions of our employees, including members of our senior management and other key operations, it, merchandising and administrative personnel. failure to identify and implement a succession plan for senior management could negatively impact our business. we must attract, train and retain a large and growing number of qualified employees, while controlling related labor costs and maintaining our core values. our ability to control labor and benefit costs is subject to numerous internal and external factors, including regulatory changes, prevailing wage rates, and healthcare and other insurance costs. we compete with other retail and non-retail businesses for these employees and invest significant resources in training and motivating them. there is no assurance that we will be able to attract or retain highly qualified employees in the future, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we may incur property, casualty or other losses not covered by our insurance.
claims for employee health care benefits, workers' compensation, general liability, property damage, directors' and officers' liability, vehicle liability, inventory loss, and other exposures are funded predominantly through self-insurance. insurance coverage is maintained in certain instances to limit exposures arising from very large losses. the types and amounts of insurance may vary from time to time based on our decisions with respect to risk retention and regulatory requirements. significant claims or events, regulatory changes, a substantial rise in costs of health care or costs to maintain our insurance or the failure to maintain adequate insurance coverage could have an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations.
although we maintain specific coverages for catastrophic property losses, we still bear a significant portion of the risk of losses incurred as a result of any physical damage to, or the destruction of, any warehouses, depots, manufacturing or home office facilities, loss or spoilage of inventory, and business interruption. such losses could materially impact our cash flows and results of operations.
market and other external risks we face strong competition from other retailers and warehouse club operators, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
the retail business is highly competitive. we compete for members, employees, sites, products and services and in other important respects with a wide range of local, regional and national wholesalers and retailers, both in the united states and in foreign countries, including other warehouse-club operators, supermarkets, supercenters, internet retailers, gasoline stations, hard discounters, department and specialty stores and operators selling a single category or narrow range of merchandise. such retailers and warehouse club operators compete in a variety of ways, including pricing, selection and availability, services, location, convenience, store hours, and the attractiveness and ease of use of websites and mobile applications. the evolution of retailing in online and mobile channels has improved the ability of customers to comparison shop, which has enhanced competition. some competitors may have greater financial resources and technology capabilities, better access to merchandise, and greater market penetration than we do. our inability to respond effectively to competitive pressures, changes in the retail markets and customer expectations could result in lost market share and negatively affect our financial results.
general economic factors, domestically and internationally, may adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
higher energy and gasoline costs, inflation, levels of unemployment, healthcare costs, consumer debt levels, foreign-currency exchange rates, unsettled financial markets, weaknesses in housing and real estate markets, reduced consumer confidence, changes and uncertainties related to government fiscal and tax policies including changes in tax rates, duties, tariffs, or other restrictions, sovereign debt crises, pandemics and other health crises, and other economic factors could adversely affect demand for our products and services, require a change in product mix, or impact the cost of or ability to purchase inventory. additionally, actions in various countries, particularly china and the united states, have raised the cost of many items and created uncertainty with respect to tariff impacts on the costs of some of our merchandise. the degree of our exposure is dependent on (among other things) the type of goods, rates imposed, and timing of the tariffs. the impact to our business, including net sales and gross margin, will be influenced in part by merchandising and pricing strategies in response to potential cost increases by us and our competitors. while these potential impacts are uncertain, they could have an adverse impact on our financial results.
prices of certain commodities, including gasoline and consumable goods used in manufacturing and our warehouse retail operations, are historically volatile and are subject to fluctuations arising from changes in domestic and international supply and demand, labor costs, competition, market speculation, government regulations, taxes and periodic delays in delivery. rapid and significant changes in commodity prices and our ability and desire to pass them through to our members may affect our sales and profit margins. these factors could also increase our merchandise costs and selling, general and administrative expenses, and otherwise adversely affect our operations and financial results. general economic conditions can also be affected by events like the outbreak of war or acts of terrorism.
suppliers may be unable to timely supply us with quality merchandise at competitive prices or may fail to adhere to our high standards, resulting in adverse effects on our business, merchandise inventories, sales, and profit margins.
we depend heavily on our ability to purchase quality merchandise in sufficient quantities at competitive prices. as the quantities we require continue to grow, we have no assurances of continued supply, appropriate pricing or access to new products, and any supplier has the ability to change the terms upon which they sell to us or discontinue selling to us. member demands may lead to out-of-stock positions causing a loss of sales and profits.
we buy from numerous domestic and foreign manufacturers and importers. our inability to acquire suitable merchandise on acceptable terms or the loss of key suppliers could negatively affect us. we may not be able to develop relationships with new suppliers, and products from alternative sources, if any, may be of a lesser quality or more expensive. because of our efforts to adhere to high quality standards for which available supply may be limited, particularly for certain food items, the large volumes we demand may not be consistently available.
our suppliers (and those they depend upon for materials and services) are subject to risks, including labor disputes, union organizing activities, financial liquidity, natural disasters, extreme weather conditions, public health emergencies, supply constraints and general economic and political conditions that could limit their ability to timely provide us with acceptable merchandise. one or more of our suppliers might not adhere to our quality control, legal, regulatory, labor, environmental or animal welfare standards. these deficiencies may delay or preclude delivery of merchandise to us and might not be identified before we sell such merchandise to our members. this failure could lead to recalls and litigation and otherwise damage our reputation and our brands, increase costs, and otherwise adversely impact our business.
fluctuations in foreign exchange rates may adversely affect our results of operations.
during 2020, our international operations, including canada, generated 27% and 33% of our net sales and operating income, respectively. our international operations have accounted for an increasing portion of our warehouses, and we plan to continue international growth. to prepare our consolidated financial statements, we translate the financial statements of our international operations from local currencies into u.s. dollars using current exchange rates. future fluctuations in exchange rates that are unfavorable to us may adversely affect the financial performance of our canadian and other international operations and have a corresponding adverse period-over-period effect on our results of operations. as we continue to expand internationally, our exposure to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates may increase.
a portion of the products we purchase is paid for in a currency other than the local currency of the country in which the goods are sold. currency fluctuations may increase our cost of goods and may not be passed on to members. consequently, fluctuations in currency exchange rates may adversely affect our results of operations.
natural disasters, extreme weather conditions, public health emergencies or other catastrophic events could negatively affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
natural disasters and extreme weather conditions, such as hurricanes, typhoons, floods, earthquakes; acts of terrorism or violence, including active shooter situations; public health issues, including pandemics and quarantines, particularly in california or washington state, where our centralized operating systems and administrative personnel are located, could negatively affect our operations and financial performance. such events could result in physical damage to our properties, limitations on store operating hours, less frequent visits by members to physical locations, the temporary closure of warehouses, depots, manufacturing or home office facilities, the temporary lack of an adequate work force, disruptions to our it systems, the temporary or long-term disruption in the supply of products from some local or overseas suppliers, the temporary disruption in the transport of goods to or from overseas, delays in the delivery of goods to our warehouses or depots, and the temporary reduction in the availability of products in our warehouses. public health issues, whether occurring in the u.s. or abroad, could disrupt our operations, disrupt the operations of suppliers or members, or have an adverse impact on consumer spending and confidence levels. these events could also reduce demand for our products or make it difficult or impossible to procure products. we may be required to suspend operations in some or all of our locations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
the covid-19 pandemic is affecting our business, financial condition and results of operations in many respects.
the continuing impacts of the covid-19 pandemic are highly unpredictable and volatile, and are affecting certain business operations, demand for our products and services, in-stock positions, costs of doing business, availability of labor, access to inventory, supply chain operations, our ability to predict future performance, exposure to litigation, and our financial performance, among other things.
the covid-19 pandemic has resulted in widespread and continuing impacts on the global economy and on our employees, members, suppliers and other people and entities with which we do business. there is considerable uncertainty regarding the extent to which covid-19 will continue to spread and the extent and duration of measures to try to contain the virus, such as travel bans and restrictions, quarantines, shelter-in-place orders and business and government shutdowns. we are taking precautionary measures intended to help minimize the risk of the virus to our employees, including temporarily requiring some employees to work remotely. to reward our employees for exemplary service in difficult times we temporarily increased compensation levels and otherwise incurred increased spending for wages and benefits, including overtime pay. the pandemic and any preventative or protective actions that governments or we may take are likely to result in a period of business disruption, reduced member traffic and reduced sales in certain merchandise categories, and increased operating expenses.
the pandemic has significantly impacted the global supply chain, with restrictions and limitations on business activities causing disruption and delay. these disruptions and delays have strained certain domestic and international supply chains, which have affected and could continue to negatively affect the flow or availability of certain products. member demand for certain products has also fluctuated as the pandemic has progressed and member behaviors have changed, which has challenged our ability to anticipate and/or adjust inventory levels to meet that demand. these factors have resulted in higher out-of-stock positions in certain products, as well as delays in delivering those products. even if we are able to find alternate sources for certain products, they may cost more or require us to incur higher transportation costs, adversely impacting our profitability and financial condition. similarly, increased demand for online purchases of products has impacted our fulfillment operations, resulting in delays in delivering products to members.
if we do not respond appropriately to the pandemic, or if our members do not participate in social distancing and other safety measures, the well-being of our employees and members could be at risk, and a failure to appropriately respond, or the perception of an inadequate response, could cause reputational harm to our brand and subject us to lost sales and claims from employees, members, suppliers, regulators or other parties. additionally, a future outbreak of confirmed cases of covid-19 in our facilities could result in temporary or sustained workforce shortages or facility closures, which would negatively impact our business and results of operations. some jurisdictions have taken measures intended to expand the availability of workers compensation or to change the presumptions applicable to workers compensation measures. these actions may increase our exposure to claims and increase our costs.
in an effort to strengthen our liquidity position, during the year we issued $4,000 million senior notes, a portion of which was used to repay, prior to maturity, $1,500 million of our 2.150% and 2.250% senior notes. financial and credit markets have experienced and may continue to experience significant volatility and turmoil. our continued access to external sources of liquidity depends on multiple factors, including the condition of debt capital markets, our operating performance, and maintaining strong credit ratings. if the impacts of the pandemic continue to disrupt the financial markets, or if rating agencies lower our credit ratings, it could adversely affect our ability to access the debt markets, our cost of funds, and other terms for new debt or other sources of external liquidity, if needed.
other factors and uncertainties include, but are not limited to:
•the severity and duration of the pandemic, including whether there is a "second wave" caused by additional periods of increases or spikes in the number of covid-19 cases, future mutations or related strains of the virus in areas in which we operate;
•evolving macroeconomic factors, including general economic uncertainty, unemployment rates, and recessionary pressures;
•unknown consequences on our business performance and initiatives stemming from the substantial investment of time and other resources to the pandemic response;
•the pace of recovery when the pandemic subsides; and
•the long-term impact of the pandemic on our business, including consumer behaviors.
to the extent that covid-19 continues to adversely affect the u.s. and global economy, our business, results of operations, cash flows, or financial condition, it may also heighten other risks described in this section, including but not limited to those related to consumer behavior and expectations, competition, brand reputation, implementation of strategic initiatives, cybersecurity threats, payment-related risks, technology systems disruption, supply chain disruptions, labor availability and cost, litigation, operational risk as a result of remote work arrangements and regulatory requirements.
factors associated with climate change could adversely affect our business.
we use natural gas, diesel fuel, gasoline, and electricity in our distribution and warehouse operations. government regulations limiting carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gas emissions may increase compliance and merchandise costs, and other regulation affecting energy inputs could materially affect our profitability. climate change, extreme weather conditions, and rising sea levels could affect our ability to procure commodities at costs and in quantities we currently experience. we also sell a substantial amount of gasoline, the demand for which could be impacted by concerns about climate change and which face increased regulation.
failure to meet financial market expectations could adversely affect the market price and volatility of our stock.
we believe that the price of our stock currently reflects high market expectations for our future operating results. any failure to meet or delay in meeting these expectations, including our warehouse and e-commerce comparable sales growth rates, membership renewal rates, new member sign-ups, gross margin, earnings, earnings per share, new warehouse openings, or dividend or stock repurchase policies could cause the market price of our stock to decline.
legal and regulatory risks we are subject to risks associated with the legislative, judicial, accounting, regulatory, political and economic factors specific to the countries or regions in which we operate, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
at the end of 2020, we operated 243 warehouses outside of the u.s., and we plan to continue expanding our international operations. future operating results internationally could be negatively affected by a variety of factors, many similar to those we face in the u.s., certain of which are beyond our control.
these factors include political and economic conditions, regulatory constraints, currency regulations, policy changes such as the withdrawal of the u.k. from the european union, and other matters in any of the countries or regions in which we operate, now or in the future. other factors that may impact international operations include foreign trade (including tariffs and trade sanctions), monetary and fiscal policies and the laws and regulations of the u.s. and foreign governments, agencies and similar organizations, and risks associated with having major facilities in locations which have been historically less stable than the u.s. risks inherent in international operations also include, among others, the costs and difficulties of managing international operations, adverse tax consequences, and difficulty in enforcing intellectual property rights.
we are exposed to risks relating to evaluations of controls required by section 404 of the sarbanes-oxley act.
section 404 of the sarbanes-oxley act of 2002 requires management assessments of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures. if we are unable to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting or disclosure controls and procedures, our ability to record, process and report financial information accurately and to prepare financial statements within required time periods could be adversely affected, which could subject us to litigation or investigations requiring management resources and payment of legal and other expenses, negatively affect investor confidence in our financial statements and adversely impact our stock price.
changes in accounting standards and subjective assumptions, estimates and judgments by management related to complex accounting matters could significantly affect our financial condition and results of operations.
accounting principles and related pronouncements, implementation guidelines, and interpretations we apply to a wide range of matters that are relevant to our business, including self-insurance liabilities, are highly complex and involve subjective assumptions, estimates and judgments by our management. changes in rules or interpretation or changes in underlying assumptions, estimates or judgments by our management could significantly change our reported or expected financial performance and have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.
we could be subject to additional tax liabilities.
we are subject to a variety of taxes and tax collection and remittance obligations in the u.s. and numerous foreign jurisdictions. additionally, at any point in time, we may be under examination for value added, sales-based, payroll, product, import or other non-income taxes. we may recognize additional tax expense, be subject to additional tax liabilities, or incur losses and penalties, due to changes in laws, regulations, administrative practices, principles, assessments by authorities and interpretations related to tax, including tax rules in various jurisdictions. we compute our income tax provision based on enacted tax rates in the countries in which we operate. as tax rates vary among countries, a change in earnings attributable to the various jurisdictions in which we operate could result in an unfavorable change in our overall tax provision. additionally, changes in the enacted tax rates or adverse outcomes in tax audits, including transfer pricing disputes, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
significant changes in or failure to comply with regulations relating to the use, storage, discharge and disposal of hazardous materials, hazardous and non-hazardous wastes and other environmental matters could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we are subject to a wide and increasingly broad array of federal, state, regional, local and international laws and regulations relating to the use, storage, discharge and disposal of hazardous materials, hazardous and non-hazardous wastes and other environmental matters. failure to comply with these laws could result in harm to our members, employees or others, significant costs to satisfy environmental compliance, remediation or compensatory requirements, or the imposition of severe penalties or restrictions on operations by governmental agencies or courts that could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
operations at our facilities require the treatment and disposal of wastewater, stormwater and agricultural and food processing wastes, the use and maintenance of refrigeration systems, including ammonia-based chillers, noise, odor and dust management, the operation of mechanized processing equipment, and other operations that potentially could affect the environment and public health and safety. failure to comply with current and future environmental, health and safety standards could result in the imposition of fines and penalties, illness or injury of our employees, and claims or lawsuits related to such illnesses or injuries, and temporary closures or limits on the operations of facilities.
we are involved in a number of legal proceedings and audits and some of these outcomes could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our business requires compliance with many laws and regulations. failure to achieve compliance could subject us to lawsuits and other proceedings, and lead to damage awards, fines, penalties, and remediation costs. we are or may become involved in a number of legal proceedings and audits, including grand jury investigations, government and agency investigations, and consumer, employment, tort, unclaimed property laws, and other litigation. we cannot predict with certainty the outcomes of these proceedings and other contingencies, including environmental remediation and other proceedings commenced by governmental authorities. the outcome of some of these proceedings, audits, unclaimed property laws, and other contingencies could require us to take, or refrain from taking, actions which could negatively affect our operations or could require us to pay substantial amounts of money, adversely affecting our financial condition and results of operations. additionally, defending against these lawsuits and proceedings may involve significant expense and diversion of management's attention and resources.
item 7-management's discussion and analysis of financial conditions and results of operations (amounts in millions, except per share, share, membership fee, and warehouse count data)
overview we believe that the most important driver of our profitability is increasing net sales, particularly comparable sales growth. net sales includes our core merchandise categories (food and sundries, hardlines, softlines, and fresh foods), warehouse ancillary and other businesses. we define comparable sales as net sales from warehouses open for more than one year, including remodels, relocations and expansions, and sales related to e-commerce websites operating for more than one year. comparable sales growth is achieved through increasing shopping frequency from new and existing members and the amount they spend on each visit (average ticket). sales comparisons can also be particularly influenced by certain factors that are beyond our control: fluctuations in currency exchange rates (with respect to the consolidation of the results of our international operations); and changes in the cost of gasoline and associated competitive conditions (primarily impacting our u.s. and canadian operations). the higher our comparable sales exclusive of these items, the more we can leverage certain of our selling, general and administrative (sg&a) expenses, reducing them as a percentage of sales and enhancing profitability. generating comparable sales growth is foremost a question of making available to our members the right merchandise at the right prices, a skill that we believe we have repeatedly demonstrated over the long-term. another substantial factor in net sales growth is the health of the economies in which we do business, including the effects of inflation or deflation, especially the united states. net sales growth and gross margins are also impacted by our competition, which is vigorous and widespread, across a wide range of global, national and regional wholesalers and retailers, including those with e-commerce operations. while we cannot control or reliably predict general economic health or changes in competition, we believe that we have been successful historically in adapting our business to these changes, such as through adjustments to our pricing and merchandise mix, including increasing the penetration of our private-label items and through online offerings.
our philosophy is to provide our members with quality goods and services at competitive prices. we do not focus in the short-term on maximizing prices charged, but instead seek to maintain what we believe is a perception among our members of our "pricing authority" on quality goods - consistently providing the most competitive values. our investments in merchandise pricing may include reducing prices on merchandise to drive sales or meet competition and holding prices steady despite cost increases instead of passing the increases on to our members, all negatively impacting gross margin as a percentage of net sales (gross margin percentage). we believe our gasoline business draws members, but it generally has a lower gross margin percentage relative to our non-gasoline business. it also has lower sg&a expenses as a percent of net sales compared to our non-gasoline business. a higher penetration of gasoline sales will generally lower our gross margin percentage. rapidly changing gasoline prices may significantly impact our near-term net sales growth. generally, rising gasoline prices benefit net sales growth which, given the higher sales base, negatively impacts our gross margin percentage but decreases our sg&a expenses as a percentage of net sales. a decline in gasoline prices has the inverse effect. additionally, actions in various countries, particularly china and the united states, have created uncertainty with respect to how tariffs will affect the costs of some of our merchandise. the degree of our exposure is dependent on (among other things) the type of goods, rates imposed, and timing of the tariffs. the impact to our net sales and gross margin will be influenced in part by our merchandising and pricing strategies in response to cost increases. while these potential impacts are uncertain, they could have an adverse impact on our results.
we also achieve net sales growth by opening new warehouses. as our warehouse base grows, available and desirable sites become more difficult to secure, and square footage growth becomes a comparatively less substantial component of growth. the negative aspects of such growth, however, including lower initial operating profitability relative to existing warehouses and cannibalization of sales at existing warehouses when openings occur in existing markets, are continuing to decline in significance as they relate to the results of our total operations. our rate of operating floor space square footage growth is generally higher in foreign markets, due to the smaller base in those markets, and we expect that to continue. our e-commerce business growth, domestically and internationally, has also increased our sales but it generally has a lower gross margin percentage relative to our warehouse business.
the membership format is an integral part of our business and has a significant effect on our profitability. this format is designed to reinforce member loyalty and provide continuing fee revenue. the extent to which we achieve growth in our membership base, increase the penetration of our executive members, and sustain high renewal rates materially influences our profitability. our paid membership growth rate may be adversely impacted when warehouse openings occur in existing markets as compared to new markets.
our financial performance depends heavily on controlling costs. while we believe that we have achieved successes in this area, some significant costs are partially outside our control, particularly health care and utility expenses. with respect to the compensation of our employees, our philosophy is not to seek to minimize their wages and benefits. rather, we believe that achieving our longer-term objectives of reducing employee turnover and enhancing employee satisfaction requires maintaining compensation levels that are better than the industry average for much of our workforce. this may cause us, for example, to absorb costs that other employers might seek to pass through to their workforces. because our business operates on very low margins, modest changes in various items in the consolidated statements of income, particularly merchandise costs and selling, general and administrative expenses, can have substantial impacts on net income.
our operating model is generally the same across our u.s., canada, and other international operating segments (see note 12 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this report). certain countries in the other international segment have relatively higher rates of square footage growth, lower wage and benefit costs as a percentage of country sales, less or no direct membership warehouse competition, and may lack an e-commerce business.
in discussions of our consolidated operating results, we refer to the impact of changes in foreign currencies relative to the u.s. dollar, which are references to the differences between the foreign-exchange rates we use to convert the financial results of our international operations from local currencies into u.s. dollars for financial reporting purposes. this impact of foreign-exchange rate changes is calculated based on the difference between the current period's currency exchange rates and that of the comparable prior period. the impact of changes in gasoline prices on net sales is calculated based on the difference between the current period's average price per gallon sold and that of the comparable prior period.
our fiscal year ends on the sunday closest to august 31. references to 2020, 2019, and 2018 relate to the 52-week fiscal years ended august 30, 2020, september 1, 2019, and september 2, 2018, respectively. certain percentages presented are calculated using actual results prior to rounding. unless otherwise noted, references to net income relate to net income attributable to costco.
for discussion related to the results of operations and changes in financial condition for 2019 compared to 2018 refer to part ii, item 7, management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in our fiscal year 2019 form 10-k, which was filed with the united states securities and exchange commission on october 11, 2019.
highlights for 2020 included:
•we opened 16 new warehouses, including 3 relocations: 9 new in the u.s., 3 new in our other international segment, and 1 net new location in our canadian segment, compared to 25 new warehouses, including 5 relocations in 2019;
•net sales increased 9% to $163,220 driven by a 8% increase in comparable sales and sales at new warehouses opened in 2019 and 2020;
•membership fee revenue increased 6% to $3,541, primarily due to membership sign-ups at existing and new warehouses;
•gross margin percentage increased 18 basis points, driven primarily by certain core merchandise categories, partially offset by certain ancillary and other businesses, which were negatively impacted by covid-19 related closures or restrictions;
•sg&a expenses as a percentage of net sales decreased three basis points primarily due to leveraging increased sales and partial reversal of a previous year tax assessment. these benefits were partially offset by incremental wage and sanitation costs as a result of covid-19;
•the effective tax rate in 2020 was 24.4% compared to 22.3% in 2019;
•net income increased 9% to $4,002, or $9.02 per diluted share compared to $3,659, or $8.26 per diluted share in 2019;
•in february 2020, we acquired a 35% interest in navitus health solutions, a pharmacy benefit manager. in march 2020, we acquired innovel solutions, a company that provides final-mile delivery, installation and white-glove capabilities for big and bulky products across the united states and puerto rico;
•in april 2020, we issued $4,000 in aggregate principal amount of senior notes, some proceeds of which were used to repay $1,500 of senior notes; and
•in april 2020, the board of directors approved an increase in the quarterly cash dividend from $0.65 to $0.70 per share.
covid-19
on march 11, 2020, the world health organization announced that covid-19 infections had become a pandemic, and shortly afterward the u.s. declared a national emergency. the outbreak has led to widespread and continuing impacts on the global economy and is affecting many aspects of our business and the operations of others with which we do business. in our response to the pandemic and in an effort to protect our members and employees, we have taken several measures, as described in item 1a risk factors, and their implications on our results of operations have impacted us across all our reportable segments to varying degrees. throughout the pandemic our warehouses have largely remained open as a result of being deemed an "essential business" in most markets and resulted in strong sales increases in our food and sundries and fresh foods merchandise categories compared to pre-pandemic time periods. this growth in certain of our core business categories has led to improved gross margin and sg&a percentages as we leveraged these sales to achieve greater efficiency. our e-commerce business has also benefited, as more members have shopped online during the pandemic. conversely, we have experienced decreases in both the sales and profitability of many of our ancillary and other businesses due to temporary closures or limited demand. additionally, we paid $564 in incremental wage and sanitation costs during 2020 related to covid-19.
results of operations net sales
2020                                                                                                                                                    2019                       2018
net sales                                                                                                            $163,220                   $149,351                   $138,434
changes in net sales:
u.s.                                                                                                                        9   %                      9   %                      9   %
canada                                                                                                                      5   %                      3   %                     10   %
other international                                                                                                        13   %                      5   %                     14   %
total company                                                                                                               9   %                      8   %                     10   %
changes in comparable sales:
u.s.                                                                                                                        8   %                      8   %                      9   %
canada                                                                                                                      5   %                      2   %                      9   %
other international                                                                                                         9   %                      2   %                     11   %
total company                                                                                                               8   %                      6   %                      9   %
increases in comparable sales excluding the impact of changes in foreign currency and gasoline prices(1):
u.s.                                                                                                                        9   %                      6   %                      7   %
canada                                                                                                                      7   %                      5   %                      4   %
other international                                                                                                        11   %                      6   %                      7   %
total company                                                                                                               9   %                      6   %                      7   %
_______________
(1)excluding the impact of the revenue recognition standard for the year ended september 1, 2019.
net sales net sales increased $13,869 or 9% during 2020, primarily due to an 8% increase in comparable sales and sales at new warehouses opened in 2019 and 2020. during the second half of 2020, we experienced a significant sales shift from certain of our ancillary and other businesses to our core merchandise categories, primarily food and sundries and fresh foods, as a result of covid-19. this shift was largely driven by price deflation and lower volume in our gasoline business; temporary closures of most of our optical, hearing aid and photo departments; limited service in our food courts; and minimal demand in our travel business.
changes in gasoline prices negatively impacted net sales by $1,504, or 101 basis points, compared to 2019, due to a 10% decrease in the average price per gallon. the volume of gasoline sold decreased approximately 4%, negatively impacting net sales by $699, or 47 basis points. changes in foreign currencies relative to the u.s. dollar negatively impacted net sales by approximately $663, or 44 basis points, compared to 2019, attributable to our canadian and other international operations.
comparable sales comparable sales increased 8% during 2020 and were positively impacted by increases in average ticket. while traffic increased slightly in 2020, it decreased in the second half of the year due to capacity restrictions and regulations related to covid-19. there was an increase of 50% in e-commerce comparable sales in 2020, with an increase of 80% in the second half of the year.
membership fees
2020                                                                                 2019                     2018
membership fees                                       $3,541                   $3,352                   $3,142
membership fees increase                                   6   %                    7   %                   10   %
membership fees as a percentage of net sales            2.17   %                 2.24   %                 2.27   %
the increase in membership fees was primarily due to membership sign-ups at existing and new warehouses. at the end of 2020, our member renewal rates were 91% in the u.s. and canada and 88% worldwide. our renewal rate is a trailing calculation that captures renewals during the period seven to eighteen months prior to the reporting date.
we account for membership fee revenue on a deferred basis, recognized ratably over the one-year membership period. our membership counts include active memberships as well as memberships that have not renewed within the 12 months prior to the reporting date.
gross margin
2020                                                                   2019                          2018
net sales                        $163,220                      $149,351                      $138,434
less merchandise costs            144,939                       132,886                       123,152
gross margin                      $18,281                       $16,465                       $15,282
gross margin percentage             11.20   %                     11.02   %                     11.04   %
the gross margin of our core merchandise categories (food and sundries, hardlines, softlines and fresh foods), when expressed as a percentage of core merchandise sales (rather than total net sales), increased 16 basis points, primarily due to increases in fresh foods and softlines, partially offset by a decrease in hardlines. this measure eliminates the impact of changes in sales penetration and gross margins from our warehouse ancillary and other businesses. fresh foods gross margin increased as a result of efficiencies from increased sales, partially offset by operating losses from our poultry complex.
total gross margin percentage increased 18 basis points compared to 2019. excluding the impact of gasoline price deflation on net sales, gross margin percentage was 11.10%, an increase of eight basis points. this increase was primarily due to a 32 basis point increase in our core merchandise categories, predominantly fresh foods and food and sundries, partially offset by a decrease in softlines and hardlines. this increase was also positively impacted by our co-branded credit card program, which included an adjustment in 2019 to our estimate of breakage on rewards earned. these increases were partially offset by a decrease of 14 basis points in our warehouse ancillary and other businesses, predominantly certain ancillary businesses that were negatively impacted by covid-19 related closures or restrictions. however, certain of our ancillary and other businesses, such as tire shop, gasoline and e-commerce businesses, did improve. gross margin was also negatively impacted by incremental wage and sanitation costs related to covid-19 of six basis points, a reserve for certain inventory of three basis points, and increased spending by members under the executive membership 2% reward program of one basis point. changes in foreign currencies relative to the u.s. dollar negatively impacted gross margin by approximately $68 in 2020.
gross margin on a segment basis, when expressed as a percentage of the segment's own sales and excluding the impact of changes in gasoline prices on net sales (segment gross margin percentage), was impacted by increases in fresh foods and food and sundries and decreases in softlines and hardlines in each of our u.s., canadian, and other international segments. each of our segments were also negatively impacted by the incremental wage and sanitation costs as a result of covid-19. the segment gross margin percentage increased in our u.s. operations, predominantly in our core merchandise categories which includes the impact from our co-branded credit card program, as discussed above, partially offset by certain ancillary businesses that were negatively impacted by covid-19 related closures or restrictions. our canadian segment gross margin percentage decreased primarily due to certain of our warehouse ancillary and other businesses that were negatively impacted by covid-19 related closures or restrictions. the segment gross margin percentage increased in our other international operations primarily due to core merchandise categories, as discussed above, and was also positively impacted by certain warehouse ancillary and other businesses, predominantly e-commerce. these increases were partially offset by increased spending by members under the executive membership 2% reward program.
selling, general and administrative expenses
2020                                                                                       2019                        2018
sg&amp;a expenses                                       $16,332                     $14,994                     $13,876
sg&amp;a expenses as a percentage of net sales            10.01   %                   10.04   %                   10.02   %
sg&a expenses as a percentage of net sales decreased three basis points compared to 2019. sg&a expenses as a percentage of net sales, excluding the impact of gasoline price deflation, was 9.91%, a decrease of 13 basis points. sg&a expenses were negatively impacted by approximately $456, or 28 basis points, due to incremental wage and sanitation costs as a result of covid-19, and approximately $24 or one basis point due to costs associated with the acquisition of innovel (see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements). operating costs related to warehouse operations and other businesses, which include e-commerce and travel, were lower by 26 basis points, primarily due to leveraging increased sales. sg&a expenses were also benefited by 13 basis points related to a product tax assessment charge in 2019 which was partially reversed in 2020. stock compensation was lower by two basis points, and central operating costs were lower by one basis point. our canadian segment sg&a percentage was higher compared to 2019 due primarily to the incremental wage and sanitation costs related to covid as outlined above. changes in foreign currencies relative to the u.s. dollar positively impacted sg&a expenses by approximately $58.
preopening
2020                                                                          2019                2018
preopening expenses                                     $55                 $86                 $68
warehouse openings, including relocations united states                                             9                  18                  17
canada                                                    4                   3                   3
other international                                       3                   4                   5
total warehouse openings, including relocations          16                  25                  25
preopening expenses include costs for startup operations related to new warehouses and relocations, developments in new international markets, new manufacturing and distribution facilities, and expansions at existing warehouses. preopening expenses vary due to the number of warehouse and facility openings, the timing of the opening relative to our year-end, whether a warehouse is owned or leased, and whether openings are in an existing, new, or international market. in 2020, operations commenced at our new poultry processing plant, and in 2019, we opened our first warehouse in china.
interest expense
2020                                 2019                  2018
interest expense           $160                  $150                  $159
interest expense primarily relates to senior notes. in december 2019 and february 2020, we repaid $1,200 and $500 in total outstanding principal of the 1.700% and 1.750% senior notes, respectively. in april 2020, we issued $4,000 in aggregate principal amount of long-term debt consisting of $1,250 of 1.375% senior notes due june 2027; $1,750 of 1.600% senior notes due april 2030; and $1,000 of 1.750% senior notes due april 2032. a portion of the proceeds was used to repay, prior to maturity, $1,000 and $500 of the 2.150% and 2.250% senior notes. for more information on our debt arrangements refer to note 5 to the consolidated financial statements.
interest income and other, net
2020                                                                      2019                  2018
interest income                                   $89                  $126                   $75
foreign-currency transaction gains, net             7                    27                    23
other, net                                        (4)                    25                    23
interest income and other, net                    $92                  $178                  $121
the decrease in interest income in 2020 was primarily due to lower interest rates in the u.s. and canada, partially offset by higher average cash and investment balances. foreign-currency transaction gains, net include the revaluation and settlement of monetary assets and liabilities and mark-to-market adjustments for forward foreign-exchange contracts by our canadian and other international operations. see derivatives and foreign currency sections in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements. other, net was impacted by a $36 charge related to the repayment of certain senior notes, as discussed above and in note 5.
provision for income taxes
2020                                                               2019                     2018
provision for income taxes          $1,308                   $1,061                   $1,263
effective tax rate                    24.4   %                 22.3   %                 28.4   %
the effective tax rate for 2020 included discrete net tax benefits of $81, including a benefit of $77 due to excess tax benefits from stock compensation. excluding these benefits, the tax rate was 25.9% for 2020.
the effective tax rate for 2019 included discrete net tax benefits of $221, including a benefit of $59 due to excess tax benefits from stock compensation. this also included a tax benefit of $105 related to u.s. taxation of deemed foreign dividends, offset by losses of foreign tax credits, which impacted the effective tax rate. excluding these benefits, the tax rate was 26.9% for 2019.
liquidity and capital resources the following table summarizes our significant sources and uses of cash and cash equivalents:
2020                                                                            2019                    2018
net cash provided by operating activities          $8,861                  $6,356                  $5,774
net cash used in investing activities             (3,891)                 (2,865)                 (2,947)
net cash used in financing activities             (1,147)                 (1,147)                 (1,281)
our primary sources of liquidity are cash flows generated from our operations, cash and cash equivalents, and short-term investments. cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments were $13,305 and $9,444 at the end of 2020 and 2019, respectively. of these balances, unsettled credit and debit card receivables represented approximately $1,636 and $1,434 at the end of 2020 and 2019, respectively. these receivables generally settle within four days. cash and cash equivalents were positively impacted by a change in exchange rates of $70 in 2020, and negatively impacted by $15 and $37 in 2019 and 2018, respectively.
management believes that our cash position and operating cash flows will be sufficient to meet our liquidity and capital requirements for the foreseeable future. we believe that our u.s. current and projected asset position is sufficient to meet our u.s. liquidity requirements. we no longer consider earnings after 2017 of our non-u.s. consolidated subsidiaries to be indefinitely reinvested.
cash flows from operating activities net cash provided by operating activities totaled $8,861 in 2020, compared to $6,356 in 2019. our cash flow provided by operations is primarily derived from net sales and membership fees. cash flow used in operations generally consists of payments to our merchandise suppliers, warehouse operating costs, including payroll and employee benefits, utilities, and credit and debit card processing fees. cash used in operations also includes payments for income taxes. changes in our net investment in merchandise inventories (the difference between merchandise inventories and accounts payable) is impacted by several factors, including how fast inventory is sold, payment terms with our suppliers, and the amount of payables paid early to obtain discounts from our suppliers.
cash flows from investing activities net cash used in investing activities totaled $3,891 in 2020, compared to $2,865 in 2019, and primarily related to capital expenditures. in 2020, we acquired innovel and a minority interest in navitus. for more information see notes 1 and 2 to the consolidated financial statements. net cash flows from investing activities also includes maturities and purchases of short-term investments.
capital expenditures our primary requirement for capital is acquiring land, buildings, and equipment for new and remodeled warehouses. capital is also required for information systems, manufacturing and distribution facilities, initial warehouse operations, and working capital. in 2020, we spent $2,810 on capital expenditures, and it is our current intention to spend approximately $3,000 to $3,200 during fiscal 2021. these expenditures are expected to be financed with cash from operations, existing cash and cash equivalents, and short-term investments. we opened 16 new warehouses, including three relocations, in 2020, and plan to open approximately 23 additional new warehouses, including three relocations, in 2021. we have experienced delays in real estate and construction activities due to covid-19. there can be no assurance that current expectations will be realized and plans are subject to change upon further review of our capital expenditure needs or based on the current economic environment.
cash flows from financing activities net cash used in financing activities totaled $1,147 in both 2020 and 2019. in april 2020, we issued $4,000 in aggregate principal amount of senior notes as follows: $1,250 of 1.375% due june 2027; $1,750 of 1.600% due april 2030; and $1,000 of 1.750% due april 2032. a portion of the proceeds was used to repay, prior to maturity, the outstanding $1,000 and $500 principal balances on the 2.150% and 2.250% senior notes, respectively, at a redemption price plus accrued interest as specified in the notes' agreements. the remaining funds are intended for general corporate purposes.
financing activities also included $1,200 and $500 repayment of our 1.700% and 1.750% senior notes, respectively, payment of dividends, withholding taxes on stock-based awards, and repurchases of common stock.
stock repurchase programs during 2020 and 2019, we repurchased 643,000 and 1,097,000 shares of common stock, at average prices of $308.45 and $225.16, respectively, totaling approximately $198 and $247, respectively. these amounts may differ from the stock repurchase balances in the accompanying consolidated statements of cash flows due to changes in unsettled stock repurchases at the end of each fiscal year. purchases are made from time-to-time, as conditions warrant, in the open market or in block purchases and pursuant to plans under sec rule 10b5-1. repurchased shares are retired, in accordance with the washington business corporation act. the remaining amount available to be purchased under our approved plan was $3,745 at the end of 2020.
dividends cash dividends declared in 2020 totaled $2.70 per share, as compared to $2.44 per share in 2019. dividends totaling $1,479 were paid during 2020, of which $286 related to the dividend declared in august 2019. in april 2020, the board of directors increased our quarterly cash dividend from $0.65 to $0.70 per share. in july 2020, the board of directors declared a quarterly cash dividend in the amount of $0.70 per share, which was paid on august 14, 2020.
bank credit facilities and commercial paper programs we maintain bank credit facilities for working capital and general corporate purposes. at august 30, 2020, we had borrowing capacity under these facilities of $967. our international operations maintain $500 of the total borrowing capacity under bank credit facilities, of which $204 is guaranteed by the company. there were no outstanding short-term borrowings under the bank credit facilities at the end of 2020 and 2019.
the company has letter of credit facilities, for commercial and standby letters of credit, totaling $183. the outstanding commitments under these facilities at the end of 2020 totaled $166, most of which were standby letters of credit which do not expire or have expiration dates within one year. the bank credit facilities have various expiration dates, most of which are within one year, and we generally intend to renew these facilities. the amount of borrowings available at any time under our bank credit facilities is reduced by the amount of standby and commercial letters of credit outstanding.
contractual obligations at august 30, 2020, our commitments to make future payments under contractual obligations were as follows:
payments due by fiscal year contractual obligations                                                 2021                     2022 to 2023                     2024 to 2025                    2026 and thereafter                       total purchase obligations(1)                                          $12,575                            $9                               $-                                   $-                          $12,584
long-term debt(2)                                                    241                         1,163                            1,475                                5,776                            8,655
operating leases (3) (4)                                             273                           499                              388                                2,410                            3,570
construction and land obligations                                    979                            35                                -                                    -                            1,014
finance lease obligations(4)                                          61                           128                              197                                  742                            1,128
purchase obligations (equipment, services and other)(5)              674                           205                               72                                  187                            1,138
other(6)                                                              60                            36                               28                                  108            232
total                                                            $14,863                        $2,075                           $2,160                               $9,223                          $28,321
_______________
(1)includes open purchase orders primarily related to merchandise and supplies.
(2)includes contractual interest payments and excludes deferred issuance costs.
(3)operating lease payments have not been reduced by future sublease income of $101.
(4)includes amounts representing interest.
(5)excludes certain services negotiated at the individual warehouse or regional level that are not significant and generally contain clauses allowing for cancellation without significant penalty.
(6)includes asset retirement obligations and deferred compensation obligations. the amount excludes $25 of non-current unrecognized tax contingencies and $48 of other obligations due to uncertainty regarding the timing of future cash payments.
off-balance sheet arrangements in the opinion of management, we have no off-balance sheet arrangements that have had or are reasonably likely to have a material current or future effect on our financial condition or financial statements.
critical accounting estimates the preparation of our consolidated financial statements in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles (u.s. gaap) requires that we make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. we base our estimates on historical experience and on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable, and we continue to review and evaluate these estimates. for further information on significant accounting policies, see discussion in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this report.
insurance/self-insurance liabilities claims for employee health-care benefits, workers' compensation, general liability, property damage, directors' and officers' liability, vehicle liability, inventory loss, and other exposures are funded predominantly through self-insurance. insurance coverage is maintained in certain instances to seek to limit exposures arising from very large losses. we use different risk management mechanisms, including a wholly-owned captive insurance subsidiary, and participate in a reinsurance program. liabilities associated with the risks that we retain are not discounted and are estimated by using historical claims experience, demographic factors, severity factors, and other actuarial assumptions. the costs of claims are highly unpredictable and can fluctuate as a result of inflation rates, regulatory or legal changes, and unforeseen developments in claims over time. while we believe our estimates are reasonable and provide for a certain degree of coverage to account for these variables, actual claims and costs could differ significantly from recorded liabilities. historically, adjustments to our estimates have not been material.
recent accounting pronouncements see note 1 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this report for a detailed description of recent accounting pronouncements.
