item 1a.    risk factors.
risks relating to operating our business the outbreak of covid-19 has impacted our operations and caused an economic downturn, widespread unemployment and an adverse impact on consumer sentiment, and we expect that our business and results of operations will continue to be adversely affected by the impact of covid-19 for the foreseeable future.
on march 13, 2020, in response to the coronavirus public health emergency the u.s. government declared a national state of emergency. in an effort to help control the spread of covid-19, public health officials imposed or recommended various measures. all of our casino properties were temporarily closed for the period from mid-march 2020 due to orders issued by various government agencies and tribal bodies as part of certain precautionary measures intended to help slow the spread of the covid-19 public health emergency. see "item 1 - business - covid-19 public health emergency" for further description of the precautionary measures imposed on us and the temporary closure of our casinos. while we began to open our properties beginning in mid-may 2020 and almost all of our properties are currently open, our operations, financial results and cash flows have been, and we expect them to continue to be, affected by social distancing measures, including reduced gaming operations arising from the reconfiguration of our gaming floor, limitations on the number of customers present in our facilities, restrictions on hotel, food and beverage outlets and limits on events that would otherwise attract customers to our properties.
covid-19 has materially adversely affected the economy and financial markets of the united states and the world and has resulted in widespread unemployment in the united states. consumer demand for casino hotel and racetrack properties such as ours is particularly sensitive to downturns in the economy, unemployment and the associated impact on discretionary spending on leisure activities which bring demand for casino hotel properties such as ours. reduced customer demand could result in lower occupancy rates, reduced visitation and additional disruptions in our casino business.
the impact of covid-19 on our business remains uncertain. in particular, a delay in wide distribution of a vaccine, or a lack of public acceptance of a vaccine, could lead people to continue to self-isolate and not participate in the economy at pre-pandemic levels for a prolonged period of time. to the extent the u.s. economy and other major global economies experience a recession as a result of covid-19, our business and operations could be materially adversely affected.
the impact of changes in customer demand resulting from the economic downturn, widespread unemployment, reduced consumer confidence and consumer fears on our properties cannot reasonably be determined, but it could be significant and protracted. as a result of the foregoing, we expect that covid-19 will continue to have a material impact on our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations (including revenues and profitability) for an extended period of time.
we face substantial competition in the hotel and casino industry, especially in las vegas, our largest jurisdiction, and expect that such competition will continue.
the gaming industry is highly competitive and competition is intense in most of the markets in which we operate. we compete with a variety of gaming operations, including land-based casinos, dockside casinos, riverboat casinos, casinos located on racing tracks and casinos located on native american reservations and other forms of legalized gaming such as video gaming terminals (vgts) at bars, restaurants and truck stops and online gambling and sports betting. we also compete, to a lesser extent, with other forms of legalized gaming and entertainment such as bingo, pull tab games, card parlors, sportsbooks, fantasy sports websites, "cruise-to-nowhere" operations, pari-mutuel or telephonic betting on horse racing and dog racing, state-sponsored lotteries, jai-alai and, in the future, may compete with gaming at other venues. in addition, we compete more generally with other forms of entertainment for the discretionary spending of our customers. in some instances, particularly in the case of native american casinos, our competitors pay lower taxes or no taxes.
in recent years, many casino operators, including us, have reinvested in existing jurisdictions to attract new customers or to gain market share, thereby increasing competition in those jurisdictions. as an example, in response to changing trends, las vegas operators have been focused on expanding their non-gaming offerings, including upgrades to hotel rooms, new food and beverage offerings, and new entertainment offerings. the expansion of existing casino entertainment properties, the increase in the number of properties, and the aggressive marketing strategies of many of our competitors have increased competition in many markets in which we operate, and this intense competition is expected to continue. while the long term impact of covid-19 on these market dynamics remains uncertain, these competitive pressures have and are expected to continue to adversely affect our financial performance.
our brick-and-mortar operations face increasing competition as a result of the expansion of legalized online gaming and betting in a number of the jurisdictions in which we operate. while we believe that we are well positioned to compete with new entrants to the betting and gaming market through online betting and gaming, including through our online betting and gaming offerings, the competitive dynamic is evolving and we cannot assure you that our results of operations will not be adversely impacted by the expansion of legalized online gaming and betting.
states that already have legalized casino gaming may further expand gaming, and other states that have not yet legalized gaming may do so in the future. we also compete with native american gaming operations in california and other jurisdictions where native american tribes operate large-scale gaming facilities or otherwise conduct gaming activities on native american lands, which we expect will continue to expand. further expansion of legalized casino gaming in jurisdictions in or near our markets or changes to gaming laws in states in which we have operations and in states near our operations could increase competition and could adversely affect our operations.
increased competition may require us to make substantial capital expenditures to maintain and enhance the competitive positions of our properties to increase the attractiveness and add to the appeal of our facilities. because a significant portion of our cash flow is required to pay obligations under our outstanding indebtedness and our lease obligations, there can be no assurance that we will have sufficient funds to undertake, or that we will be able to obtain sufficient financing to fund, such expenditures. if we are unable to make such expenditures, our competitive position could be negatively affected.
our business is sensitive to reductions in discretionary consumer spending as a result of downturns in the economy and other factors outside our control.
consumer demand for casino hotel and racetrack properties such as ours is particularly sensitive to downturns in the economy and the associated impact on discretionary spending on leisure activities. changes in discretionary consumer spending or consumer preferences brought about by factors such as perceived or actual general economic conditions, effects of declines in consumer confidence in the economy, the impact of high energy and food costs, the increased cost of travel, decreased disposable consumer income and wealth, fears of war and future acts of terrorism, or widespread illnesses or epidemics, including covid-19, can have a material adverse effect on leisure and business travel, discretionary spending and other areas of economic behavior that directly impact the gaming and entertainment industries in general and could further reduce customer demand for the amenities that we offer. in addition, increases in gasoline prices, including increases prompted by global political and economic instabilities, can adversely affect our operations because most of our patrons travel to our properties by car or on airlines that may pass on increases in fuel costs to passengers in the form of higher ticket prices.
win rates (hold rates) for our casino operations depend on a variety of factors, some of which are beyond our control.
the gaming industry is characterized by an element of chance. accordingly, we employ theoretical win rates to estimate what a certain type of game, on average, will win or lose in the long run. in addition to the element of chance, win rates (hold percentages) are also affected by the spread of table limits and factors that are beyond our control, such as a player's skill, experience, and behavior, the mix of games played, the financial resources of players, the volume of bets placed, and the amount of time players spend gambling. as a result of the variability in these factors, the actual win rates at our casinos may differ from the theoretical win rates we have estimated and could result in the winnings of our gaming customers exceeding those anticipated. the variability of win rates (hold rates) also have the potential to negatively impact our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.
we face the risk of fraud, theft, and cheating.
we face the risk that gaming customers may attempt or commit fraud or theft or cheat in order to increase winnings. such acts of fraud, theft, or cheating could involve the use of counterfeit chips or other tactics, possibly in collusion with our employees. internal acts of cheating could also be conducted by employees through collusion with dealers, surveillance staff, floor managers, or other casino or gaming area staff. additionally, we also face the risk that customers may attempt or commit fraud or theft with respect to our non-gaming offerings or against other customers. such risks include stolen credit or charge cards or cash, falsified checks, theft of retail inventory and purchased goods, and unpaid or counterfeit receipts. failure to discover such acts or schemes in a timely manner could result in losses in our operations. negative publicity related to such acts or schemes could have an adverse effect on our reputation, potentially causing a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.
we extend credit to a portion of our customers, and we may not be able to collect gaming receivables from our credit customers.
we conduct our gaming activities on a credit and cash basis at many of our properties. any such credit we extend is unsecured. table games players typically are extended more credit than slot players, and high-stakes players typically are extended more credit than customers who tend to wager lower amounts. high-end gaming is more volatile than other forms of gaming, and variances in win-loss results attributable to high-end gaming may have a significant positive or negative impact on cash flow and earnings in a particular period. we extend credit to those customers whose level of play and financial resources warrant, in the opinion of management, an extension of credit. these large receivables could have a significant impact on our results of operations if deemed uncollectible. gaming debts evidenced by a credit instrument, including what is commonly referred to as a "marker," and judgments on gaming debts are enforceable under the current laws of the jurisdictions in which we allow play on a credit basis, and judgments on gaming debts in such jurisdictions are enforceable in all u.s. states under the full faith and credit clause of the u.s. constitution; however, other jurisdictions may determine that enforcement of gaming debts is against public policy. although courts of some foreign nations will enforce gaming debts directly and the assets in the u.s. of foreign debtors may be reached to satisfy a judgment, judgments on gaming debts from u.s. courts are not binding on the courts of many foreign nations.
in addition, in november 2017, the chinese government adopted new rules to control the cross-border transportation of cash and bearer negotiable instruments, specifically to reduce the international transfer of cash in connection with activities that are illegal in china, including gambling. the chinese government has recently taken steps to prohibit the transfer of cash for the payment of gaming debts. these developments may have the effect of reducing the collectability of gaming debts of players from china. it is unclear whether these and other measures will continue to be in effect or become more restrictive in the future. these and any future foreign currency control policy developments that may be implemented by foreign jurisdictions could significantly impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.
compromises of our information systems or unauthorized access to confidential information or our customers' personal information could materially harm our reputation and business.
we collect and store confidential, personal information relating to our customers for various business purposes, including marketing and financial purposes, and credit card information for processing payments. for example, we handle, collect and store personal information in connection with our customers staying at our hotels and enrolling in caesars rewards. we may share this personal and confidential information with vendors or other third parties in connection with processing of transactions, operating certain aspects of our business, or for marketing purposes. our collection and use of personal data are governed by state and federal privacy laws and regulations as well as the applicable laws and regulations in other countries in which we operate. privacy law is subject to frequent changes and varies significantly by jurisdiction. we may incur significant costs in order to ensure compliance with the various applicable privacy requirements. in addition, privacy laws and regulations may limit our ability to market to our customers.
we assess and monitor the security of collection, storage, and transmission of customer information on an ongoing basis. we utilize commercially available software and technologies to monitor, assess and secure our network. further, some of the systems currently used for transmission and approval of payment card transactions and the technology utilized in payment cards themselves, all of which can put payment card data at risk, are determined and controlled by the payment card industry, and other such systems are determined and controlled by us. although we have taken steps designed to safeguard our customers' confidential personal information and important internal company data, our network and other systems and those of third parties, such as service providers, could be compromised, damaged, or disrupted by a third-party breach of our system security or that of a third-party provider or as a result of purposeful or accidental actions of third parties, our employees, or those employees of a third party, power outages, computer viruses, system failures, natural disasters, or other catastrophic events. our third-party information system service providers face risks relating to cybersecurity similar to ours, and we do not directly control any of such parties' information security operations. advances in computer and software capabilities, encryption technology, new tools, and other developments may increase the risk of a security breach. as a result of any security breach, customer information or other proprietary data may be accessed or transmitted by or to a third party. despite the measures we have implemented to safeguard our information, there can be no assurance that we are adequately protecting our information.
any loss, disclosure of, misappropriation of, or access to customers' or other proprietary information or other breach of our information security could result in legal claims or legal proceedings, including regulatory investigations and actions, or liability for failure to comply with privacy and information security laws, including for failure to protect personal information or for misusing personal information, which could disrupt our operations, damage our reputation, and expose us to claims from customers, financial institutions, regulators, payment card associations, employees, and other persons, any of which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flow.
we have cybersecurity insurance to respond to a breach which is designed to cover expenses around notification, credit monitoring, investigation, crisis management, public relations and legal advice. we also carry other insurance which may cover ancillary aspects of the event; however, damage and claims arising from a breach may not be completely covered or may exceed the amount of any insurance available.
our reliance on our computer systems and software could expose us to great financial harm if any of our computer systems or software were subject to any material disruption or corruption.
we rely significantly on our computer systems and software to receive and properly process internal and external data, including data related to caesars rewards. a disruption or corruption of the proper functioning of our computer systems or software could cause us to lose data or record erroneous data, which could result in material losses. we cannot guarantee that our efforts to maintain competitive computer systems and software will be successful. our computer systems and software may fail or be subject to bugs or other errors, resulting in service interruptions or other unintended consequences. if any of these risks materialize, they could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations acts of terrorism, war, natural disasters, severe weather, and political, economic and military conditions may impede our ability to operate or may negatively impact our financial results.
terrorist attacks and other acts of war or hostility have created many economic and political uncertainties. for example, a substantial number of the customers of our properties in las vegas use air travel. as a result of terrorist acts that occurred on september 11, 2001, domestic and international travel was severely disrupted, which resulted in a decrease in customer visits to our properties in las vegas. visitation to las vegas also declined for a period of time following the mass shooting tragedy on october 1, 2017. we cannot predict the extent to which disruptions in air or other forms of travel as a result of any further terrorist act, security alerts or war, uprisings, or hostilities in places such as iraq, afghanistan, and/or syria or other countries throughout the world, and governmental responses to those acts or hostilities, will directly or indirectly impact our business and operating results. for example, our operations in cairo, egypt, were negatively affected from the uprising there in january 2011. as a consequence of the threat of terrorist attacks and other acts of war or hostility in the future, premiums for a variety of insurance products have increased, and some types of insurance are no longer available. if any such event were to affect our properties, we would likely be adversely affected.
in addition, natural and man-made disasters such as major fires, floods, severe snowstorms, hurricanes, earthquakes, and oil spills could also adversely impact our business and operating results. such events could lead to the loss of use of one or more of our properties for an extended period of time and disrupt our ability to attract customers to certain of our gaming facilities. for example, our property in lake charles, louisiana has been closed since august 27, 2020 due to damage resulting from hurricane laura. inadequate insurance or lack of available insurance for these and other certain types or levels of risk could expose us to significant losses in the event that a catastrophe occurred for which we are underinsured. in most cases, we have insurance that covers portions of any losses from a natural disaster, but it is subject to deductibles and maximum payouts in many cases. although we may be covered by insurance from a natural disaster, the timing of our receipt of insurance proceeds, if any, may be out of our control. in some cases, however, we may receive no proceeds from insurance. further, if properties subject to our leases with vici and glpi are impacted by a casualty event, such leases require us to repair or restore the affected properties even if the cost of such repair or restoration exceeds the insurance proceeds that we receive. under such circumstances, the rent under such leases is required to be paid during the period of repair or restoration even if all or a portion of the affected property is not operating. in addition to the damage caused to our properties by a casualty loss, we may suffer business disruption as a result of the casualty event or be subject to claims by third parties that may be injured or harmed. while we carry general liability insurance and business interruption insurance, there can be no assurance that insurance will be available or adequate to cover all loss and damage to which our business or our assets might be subjected and the timing and receipt of insurance proceeds, if any, may be out of our control.
our business may be subject to seasonal fluctuations that could result in volatility and have an adverse effect on our operating results.
our business may be subject to some degree of seasonality. weather conditions may deter or prevent customers from reaching the facilities or undertaking trips. such conditions would particularly affect customers who are traveling longer distances to visit our properties. seasonality may cause our properties working capital cash flow requirements to vary from quarter to quarter depending on the variability in the volume and timing of sales. business in our properties can also fluctuate due to specific holidays or other significant events, such as easter (particularly when the holiday falls in a different quarter than the prior year), the world series of poker tournament (with respect to our las vegas properties), city-wide conventions, a large sporting event or a concert, or visits by our premium players. we also believe that any seasonality, holiday, or other significant event may affect our various properties or regions differently. these factors, among other things, make forecasting more difficult and may adversely affect our properties' ability to manage working capital and to predict financial results accurately, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and operating results.
our business is particularly sensitive to energy prices and a rise in energy prices could harm our operating results.
we are a large consumer of electricity and other energy and, therefore, higher energy prices may have an adverse effect on our results of operations. accordingly, increases in energy costs may have a negative impact on our operating results. additionally, higher electricity and gasoline prices that affect our customers may result in reduced visitation to our resorts and a reduction in our revenues. we may be indirectly impacted by regulatory requirements aimed at reducing the impacts of climate change directed at up-stream utility providers, as we could experience potentially higher utility, fuel, and transportation costs.
any deterioration in our reputation or the reputation of our brands could adversely impact our business, financial condition, or results of operations.
our business is dependent on the quality and reputation of our company and brands. events beyond our control could affect the reputation of one or more of our properties or more generally impact our corporate or brand image. other factors that could influence our reputation include the quality of the services we offer and our actions with regard to social issues such as diversity, human rights and support for local communities. broad access to social media makes it easy for anyone to provide public feedback that can influence perceptions of us, our brands or our properties. it may be difficult to control or effectively manage negative publicity, regardless of whether it is accurate. negative events and publicity could quickly and materially damage perceptions of us, our brands or our properties, which, in turn, could adversely impact our business, financial condition or results of operations through loss of customers, loss of business opportunities, lack of acceptance of our company to operate in host communities, employee retention or recruiting difficulties or other difficulties.
risks related to human capital we rely on our key personnel and we may face difficulties in attracting and retaining qualified employees for our casinos and race tracks.
our future success will depend upon, among other things, our ability to keep our senior executives and highly qualified employees. the operation of our business requires, qualified executives, managers and skilled employees with gaming and horse racing industry experience and qualifications who are able to obtain the requisite licenses and approval from the applicable gaming authorities. we compete with other potential employers for employees, and we may not succeed in hiring or retaining the executives and other employees that we need. a sudden loss of or inability to replace key employees could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. moreover, there has from time to time been a shortage of skilled labor in our markets and the continued expansion of gaming near our facilities, including the expansion of native american gaming and internet betting and gaming, may make it more difficult for us to attract qualified candidates. while we believe that we will continue to be able to attract and retain qualified employees, shortages of skilled labor will make it increasingly difficult and expensive to attract and retain the services of a satisfactory number of qualified employees, and we may incur higher costs than expected as a result.
work stoppages and other labor problems could negatively impact our future profits.
as of december 31, 2020, we had collective bargaining agreements covering approximately 21,000 employees. a lengthy strike or other work stoppages at any of our casino properties could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
from time to time, we have also experienced attempts by labor organizations to organize certain of our non-union employees. these efforts have achieved some success to date. we cannot provide any assurance that we will not experience additional and successful union activity in the future. the impact of this union activity is undetermined and could negatively impact our results of operations.
we cannot assure you that we will be able to retain our performers and other entertainment offerings on acceptable terms or at all.
while our ability to offer live performances has been limited due to covid-19, historically our performers have drawn customers to our properties and have been a significant source of our revenue. we cannot assure you that we will be able to retain our performers or other shows on acceptable terms or at all. in addition, the third parties that we depend on for our properties' entertainment offerings may become incapable or unwilling to provide their services at the level agreed upon or at all.
risks relating to our capital structure our substantial indebtedness and the fact that a significant portion of our cash flow is used to make interest payments and rent payments under our lease agreements could adversely affect our ability to raise additional capital to fund our operations, limit our ability to react to changes in the economy or our industry and prevent us from making debt service payments and rent payments.
as of december 31, 2020 we had $15.0 billion of outstanding face value indebtedness, in addition to leases with vici and glpi that require an annual rent payment of $1.1 billion in 2021 and that are subject to annual escalation. see note 10 for a description of our obligations under our leases with vici and glpi and note 12 for details regarding our debt outstanding and related restrictive covenants. as a result, a significant portion of our cash flow is applied to make interest payments with respect to our outstanding debt and payments under our leases. these financial obligations may have important negative consequences for us, including:
•limiting our ability to use operating cash flow in other areas of our business because we must dedicate a significant portion of these funds to make payments on our debt and lease obligations;
•increasing our vulnerability to the covid-19 pandemic and general adverse economic and industry conditions;
•limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our businesses and the markets in which we operate;
•placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to competitors with debt and rent obligations that are less than ours;
•increasing our vulnerability to, and limiting our ability to react to, changing market conditions, changes in our industry and economic downturns;
•limiting our ability to obtain additional financing to fund working capital requirements, capital expenditures, debt service, acquisitions, general corporate or other obligations;
•subjecting us to a number of restrictive covenants that, among other things, require us to make capital expenditures and limit our ability to pay dividends and distributions, make acquisitions and dispositions, borrow additional funds and make other investments;
•exposing us to interest rate risk due to the variable interest rate on borrowings under our credit facilities; and
•affecting our ability to renew gaming and other licenses necessary to conduct our business.
despite our current indebtedness levels, we and our subsidiaries may still incur significant additional indebtedness. incurring more indebtedness could increase the risks associated with our substantial indebtedness.
we and our subsidiaries may be able to incur substantial additional indebtedness, including additional secured indebtedness, and may enter into financing obligations similar to our leases with vici and glpi in the future. as of december 31, 2020, we had $2.2 billion of borrowing capacity under our revolving credit facilities, before consideration of $19 million in outstanding letters of credit under cei revolving credit facility and $65 million in outstanding letters of credit under crc revolving credit facility. further, our existing debt agreements currently permit, and we expect that agreements governing debt that we incur in the future will permit, us to incur certain other additional secured and unsecured debt. further, we may incur other liabilities that do not constitute indebtedness. the risks that we face based on our outstanding indebtedness may intensify if we incur additional indebtedness or financing obligations in the future.
the libor calculation method may change and libor is expected to be phased out after 2021.
our credit facilities calculate interest on the outstanding principal balance using libor. on july 27, 2017, the united kingdom financial conduct authority (the "fca") announced it would phase out libor as a benchmark by the end of 2021. in the meantime, actions by the fca, other regulators or law enforcement agencies may result in changes to the method by which libor is calculated. at this time, it is not possible to predict the effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of any such changes or any other reforms to libor that may be enacted in the united kingdom or elsewhere.
a significant portion of our casinos are located on leased property. if we default on one or more leases, the applicable lessors could terminate the affected leases and we could lose possession of the affected casino.
we currently lease certain parcels of land on which a significant portion of our properties are located. as a ground lessee, we have the right to use the leased land; however, we do not hold fee ownership of the underlying land. accordingly, we have no interest in the leased land or improvements thereon at the expiration of the ground leases. if our use of the land underlying our casino properties is disrupted permanently or for a significant period of time, then the value of our assets could be impaired and our business and operations could be adversely affected. our leases provide that they may be terminated for a number of reasons, including failure to pay rent, taxes or other payment obligations or the breach of other covenants contained in the leases. in particular, our leases with glpi and vici require annual rent payments of at least $1.1 billion in 2021, which is subject to escalation annually, and obligate us to make specified minimum capital expenditures with respect to the leased properties. if our business and properties fail to generate sufficient earnings, the payments required to service the rent obligations under our leases with glpi and vici could materially and adversely limit our ability to react to changes in our business and make acquisitions and investments in our properties. if we were to default on any one or more of these leases, the applicable lessors could terminate the affected leases and we could lose possession of the affected land and any improvements on the land, including the hotels and casinos. a termination of our ground leases or our leases with glpi or vici could result in a default under our debt agreements and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. further, in the event that any lessor of our leased properties, including glpi or vici, encounters financial, operational, regulatory or other challenges, there can be no assurance that such lessor will be able to comply with its obligations under the applicable lease.
certain of our leases, including our leases with glpi and vici, are "triple-net" leases. accordingly, in addition to rent, we are required to pay, among other things, the following: (1) lease payments to the underlying ground lessor for properties that are subject to ground leases; (2) facility maintenance costs; (3) all insurance premiums for insurance with respect to the leased properties and the business conducted on the leased properties; (4) taxes levied on or with respect to the leased properties (other than taxes on the income of the lessor); and (5) all utilities and other services necessary or appropriate for the leased properties and the business conducted on the leased properties. we are responsible for incurring the costs described in the preceding sentence notwithstanding the fact that many of the benefits received in exchange for such costs shall in part accrue to the lessor as the owner of the associated facilities. in addition, we remain obligated for lease payments and other obligations under our leases with glpi and vici and other ground leases even if one or more of such leased facilities is unprofitable or if we decide to withdraw from those locations. we could incur special charges relating to the closing of such facilities including lease termination costs, impairment charges and other special charges that would reduce our net income and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
legal and regulatory risks we are subject to extensive governmental regulation, taxation policies and licensing, and gaming authorities have significant control over our operations, which could have an adverse effect on our business.
licensing requirements. the ownership and operation of casino gaming, online betting and gaming, riverboat and horse racing facilities are subject to extensive federal, state and local regulation, and regulatory authorities at local, state and national levels have broad powers with respect to the licensing of gaming businesses. we currently hold all state and local licenses and related approvals necessary to conduct our present gaming operations, but we must periodically apply to renew many of our licenses and registrations. we cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain such renewals. any failure to maintain or renew our existing licenses, registrations, permits or approvals would have a material adverse effect on us. furthermore, if additional laws or regulations are adopted or existing laws or regulations are amended or interpreted differently, these regulations could impose additional restrictions or costs that could have a significant adverse effect on us.
gaming authorities with jurisdiction over our operations may, in their discretion, require the holder of any securities issued by us to file applications, be investigated, and be found suitable to own our securities, and, if a holder is found unsuitable, we can be sanctioned, including the loss of approvals that are required for us to continue our gaming operations in the relevant jurisdictions, if such unsuitable person does not timely sell our securities. our officers, directors and key employees are also subject to similar findings of unsuitability and the gaming authorities may require us to terminate the employment of any person who refuses to file appropriate applications. see "item 1 - gaming licenses and governmental regulations" and exhibit 99.1 for further description of the regulations to which we are subject. the results of findings of unsuitability could materially adversely affect our gaming operations. applicable gaming laws and regulations restrict our ability to issue securities, incur debt and undertake other financing activities. such transactions would generally require approval of applicable gaming authorities, and our financing counterparties, including lenders, might be subject to various licensing and related approval procedures in the various jurisdictions in which we operate gaming facilities.
compliance with other laws. we are also subject to a variety of other federal, state and local laws, rules, regulations and ordinances that apply to non-gaming businesses, including restrictions enacted in response to covd-19, zoning, environmental, construction and land-use laws and regulations governing smoking and the serving of alcoholic beverages. our operations have been adversely impacted by regulations enacted to limit the spread of covid-19. in addition, legislation in various forms to ban indoor tobacco smoking has been enacted or introduced in many states and local jurisdictions, including several of the jurisdictions in which we operate. if additional restrictions are enacted in our jurisdictions, we could experience a significant decrease in gaming revenue and operating results at our properties and, particularly if such restrictions are not applicable to all competitive facilities in that gaming market, our business could be materially adversely affected. the likelihood or outcome of similar legislation in other jurisdictions and referendums in the future cannot be predicted, though any additional limitations on our operations would be expected to negatively impact our financial performance.
regulations adopted by fincen require us to report currency transactions in excess of $10,000 occurring within a gaming day. u.s. treasury department regulations also require us to report certain suspicious activity, including any transaction that exceeds $5,000, if we know, suspect or have reason to believe that the transaction involves funds from illegal activity or is designed to evade federal regulations or reporting requirements. substantial penalties can be imposed if we fail to comply with these regulations. fincen has recently increased its focus on gaming companies.
we are required to report certain customer's gambling winnings via form w-2g to comply with current internal revenue service regulations. should these regulations change, we would expect to incur additional costs to comply with the revised reporting requirements.
taxation and fees. in addition, gaming companies are generally subject to significant revenue-based taxes and fees in addition to normal federal, state and local income taxes, and such taxes and fees are subject to increase at any time. we pay substantial taxes and fees with respect to our operations. tax laws are dynamic and subject to change as new laws are passed and new interpretations of the law are issued or applied, affecting the gaming industry. the large number of state and local governments with significant current or projected budget deficits makes it more likely that those governments that currently permit gaming will seek to fund such deficits with new or increased gaming taxes and/or property taxes and worsening economic conditions could intensify those efforts. any material increase, or the adoption of additional taxes or fees, could have a material adverse effect on our future financial results.
we expect to expand our sportsbook business and engage in online sportsbook, casino gaming and poker. there can be no assurance that regulations authorizing such activities will be approved in the jurisdictions in which we operate or that the market for such gaming activities will develop as expected.
during the second quarter of 2018, the u.s. supreme court overturned the federal ban on sports betting. as a result, several jurisdictions in which we operate legalized sports betting and additional jurisdictions may do so in the future. we have entered into an agreement with william hill plc on the terms of a recommended cash acquisition pursuant to which we would acquire the entire issued and to be issued share capital (other than shares owned by us or held in treasury) of william hill plc and we currently have relationships with (i) william hill pursuant to which william hill has agreed to operate as our sports betting operator, including with respect to mobile and online sports wagering, for a period of 25 years, (ii) the stars group inc. ("tsg") pursuant to which we agreed to provide tsg with options to obtain access to certain of our licenses for online sports wagering and real money online gaming and poker, for a period of 20 years, (iii) various sports brands including nfl and espn, for limited events, and (iv) other online betting and gaming operators. see "item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - partnerships and acquisitions" for a further description of the arrangements with william hill, tsg, and additional sports brands. currently william hill operates 37 sportsbooks at our properties in eight states and, following the acquisition, caesars and william hill will be live with sports wagering across 15 u.s. states plus the district of columbia. however, our ability to further expand our sports betting and online operations is dependent on adoption of regulations permitting sports betting in the united. there can be no assurances when, or if, any such regulations will be adopted, or the terms of such regulations, in certain of the jurisdictions in which we operate.
the market for sports betting and online gaming is rapidly evolving and highly competitive with an increasing number of competitors. the success of our sportsbook and online betting and gaming partners, our interest in william hill and tsg and the results of operations from sports betting and online sportsbook and gaming conducted at our properties or under the authority of our licenses are dependent on a number of factors that are beyond our control, including:
•the timing of adoption of regulations authorizing such betting and gaming activities and the restrictions contained in such regulations;
•the tax rates and license fees applicable to such activities;
•our ability to gain market share in a newly developing market;
•the potential that the market does not develop at all or does not develop as we anticipate;
•our ability to compete with new entrants in the market;
•changes in consumer demographics and public tastes and preferences; and
•the availability and popularity of other forms of entertainment.
there can be no assurance as to the returns that we will receive from our current and anticipated sports betting and online gaming operations or our other relationships that we have granted rights to market access or future similar arrangements with other market service providers.
we may not be able to protect the intellectual property rights we own or may be prevented from using intellectual property necessary for our business.
the development of intellectual property is part of our overall business strategy, and we regard our intellectual property to be an important element of our success. we rely primarily on trade secret, trademark, domain name, copyright, and contract law to protect the intellectual property and proprietary technology we own. we also actively pursue business opportunities in the united states and in international jurisdictions involving the licensing of our trademarks to third parties. it is possible that third parties may copy or otherwise obtain and use our intellectual property or proprietary technology without authorization or otherwise infringe on our rights. for example, while we have a policy of entering into confidentiality, intellectual property invention assignment, and/or non-competition and non-solicitation agreements or restrictions with our employees, independent contractors, and business partners, such agreements may not provide adequate protection or may be breached, or our proprietary technology may otherwise become available to or be independently developed by our competitors. the laws of some foreign countries may not protect proprietary rights or intellectual property to as great an extent as do the laws of the united states. despite our efforts to protect our proprietary rights, the unauthorized use or reproduction of our trademarks could diminish the value of our trademarks and our market acceptance, competitive advantages, or goodwill, which could adversely affect our business.
third parties have alleged and may in the future allege that we are infringing, misappropriating, or otherwise violating their intellectual property rights. third parties may initiate litigation against us without warning or may send us letters or other communications that make allegations without initiating litigation. we may elect not to respond to these letters or other communications if we believe they are without merit, or we may attempt to resolve these disputes out of court by negotiating a license, but in either case it is possible that such disputes will ultimately result in litigation. any such claims could interfere with our ability to use technology or intellectual property that is material to the operation of our business. such claims may be made by competitors seeking to obtain a competitive advantage or by other parties, such as entities that purchase intellectual property assets for the purpose of bringing infringement claims. we also periodically employ individuals who were previously employed by our competitors or potential competitors, and we may therefore be subject to claims that such employees have used or disclosed the alleged trade secrets or other proprietary information of their former employers.
at any time, we may have to rely on litigation to enforce our intellectual property rights, protect our trade secrets, determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others, or defend against claims of infringement or invalidity. any such litigation, whether successful or unsuccessful, could result in substantial costs and the diversion of resources and the attention of management. if unsuccessful, such litigation could result in the loss of important intellectual property rights, require us to pay substantial damages, subject us to injunctions that prevent us from using certain intellectual property, require us to make admissions that affect our reputation in the marketplace, and require us to enter into license agreements that may not be available on favorable terms or at all. finally, even if we prevail in any litigation, the remedy may not be commercially meaningful or fully compensate us for the harm we suffer or the costs we incur. any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we are or may become involved in legal proceedings that, if adversely adjudicated or settled, could impact our business and financial condition.
from time to time, we are named in lawsuits or other legal proceedings relating to our respective businesses. some of these matters involve commercial or contractual disputes, intellectual property claims, legal compliance, personal injury claims, and employment claims. as with all legal proceedings, no assurances can be given as to the outcome of these matters. moreover, legal proceedings can be expensive and time consuming, and we may not be successful in defending or prosecuting these lawsuits, which could result in settlements or damages that could significantly impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.
risks relating to the completion of the merger and the wh acquisition and the integration of the company and former caesars and william hill we may fail to consummate the wh acquisition or may not consummate it on the terms described herein.
on september 30, 2020, we announced that we had reached an agreement with william hill plc on the terms of a recommended cash acquisition pursuant to which we would acquire the entire issued and to be issued share capital (other than shares owned by us or held in treasury) of william hill plc, in an all-cash transaction of approximately £2.9 billion, or $3.7 billion (the "wh acquisition"). while we received the approval of william hill plc shareholders and obtained the early termination of the waiting period under the hart-scott-rodino antitrust improvements act of 1976 ("hsr act"), the wh acquisition remains subject to gaming regulatory approvals. see "the wh acquisition is subject to the receipt of governmental approvals that may impose conditions that could have an adverse effect on us or, if not obtained, could prevent consummation of the wh acquisition." as a result, the possible timing and likelihood of the completion of the wh acquisition are uncertain, and, accordingly, there can be no assurance that such acquisition will be completed on the expected terms, anticipated schedule or at all.
in the event that we fail to consummate the wh acquisition, we will have issued a significant number of additional shares of common stock and we will not have acquired the revenue generating assets that will be required to produce the earnings and cash flow we anticipated. as a result, failure to consummate the wh acquisition would adversely affect our earnings per share and our ability to make distributions to stockholders. if the wh acquisition is not consummated, we could be subject to a number of risks that may adversely affect our business and the market price of our common stock, including:
•we will be required to pay costs relating to the wh acquisition, such as legal, accounting, financial advisory and printing fees, whether or not the wh acquisition is consummated;
•time and resources committed by our management to matters relating to the wh acquisition could otherwise have been devoted to pursuing other beneficial opportunities;
•the market price of our common stock could decline to the extent that the current market price reflects a market assumption that the wh acquisition will be consummated; and
•we would not realize the benefits we expect to realize from consummating the wh acquisition.
any increased costs associated with the delay or abandonment of the wh acquisition, in addition to the impact of covid-19, may adversely impact our ability to remain in compliance with our covenants contained in the agreements governing our indebtedness and lease obligations, and our liquidity. moreover, if the wh acquisition is not consummated, our reputation in our industry and in the investment community could be damaged, and the market price of our common stock could decline.
the wh acquisition is subject to the receipt of governmental approvals that may impose conditions that could have an adverse effect on us or, if not obtained, could prevent consummation of the wh acquisition.
consummation of the wh acquisition remains subject to gaming regulatory approvals, including, without limitation, including, among others, the gaming board for the bahamas, indiana gaming commission, nevada gaming control board and gaming commission, and new jersey division of gaming enforcement. additionally, the combination requires the english high court's final approval and administrative and post-closing approvals from other us and international agencies. there can be no assurance that these approvals will be obtained and that the other conditions to consummating the wh acquisition will be satisfied.
in addition, the governmental authorities from which the regulatory approvals are required may impose conditions on the consummation of the wh acquisition or require changes to the terms of the wh acquisition or agreements to be entered into in connection with the wh acquisition. such conditions or changes and the process of obtaining regulatory approvals could have the effect of delaying or impeding consummation of the wh acquisition or of imposing additional costs or limitations on us following consummation of the wh acquisition, any of which might have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
the integration of the company and former caesars and william hill may present significant challenges. we cannot be sure that we will be able to realize the anticipated benefits of the merger and the wh acquisition in the anticipated time frame or at all.
our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of the merger and the wh acquisition will significantly depends on our ability to integrate the businesses of former caesars and william hill into the company in the anticipated time frame or at all. the combination of independent businesses is a complex, costly and time-consuming process. as a result, we are required to devote significant management attention and resources to integrating the business practices and operations of former caesars into those of the company and we expect that our acquisition of william hill will present similar challenges. the integration process may disrupt the businesses and, if implemented ineffectively or inefficiently, would preclude realization of the full benefits expected by us. the failure to successfully integrate former caesars and william hill into the company and to manage the challenges presented by the integration process successfully may result in an interruption of, or loss of momentum in, the business of the company, which may have the effect of depressing the market price of our common stock.
cautionary statement regarding forward-looking information this annual report on form 10-k includes "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of section 27a of the securities act of 1933, as amended, and section 21e of the securities exchange act of 1934, as amended. forward-looking statements include statements regarding our strategies, objectives and plans for future development or acquisitions of properties or operations, as well as expectations, future operating results, trends and other information that is not historical information. when used in this report, the terms or phrases such as "anticipates," "believes," "projects," "plans," "intends," "expects," "might," "may," "estimates," "could," "should," "would," "will likely continue," and variations of such words or similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. specifically, forward-looking statements may include, among others, statements concerning:
•the impact of covid-19 on our business and financial condition;
•projections of future results of operations or financial condition;
•our ability to consummate the acquisition of william hill and the announced dispositions of certain of our properties, including required divestitures of certain properties located in indiana and montbleu;
•expectations regarding our business and results of operations of our existing casino properties and prospects for future development;
•expectations regarding trends that will affect our markets and the gaming industry generally, including expansion of internet betting and gaming, and the impact of those trends on our business and results of operations;
•our ability to comply with the covenants in the agreements governing our outstanding indebtedness and leases;
•our ability to meet our projected debt service obligations, operating expenses, and maintenance capital expenditures;
•expectations regarding availability of capital resources;
•our intention to pursue development opportunities and additional acquisitions and divestitures;
•our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of the acquisition of former caesars, william hill and future development, acquisition and partnership opportunities; and
•the impact of regulation on our business and our ability to receive and maintain necessary approvals for our existing properties and future projects and operation of online sportsbook, poker and gaming.
any forward-looking statements are based upon underlying assumptions, including any assumptions mentioned with the specific statements, as of the date such statements were made. such assumptions are in turn based upon internal estimates and analyses of market conditions and trends, management plans and strategies, economic conditions and other factors. such forward-looking statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control, and are subject to change. by their nature, forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties because they relate to events and depend upon future circumstances that may not occur. actual results and trends may differ materially from any future results, trends, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such statements. forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and we assume no duty to update forward-looking statements. forward-looking statements should not be regarded as a representation by us or any other person that the forward-looking statements will be achieved. undue reliance should not be placed on any forward-looking statements. some of the contingencies and uncertainties to which any forward-looking statement contained herein are subject include, but are not limited to, the following:
•the extent and duration of the impact of covid-19 on the company's business, financial results and liquidity;
•the impact and cost of, and our ability to adapt to, evolving operating procedures in response to continued developments with covid-19;
•the impact of actions we have undertaken to reduce costs and improve efficiencies to mitigate losses as a result of the covid-19 public health emergency, which could negatively impact guest loyalty and our ability to attract and retain our employees;
•the impact of the covid-19 public health emergency and resulting unemployment and changes in general economic conditions on discretionary consumer spending and customer demand;
•our substantial indebtedness and significant financial commitments, including our obligations under our lease arrangements, could adversely affect our results of operations and our ability to service such obligations, react to changes in our markets and pursue development and acquisition opportunities;
•restrictions and limitations in agreements governing our debt and leased properties could significantly affect our ability to operate our business and our liquidity;
•risks relating to payment of a significant portion of our cash flow as debt service and rent under the leases of our casino properties with vici and glpi;
•financial, operational, regulatory or other potential challenges that may arise as a result of leasing of a number of our properties;
•our ability to adapt to the very competitive environments we operate in as we face increasing competition, including through legalization of online betting and gaming;
•uncertainty regarding the expansion of online betting and gaming, including the impact of such expansion on our brick-and-mortar business and our ability to compete in the online market;
•the ability to identify suitable acquisition opportunities and realize growth and cost synergies from any future acquisitions;
•the impact of governmental regulation on our business and the cost of complying or the impact of failing to comply with such regulations;
•changes in gaming taxes and fees in jurisdictions in which we operate;
•risks relating to pending claims or future claims that may be brought against us;
•changes in interest rates and capital and credit markets;
•our ability to comply with certain covenants in our debt documents and lease arrangements;
•our ability to collect gaming receivables from our credit customers;
•the effect of disruptions or corruption to our information technology and other systems and infrastructure;
•the effect of seasonal fluctuations;
•our particular sensitivity to energy prices;
•deterioration in our reputation or the reputation of our brands;
•our ability to attract and retain customers;
•our ability to protect the intellectual property rights we own;
•our ability to expand our sportsbook business and engage in online sportsbook, casino gaming and poker;
•weather or road conditions limiting access to our properties;
•the effect of war, terrorist activity, acts of violence, natural disasters, public health emergencies and other catastrophic events;
•the intense competition to attract and retain management and key employees in the gaming industry; and
•other factors described in part ii, item 1a. "risk factors" contained herein and our reports on form 10-q and form 8-k filed with the sec.
in addition, the acquisition of william hill and the announced dispositions of certain of our properties, including required divestitures, create additional risks, uncertainties and other important factors, including but not limited to:
•the possibility that the proposed transactions are not consummated when expected or at all because required regulatory or other approvals are not received or other conditions to the consummation thereof are not satisfied on a timely basis or at all;
•the possibility that one or more of such transactions do not close on the terms described herein or that we are required to modify aspects of one or more of such transactions to obtain, or otherwise take action to satisfy conditions imposed in connection with, required regulatory approvals;
•risks associated with increased leverage as a result of the proposed acquisition of william hill;
•the possibility that the anticipated benefits of the proposed transactions are not realized when expected or at all;
•the incurrence of significant transaction and acquisition-related costs and the possibility that the transactions may be more expensive to complete than expected;
•competitive responses to the proposed transactions;
•legislative, regulatory and economic developments;
•the ability to retain certain of our key employees and william hills' key employees;
•the outcome of legal proceedings that may be instituted as a result of the proposed transactions;
•the impact of the proposed transactions, or the failure to consummate the proposed transactions, on our stock price;
•diversion of management's attention from our ongoing operations;
•the impact of the announcement or consummation of the proposed transactions on the company's relationships with third parties, which may make it more difficult to maintain business relationships; and
•other risks and uncertainties described in part ii, item 1a. "risk factors" contained herein and our reports on form 10-k, form 10-q and form 8-k filed with the sec.
in light of these and other risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the forward-looking events discussed in this report might not occur. these forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which this statement is made, even if subsequently made available on our website or otherwise, and we do not intend to update publicly any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances that occur after the date on which the statement is made, except as may be required by law.
you should also be aware that while we from time to time communicate with securities analysts, we do not disclose to them any material non-public information, internal forecasts or other confidential business information. therefore, you should not assume that we agree with any statement or report issued by any analyst, irrespective of the content of the statement or report. to the extent that reports issued by securities analysts contain projections, forecasts or opinions, those reports are not our responsibility and are not endorsed by us.
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
the following discussion should be read in conjunction with, and is qualified in its entirety by, the audited consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto and other financial information included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k.
caesars entertainment, inc., a delaware corporation formerly known as eldorado resorts, inc. ("eri" or "eldorado"), is referred to as the "company," "cei," "caesars," or the "registrant," and together with its subsidiaries may also be referred to as "we," "us" or "our."
we also refer to (i) our consolidated financial statements as our "financial statements," (ii) our consolidated statements of operations and consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss) as our "statements of operations," (iii) our consolidated balance sheets as our "balance sheets," and (iv) our consolidated statements of cash flows as our "statements of cash flows." references to numbered "notes" refer to notes to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8.
objective this management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations ("md&a") is intended to be a narrative explanation of the financial statements and other statistical data that should be read in conjunction with the accompanying financial statements to enhance an investor's understanding of our financial condition, changes in financial condition and results of operations. our objectives are: (i) to provide a narrative explanation of our financial statements that will enable investors to see the company through the eyes of management; (ii) to enhance the overall financial disclosure and provide the context within which financial information should be analyzed; and (iii) to provide information about the quality of, and potential variability of, our earnings and cash flows so that investors can ascertain the likelihood that past performance is indicative of future performance.
overview we are a geographically diversified gaming and hospitality company that was founded in 1973 by the carano family with the opening of the eldorado hotel casino in reno, nevada. we partnered with mgm resorts international to build silver legacy resort casino in reno, nevada in 1993 and, beginning in 2005, we grew through a series of acquisitions, including the acquisition of eldorado shreveport in 2005, mtr gaming group, inc. in 2014, circus circus reno ("circus reno") and the 50% membership interest in the silver legacy that was owned by mgm resorts international in 2015, isle of capri casinos, inc. ("isle" or "isle of capri") in 2017 and grand victoria casino ("elgin") and tropicana entertainment, inc. ("tropicana") in 2018. prior to the merger (as defined below), we operated 23 gaming facilities in 11 states, with no international operations, featuring approximately 23,900 slot machines, video lottery terminals ("vlts") and e-tables, approximately 660 table games and approximately 11,300 hotel rooms.
on july 20, 2020, we completed the merger with caesars entertainment corporation ("former caesars") pursuant to which former caesars became our wholly-owned subsidiary (the "merger"). as a result of the merger, we currently own, lease or manage an aggregate of 54 domestic properties in 16 states with approximately 54,600 slot machines, vlts and e-tables, approximately 3,200 table games and approximately 47,700 hotel rooms as of december 31, 2020. we also have international operations in five countries outside of the u.s. in addition, we have other domestic and international properties that are authorized to use the brands and marks of caesars entertainment, inc., as well as other non-gaming properties. upon completion of our previously announced sales, or expected sales, of certain gaming properties, we expect that we will continue to own, lease or manage 48 properties. our primary source of revenue is generated by gaming operations, and we utilize hotels, restaurants, bars, entertainment, racing, sportsbook offerings, retail shops and other services to attract customers to our properties.
in connection with the merger, caesars entertainment corporation changed its name to "caesars holdings, inc." and eldorado resorts, inc. converted into a delaware corporation and changed its name to "caesars entertainment, inc." in addition, effective as of july 21, 2020 our ticker symbol on the nasdaq stock market changed from "eri" to "czr". in connection with the merger, we also entered into a master transaction agreement (the "mta") with vici properties l.p., a delaware limited partnership ("vici"), pursuant to which, among other things, we agreed to consummate certain sale and leaseback transactions and amend certain lease agreements with vici and/or its affiliates, with respect to certain property described in the mta. see note 3 for further discussion of the merger and related transactions.
as of december 31, 2020, we owned 20 of our casinos and leased 29 casinos in the u.s. we have leases with glp capital, l.p., the operating partnership of gaming and leisure properties, inc. ("glpi"), including our master lease that we entered into in connection with the acquisition of tropicana on october 1, 2018 (as amended, the "glpi master lease") and our lumière lease. eight of the leased casinos are subject to leases with glpi, and we lease an additional 21 casinos from other third parties, including vici. see descriptions under the "glpi master lease" and "vici leases."
we periodically divest assets that we do not consider core to our business to raise capital or, in some cases, to comply with conditions, terms, obligations or restrictions imposed by antitrust, gaming and other regulatory entities. a summary of recently completed and planned divestitures of our properties as of december 31, 2020 is as follows:
segment                                         property                                                                      date sold                                 location regional                                        presque isle downs &amp; casino ("presque")                                   january 11, 2019                          pennsylvania regional                                        lady luck casino nemacolin ("nemacolin")                                      march 8, 2019                             pennsylvania regional                                        mountaineer casino, racetrack and resort ("mountaineer")                      december 6, 2019                          west virginia regional                                        isle casino cape girardeau ("cape girardeau")                                 december 6, 2019                          missouri regional                                        lady luck casino caruthersville ("caruthersville")                            december 6, 2019                          missouri regional                                        isle of capri casino kansas city ("kansas city")                              july 1, 2020 (a)                          missouri regional                                        lady luck casino vicksburg ("vicksburg")                                      july 1, 2020 (a)                          mississippi regional                                        eldorado resort casino shreveport ("eldorado shreveport")                     december 23, 2020 (b)                     louisiana regional                                        montbleu casino resort &amp; spa ("montbleu")                                 n/a (b)                                   nevada regional                                        tropicana evansville ("evansville")                                           n/a (c)                                   indiana regional                                        belle of baton rouge casino &amp; hotel ("baton rouge")                       n/a (d)                                   louisiana discontinued operations (e):
regional                                        harrah's reno                                                                 september 30, 2020 (f)                    nevada regional                                        bally's atlantic city                                                         november 18, 2020 (g)                     new jersey regional                                        harrah's louisiana downs                                                      n/a (h)                                   louisiana regional                                        caesars southern indiana                                                      n/a (c)(i)                                indiana regional                                        horseshoe hammond                                                             n/a (c)                                   indiana managed, international, cie                     emerald resort &amp; casino                                                   n/a                                       south africa managed, international, cie                     caesars entertainment uk                                                      n/a                                       united kingdom
(a)we closed the sales of kansas city and vicksburg on july 1, 2020 and recorded a gain of approximately $8 million during the year ended december 31, 2020.
(b)on april 24, 2020, we entered into a definitive purchase agreement with twin river worldwide holdings, inc. ("twin river" or "bally's corporation") and certain of its affiliates for the sale of the equity interests of eldorado resort casino shreveport joint venture and columbia properties tahoe, llc, the entities that hold eldorado shreveport and montbleu, respectively, for aggregate consideration of $155 million, subject to a customary working capital adjustment. the definitive agreement provides that the consummation of the sale is subject to satisfaction of customary conditions, including receipt of required regulatory approvals. the sale of eldorado shreveport closed on december 23, 2020 for $140 million, subject to a customary working capital adjustment and we recognized a gain of approximately $29 million during the year ended december 31, 2020. the sale of montbleu is expected to close in the first half of 2021. montbleu met the requirements for presentation as assets held for sale as of december 31, 2020. however, the pending divestitures of montbleu did not meet the requirements for presentation as discontinued operations and montbleu's results of operations are included in income from continuing operations in the periods presented. as a result of the agreement to sell montbleu, an impairment charge totaling $45 million was recorded during the year ended december 31, 2020 due to the carrying value exceeding the estimated net sales proceeds from the sale.
(c)in connection with its review of the merger, the indiana gaming commission determined on july 16, 2020 that, as a condition to their approval of the merger, we are required to enter into agreements to divest of three properties within the state of indiana in order to avoid undue economic concentration. on october 27, 2020, the company entered into an agreement to sell evansville to glpi and twin river for $480 million in cash, subject to a customary working capital adjustment. the sale is subject to satisfaction of customary conditions, including receipt of required regulatory approvals and is expected to close in mid-2021. in addition, on december 24, 2020, the company entered into an agreement to divest of caesars southern indiana (see (i) below). we expect to enter into an agreement to sell horseshoe hammond prior to december 31, 2021, as the deadline was extended by the indiana gaming commission. evansville met the requirements for presentation as assets held for sale as of december 31, 2020, while caesars southern indiana and horseshoe hammond met the requirements for presentation as held for sale and discontinued operations.
(d)on december 1, 2020, the company entered into an agreement to sell the baton rouge to cq holding company, inc. pursuant to the terms of the glpi master lease, baton rouge will be removed from the glpi master lease, and the rent payments to glpi will remain unchanged. glpi will retain ownership of the real estate of baton rouge. as a result of the agreement to sell baton rouge, an impairment charge totaling $50 million was recorded during the year ended december 31, 2020 due to the carrying value exceeding the estimated net sales proceeds. the transaction is expected to close in mid-2021 and is subject to regulatory approvals and other customary closing conditions.
(e)these former caesars properties met held for sale criteria as of the acquisition date. the sales of these properties have or are expected to close within one year from the date of the closing of the merger and the properties are classified as discontinued operations.
(f)on september 30, 2020, the company and vici completed the sale of harrah's reno to and affiliate of cai investments for $42 million. the proceeds from the sale were split between the company and vici, and the company received $8 million of net proceeds.
(g)on november 18, 2020, the company and vici completed the sale of bally's atlantic city to bally's corporation for $25 million. the proceeds from the sale were split between the company and vici, and the company received $5 million of net proceeds. as a result of the sale, the company agreed to reimburse bally's corporation $30 million for capital expenditures required at bally's atlantic city and recorded a liability within accrued other liabilities and recorded a charge to discontinued operations, net of income taxes. our commitment will be satisfied by adjusting obligations under certain sportsbook operating agreements between bally's corporation and the company following our expected acquisition of william hill. in addition, on october 9, 2020, we reached an agreement to sell the bally's brand to bally's corporation for $20 million, while retaining the right to use the brand within bally's las vegas into perpetuity.
(h)on september 3, 2020, the company and vici entered into an agreement with rubico acquisition corp. to sell harrah's louisiana downs for $22 million, subject to a customary working capital adjustment, where the proceeds will be split between the company and vici. the sale is subject to satisfaction of customary conditions, including receipt of required regulatory approvals and is expected to close in the first half of 2021.
(i)on december 24, 2020, the company entered into agreement to sell caesars southern indiana to the eastern band of cherokee indians ("ebci") for $250 million, subject to a customary working capital adjustment. caesar's annual payments to vici under the regional lease will decline by $33 million upon closing of the transaction. additionally, effective as of the closing of the transaction, caesars and ebci will enter into a long-term agreement for the continued use of the caesars brand and caesars rewards loyalty program at caesars southern indiana. the sale is subject to satisfaction of customary conditions, including receipt of required regulatory approvals and is expected to close in the third quarter of 2021.
merger and acquisitions related activities merger with caesars entertainment corporation on july 20, 2020, the merger was consummated and former caesars became a wholly-owned subsidiary of ours. the strategic rationale for the merger includes, but is not limited to, the following:
•creation of the largest owner, operator and manager of domestic gaming assets;
•diversification of the company's domestic footprint;
•access to iconic brands, rewards programs and new gaming opportunities expected to enhance customer experience; and
•realization of significant identified synergies.
based on the closing price of $38.24 per share of the company's common stock, par value $0.00001 per share ("company common stock"), reported on the nasdaq stock market on july 20, 2020, the aggregate implied value of the aggregate merger consideration paid to former holders of former caesars common stock in connection with the merger was approximately $8.5 billion, including approximately $2.4 billion in the company common stock and approximately $6.1 billion in cash. the aggregate merger consideration transferred also included approximately $2.4 billion related to the repayment of certain outstanding debt balances of former caesars and approximately $48 million of other consideration paid, which includes $19 million related to a transaction success fee, for the benefit of former caesars, and $29 million for the replacement of equity awards of certain employees attributable to services provided prior to the merger.
pursuant to the merger, each share of former caesars common stock was converted into the right to receive, at the election of the holder thereof and subject to proration, approximately $12.41 of cash consideration or approximately 0.3085 shares of company common stock, with a value equal to approximately $12.41 in cash (based on the volume weighted average price per share of company common stock for the 10 trading days ending on july 16, 2020). following the consummation of the merger, stockholders of the company and stockholders of former caesars held approximately 61% and 39%, respectively, of the outstanding shares of company common stock.
we recognized acquisition-related transaction costs in connection with the merger of $160 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, and $80 million for the year ended december 31, 2019.
tropicana entertainment inc.
on october 1, 2018, we acquired tropicana in a cash transaction valued at $1.9 billion (the "tropicana acquisition"). at the closing of the transaction tropicana became a wholly-owned subsidiary of ours. immediately prior to our acquisition, tropicana sold tropicana aruba resort and glp capital, l.p., a wholly-owned subsidiary of glpi, acquired substantially all of tropicana's real estate, other than the real estate underlying montbleu and lumière, for approximately $964 million. we acquired the real estate underlying lumière for $246 million with the proceeds of a $246 million loan from glpi. we funded the remaining consideration payable with our cash on hand and cash on hand at tropicana, borrowings under our revolving credit facility and proceeds from our offering of $600 million of 6% senior notes due 2026.
substantially concurrently with the acquisition of the real estate portfolio by glpi, we entered into a triple net master lease for the tropicana properties acquired by glpi ("glpi master lease"). the initial annual rent under the terms of the lease was approximately $88 million and is subject to annual escalation. we do not have the ability to terminate the obligations under the master lease prior to its expiration without glpi's consent.
in connection with the purchase of the real estate related to lumière, tropicana st. louis re llc, a wholly-owned subsidiary of ours, and glpi entered into a loan agreement, dated as of october 1, 2018 (the "lumière loan"), relating to a loan of $246 million by glpi to tropicana st. louis re to fund the purchase price of the real estate underlying lumière. the lumière loan was guaranteed by us, bore interest at a rate equal to 9.27% and had a maturity date of october 1, 2020. on june 24, 2020, the company received approval from missouri gaming commission to sell the real estate underlying lumière to glpi and leaseback the property under a long-term financing obligation. as of december 31, 2020, the lumière loan has been satisfied in full and the real estate has been refinanced under a financing obligation.
grand victoria casino on august 7, 2018, we completed the acquisition (the "elgin acquisition") of the grand victoria casino ("elgin") in elgin, illinois. we purchased elgin for $329 million, including a working capital adjustment totaling $1 million. the elgin acquisition was financed using cash on hand and borrowings under the company's revolving credit facility.
partnerships and acquisition opportunities william hill in september 2018, we entered into a 25-year agreement, which became effective january 29, 2019, with william hill plc and william hill u.s. holdco. inc. ("william hill us"), its u.s. subsidiary (together, "william hill") pursuant to which we (i) granted to william hill the right to conduct betting activities, including operating sportsbooks, in retail channels and under our first skin and third skin for online channels with respect to our current and future properties located in the united states and the territories and possessions of the united states, including puerto rico and the u.s. virgin islands and (ii) agreed that william hill will have the right to conduct real money online gaming activities utilizing our second skin available with respect to properties in such territories. pursuant to the terms of the agreement, we received a 20% ownership interest in william hill us with an initial value of approximately $129 million as well as 13 million ordinary shares of william hill plc with an initial value of approximately $27 million upon closing of the transaction in january 2019. we granted william hill the right to the use of certain skins in exchange for an equity method investment. the fair value of the william hill us and william hill plc shares received has been deferred and is recognized as revenue on a straight-line basis over the 25-year agreement term. the amortization of deferred revenues associated with our equity interests is included in other revenue within our corporate and other segment. additionally, we receive a profit share from the operations of betting and other gaming activities associated with our properties.
on september 30, 2020, we announced that we had reached an agreement with william hill plc on the terms of a recommended cash acquisition pursuant to which we would acquire the entire issued and to be issued share capital (other than shares owned by us or held in treasury) of william hill plc, in an all-cash transaction of approximately £2.9 billion, or $3.7 billion. to provide liquidity to fund the cash purchase price for the proposed acquisition, we entered into various financing transactions. on september 25, 2020, we borrowed $900 million under the cei revolving credit facility (defined below), which was fully repaid in october 2020. on october 1, 2020, we raised an additional $1.9 billion through a public offering of company common stock which was deposited into an escrow account. as of december 31, 2020, these funds in escrow were classified as restricted cash and will remain restricted until the proposed acquisition of william hill plc closes. in order to manage the risk of appreciation of the gbp denominated purchase price the company has entered into foreign exchange forward contracts.
in connection with the proposed acquisition of william hill plc, on september 29, 2020, the company entered into a debt financing commitment letter pursuant to which the lenders party thereto have committed to arrange and provide a newly formed subsidiary of the company with (a) a £1.0 billion senior secured 540-day bridge loan facility, (b) a £116 million senior secured 540-day revolving credit facility and (c) a £503 million senior secured 60-day bridge loan facility (collectively, the "debt financing"). the proceeds of the debt financing will be used (i) to pay a portion of the cash consideration for the proposed acquisition, (ii) to refinance certain of william hill plc's and its subsidiaries' existing debt, (iii) to pay fees and expenses related to the acquisition and related transactions and (iv) for working capital and general corporate purposes.
pending negotiation of the loan agreement for the debt financing, on october 6, 2020, our newly formed subsidiary entered into a £1.5 billion interim facilities agreement (the "interim facilities agreement") with deutsche bank ag, london branch and jpmorgan chase bank, n.a. to provide: (a) a 90-day £1.0 billion interim asset sale bridge facility and (b) a 90-day £503 million interim cash confirmation bridge facility.
the transaction is conditioned on, among other things, the approval of william hill plc shareholders, which was received on november 19, 2020, and receipt of required regulatory approvals. on december 28, 2020, we obtained the early termination of the waiting period under the hart-scott-rodino antitrust improvements act of 1976 ("hsr act") relating to the proposed combination with william hill plc. a final uk court hearing is scheduled for the last week of march 2021 and we expect to close the acquisition shortly thereafter.
the stars group/flutter entertainment in november 2018, the company entered into a 20-year agreement with the stars group inc. ("tsg") pursuant to which we agreed to provide tsg with options to obtain access to our second skin for online sports wagering and third skin for real money online gaming and poker, in each case with respect to states in which our properties are located. under the terms of the agreement, we received 1 million tsg common shares. the fair value of the shares received has been deferred and is recognized as revenue on a straight-line basis over the 20-year agreement term. all shares are subject to a 1 year restriction on transfer from the date they are received. on may 5, 2020, flutter entertainment plc ("flutter") completed the acquisition of all of the issued and outstanding common shares of tsg in exchange for 0.2253 flutter shares per common share of tsg. in addition, we receive a revenue share from the operation of the applicable verticals by tsg under our licenses. in december 2020, the company sold 121,285 of these flutter shares for net proceeds of approximately $24 million.
reportable segments segment results in this md&a are presented consistent with the way our management assesses the operating results, assesses performance and allocates resources of the company, which is a consolidated view that adjusts for the effect of certain transactions related to reportable segments within the company. we view each property as an operating segment. prior to the merger, our principal operating activities occurred in five geographic regions and reportable segments: west, midwest, south, east and central, in addition to corporate and other. following the merger, our principal operating activities occur in three regionally-focused reportable segments. the company's reportable segments are: (1) las vegas, (2) regional, and (3) managed, international, cie, in addition to corporate and other. see item 2. properties for listing of properties by segment.
presentation of financial information the financial information included in this item 7 for the period after our acquisition of former caesars on july 20, 2020 is not fully comparable to the periods prior to the acquisition. in addition, the presentation of financial information included in this item 7 for the periods after our sales and acquisitions of various properties are not fully comparable to the periods prior to their respective sale dates.
this md&a is intended to provide information to assist in better understanding and evaluating our financial condition and results of operations. our historical operating results may not be indicative of our future results of operations because of the factors described in the preceding paragraph and the changing competitive landscape in each of our markets, including changes in market and societal trends, as well as by factors discussed elsewhere herein. we recommend that you read this md&a in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and the notes to those statements included in this annual report on form 10-k.
reclassifications certain reclassifications of prior year presentations have been made to conform to the current period presentation. marketing and promotions expense previously disclosed for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018 has been reclassified to casino and pari-mutuel commissions expense and general and administrative expense based on the nature of the expense.
key performance metrics our primary source of revenue is generated by our gaming operations, but we use our hotels, restaurants, bars, entertainment, retail shops, racing, sportsbook offerings and other services to attract customers to our properties. our operating results are highly dependent on the volume and quality of customers visiting and staying at our properties. key performance metrics include volume indicators such as table games drop and slot handle, which refer to amounts wagered by our customers. the amount of volume we retain, which is not fully controllable by us, is recognized as casino revenues and is referred to as our win or hold. in addition, hotel occupancy and price per room designated by average daily rate ("adr") are key indicators for our hotel business. our calculation of adr consists of the average price of occupied rooms per day including the impact of resort fees and complimentary rooms. complimentary room rates are determined based on an analysis of retail or cash rates for each customer segment and each type of room product to estimate complimentary rates which are consistent with retail rates. complimentary rates are reviewed at least annually and on an interim basis if there are significant changes in market conditions. complimentary rooms are treated as occupied rooms in our calculation of hotel occupancy.
significant factors impacting financial results the following summary highlights the significant factors impacting our financial results during the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018.
acquisitions and transaction costs
•caesars - the merger closed on july 20, 2020. transaction costs related to our acquisition of former caesars totaled $160 million and $80 million for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
•tropicana - our results of operations for the year ended december 31, 2018 include incremental revenues and expenses attributable to the seven properties we acquired in our acquisition of tropicana on october 1, 2018. transaction expenses related to our acquisition of tropicana totaled $4 million and $18 million for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
•elgin - our results of operations for the year ended december 31, 2018 include incremental revenues and expenses for the period of august 7, 2018 through december 31, 2018 attributable to elgin. transaction expenses related to our acquisition of elgin totaled $0.2 million and $4 million for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
divestitures and discontinued operations
•divestitures - we closed the sale of eldorado shreveport on december 23, 2020 and recorded a gain of approximately $29 million during the year ended december 31, 2020. we closed the sales of kansas city and vicksburg on july 1, 2020 and recorded a gain of approximately $8 million during the year ended december 31, 2020. we closed the sales of presque and nemacolin on january 11, 2019 and march 8, 2019, respectively, and recorded a total net gain of $22 million, substantially related to the sale of presque. we closed the sales of mountaineer, cape girardeau and caruthersville on december 6, 2019 and recorded a net gain of $29 million during the fourth quarter of 2019. the properties that have been sold are collectively referred to as "divestitures." in conjunction with the classification of montbleu and baton rouge's operations as assets held for sale as a result of the announced sale, impairment charges totaling $45 million and $50 million, respectively, were recorded during the year ended december 31, 2020 due to the carrying value exceeding the estimated net sales proceeds. none of the sales listed met requirements for presentation as discontinued operations and the results of operations of the relevant entities are included in income from continuing operations for the periods prior to their respective closing dates.
•discontinued operations - as result of the merger, former caesars properties, including harrah's louisiana downs, caesars southern indiana, horseshoe hammond, harrah's reno, caesars uk group, including emerald resort & casino, and bally's atlantic city, have met held for sale criteria as of the date of the closing of the merger. the sales of these properties have or are expected to close within one year from the date of the closing of the merger and the properties are classified as discontinued operations. additionally, we closed the sale of harrah's reno on september 30, 2020 and bally's atlantic city on november 18, 2020. as a result of the sale of bally's atlantic city, caesars agreed to reimburse bally's corporation $30 million for capital expenditures required at bally's atlantic city and recorded a liability within accrued other liabilities and a charge to discontinued operations, net of income taxes. our commitment will be satisfied by adjusting obligations under certain sportsbook operating agreements between bally's corporation and the company following our expected acquisition of william hill.
financing and lease transactions
•new debt transactions related to the merger - in connection with the merger, we issued new notes, entered into a new credit agreement and assumed certain of former caesars indebtedness. in addition, we terminated previously outstanding credit agreements and discharged outstanding notes. as a result of these transactions, described more fully in the liquidity and capital resources section below, we recorded a loss on extinguishment of debt of $132 million during the year ended december 31, 2020, which is recorded within loss on extinguishment of debt on the statement of operations, as well as an additional $388 million of interest expense for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to 2019. we also recorded a net gain of $16 million on conversions related to the 5% convertible notes during the year ended december 31, 2020.
•vici leases - upon consummation of the merger, cei assumed obligations of certain real property assets leased from vici by former caesars under various lease agreements. we recorded interest expense of $491 million during the year ended december 31, 2020.
•glpi master lease - we accounted for the glpi master lease as a deferred financing obligation effective october 1, 2018. we recorded interest expense in the amount of $104 million, $99 million and $24 million during the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively, which was in excess of the cash lease payments as we continue to accrete up the liability during the earlier periods of the glpi master lease.
•tropicana financing - on september 20, 2018, we issued $600 million in aggregate principal amount of 6.0% senior notes due 2026. the proceeds from the notes were used to fund the tropicana acquisition which closed on october 1, 2018. we incurred $10 million of incremental interest expense on these notes for the year ended december 31, 2018.
other significant factors
•covid-19 public health emergency - in january 2020, an outbreak of a new strain of coronavirus ("covid-19") was identified and has since spread throughout much of the world, including the united states. all of our casino properties were temporarily closed for the period from mid-march 2020 through mid-may 2020 due to orders issued by various government agencies and tribal bodies as part of certain precautionary measures intended to help slow the spread of the covid-19 public health emergency. on may 15, 2020, we began reopening our properties and have resumed certain operations at all of our properties as of december 31, 2020, with the exception of additional temporary closures of caesars windsor, harrah's philadelphia, and our properties in illinois. subsequently, harrah's philadelphia and our properties in illinois have reopened. the covid-19 public health emergency has had a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations for the year ended december 31, 2020. we continued to pay our full-time employees through april 10, 2020, including tips and tokens. effective april 11, 2020, we furloughed approximately 90% of our employees, implemented salary reductions and committed to continue to provide benefits to our employees during the duration of their respective furlough period. a portion of our workforce has returned to service as the properties have resumed with limited capacities and in compliance with operating restrictions imposed by governmental or tribal orders, directives, and guidelines. due to the impact of the ongoing covid-19 public health emergency on our results of operations, we obtained waivers on the financial covenants in our former caesars credit facility agreement and the glpi master lease.
the extent of the ongoing and future effects of the covid-19 public health emergency on our business and the casino resort industry generally is uncertain, but we expect that it will continue to have a significant impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. the extent and duration of the impact of covid-19 on our business, results of operations and financial condition will ultimately depend on future developments, including but not limited to, the duration and severity of the outbreak, the efficacy and availability of vaccines, restrictions on operations imposed by governmental authorities, the potential for authorities reimposing stay at home orders or additional restrictions in response to continued developments with the covid-19 public health emergency, our ability to adapt to evolving operating procedures, the impact on consumer demand and discretionary spending, the length of time it takes for demand to return and our ability to adjust our cost structures for the duration of the outbreak's effect on our operations.
•impairment charges - as a result of declines in recent performance and the expected impact on future cash flows as a result of covid-19, we recognized impairment charges in our regional segment related to goodwill and trade names totaling $100 million and $16 million, respectively, during the year ended december 31, 2020. in addition, as a result of the agreements to sell properties in our regional segment, as well as certain corporate assets, impairment charges totaling $99 million were recorded during the year ended december 31, 2020 due to the carrying value exceeding the estimated net sales proceeds.
•weather and construction disruption - our regional segment was negatively impacted by severe weather, including flooding, during the first quarter of 2019 compared to the same current year period. additionally, our regional segment was negatively impacted by disruption to our casino floor and hotel availability associated with renovation projects at our black hawk properties during the construction period from january to june 2019. in late august 2020, our regional segment was negatively impacted by hurricane laura, causing severe damage to isle of capri casino hotel lake charles ("lake charles"), which remains closed as the construction of a new land-based casino is in process. we recorded an insurance receivable of $44 million, of which $15 million related to fixed asset impairments and $29 million related to remediation costs and repairs that have been incurred during year ended december 31, 2020.
results of operations the following table highlights the results of our operations:
years ended december 31,
(dollars in millions)                          2020                        2019                        2018
net revenues:
las vegas                                  $751                          $-                          $-
regional                                  2,545                       2,520                       2,055
managed, international, cie                 163                           -                           -
corporate and other (a)                      15                           8                           1
total                                    $3,474                      $2,528                      $2,056
net (loss) income                      $(1,758)                         $81                         $95
adjusted ebitda (b):
las vegas                                  $133                          $-                          $-
regional                                    671                         732                         548
managed, international, cie                  34                           -                           -
corporate and other (a)                   (101)                        (35)                        (32)
total segment adjusted ebitda              $737                        $697                        $516
net (loss) income margin (c)             (50.6)   %                     3.2   %                     4.6   %
adjusted ebitda margin                     21.2   %                    27.6   %                    25.1   %
___________________
(a)corporate and other includes revenues related to certain licensing revenue and various revenue sharing agreements. corporate and other expenses include corporate overhead costs, which consist of certain expenses, such as: payroll, professional fees, travel expenses and other general and administrative expenses that do not directly relate to or have not otherwise been allocated to a property. expenses incurred for corporate activities that are directly attributable to a property or are otherwise incurred to support a property are allocated to each property.
(b)see the "supplemental unaudited presentation of consolidated adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization ("adjusted ebitda")" discussion later in this md&a for a description of adjusted ebitda and a reconciliation of net (loss) income to adjusted ebitda related margins.
(c)net (loss) income margin is calculated as net (loss) income divided by net revenues.
consolidated comparison of the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018
comparisons between 2020 and 2019 are described below. a discussion of changes in our results of operations between year ended december 31, 2019 compared to 2018 has been omitted from this annual report on form 10-k and can be found in "item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - year ended december 31, 2019 compared to the year ended december 31, 2018" of the company's annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2019.
net revenues net revenues were as follows:
years ended december 31,                variance                   percent change                variance                   percent change
(dollars in millions)                              2020                        2019                        2018                                             2020 vs 2019                                             2019 vs 2018
net revenues:
casino and pari-mutuel commissions           $2,337                      $1,808                      $1,553                   $529                           29.3      %               $255                           16.4      %
food and beverage                               337                         301                         247                     36                           12.0      %                 54                           21.9      %
hotel                                           450                         300                         184                    150                           50.0      %                116                           63.0      %
other                                           350                         119                          72                    231                          194.1      %                 47                           65.3      %
net revenues                                 $3,474                      $2,528                      $2,056                   $946                           37.4      %               $472                           23.0      %
consolidated revenues increased for the year ended december 31, 2020 as a result of our acquisition of former caesars on july 20, 2020. this was offset by a decline in revenues associated with the impact of covid-19 public health emergency and, to a lesser extent, divestitures of certain properties discussed earlier. all of our casino properties were temporarily closed for the period from mid-march 2020 through mid-may 2020 due to orders issued by various government agencies and tribal bodies as part of certain precautionary measures intended to help slow the spread of the covid-19 public health emergency. on may 15, 2020, we began reopening our properties and have resumed certain operations at all of our properties as of december 31, 2020, with the exception of additional temporary closures of caesars windsor, harrah's philadelphia, and our properties in illinois. subsequently, harrah's philadelphia and our properties in illinois have reopened. our property in lake charles remains closed as a result of damage suffered in hurricane laura and will remain closed until construction of a new land-based casino is complete. due to the impact of the covid-19 public health emergency, including local and state regulations and the implementation of social distancing and health and safety protocols, our properties are subject to reduced gaming capacity and hotel occupancy, limited operation of food and beverage outlets, live entertainment events and conventions. as a result, gaming revenue represents a larger portion of our total revenues following the reopening of our properties as compared to earlier periods, which we expect to continue until such time as we are able to fully operate our non-gaming amenities following the reduction or elimination of social distancing and safety and health protocols, and other regulatory restrictions limiting capacity and other aspects of our business.
our diversified portfolio has yielded mixed results as the properties have reopened under the conditions noted above. net revenues for properties which have historically relied on a local customer base, not dependent on air travel or convention business, showed a smaller decrease as compared to the year ended december 31, 2019 results. these properties' gaming and hotel revenues have historically been the largest portion of their total revenue. properties in destination markets such as las vegas, atlantic city, northern nevada and new orleans, which have historically relied on a broader regional and national customer base or convention business have declined significantly as compared to the prior year period. these destination markets were impacted by restrictions on, and an overall decline in, air travel related to covid-19. these properties have historically relied on a broader mix of revenue sources including convention, entertainment, and food and beverage offerings. as a result of reduced visitation, air travel, state and local restrictions on capacity, and social distancing and safety and health protocols, these sources of revenue have been materially reduced as compared to prior periods.
operating expenses operating expenses were as follows:
years ended december 31,                  variance                   percent change                variance                   percent change
(dollars in millions)                                       2020                        2019                        2018                                               2020 vs 2019                                             2019 vs 2018
operating expenses:
casino and pari-mutuel commissions                    $1,197                        $905                        $824                     $292                           32.3      %                $81                            9.8      %
food and beverage                                        261                         239                         203                       22                            9.2      %                 36                           17.7      %
hotel                                                    170                          99                          65                       71                           71.7      %                 34                           52.3      %
other                                                    140                          46                          39                       94                                     *                  7                           17.9      %
general and administrative                               882                         503                         381                      379                           75.3      %                122                           32.0      %
corporate                                                195                          66                          46                      129                          195.5      %                 20                           43.5      %
impairment charges                                       215                           1                          14                      214                                     *               (13)                         (92.9)      %
depreciation and amortization                            583                         222                         157                      361                          162.6      %                 65                           41.4      %
transaction costs and other operating costs              268                          37                          17                      231                                     *                 20                          117.6      %
total operating expenses                              $3,911                      $2,118                      $1,746                   $1,793                           84.7      %               $372                           21.3      %
___________________
*    not meaningful.
casino and pari-mutuel expenses consist primarily of salaries and wages associated with our gaming operations, marketing and promotions and gaming taxes. hotel expenses consist principally of salaries, wages and supplies associated with our hotel operations. food and beverage expenses consist principally of salaries and wages and costs of goods sold associated with our food and beverage operations. other expenses consist principally of salaries and wages and costs of goods sold associated with our retail, entertainment and other operations.
casino and pari-mutuel, hotel, food and beverage, and other expenses for the year ended december 31, 2020 increased year over year as a result of our acquisition of former caesars. this was partially offset as a result of the temporary closures of all of our properties due to the covid-19 public health emergency, which reduced our salaries and wages, gaming taxes, costs of goods sold, and other expenses. as discussed above, our reopened properties are operating with reduced gaming and hotel capacity and limited food and beverage options. in addition, our properties have reduced marketing and promotional spend, resulting in further declines in gaming expenses.
general and administrative expenses include items such as information technology, facility maintenance, utilities, property and liability insurance, expenses for administrative departments such as accounting, compliance, purchasing, human resources, legal and internal audit, and property taxes. property, general and administrative expenses also include stock-based compensation expense for certain property executives, sports sponsorships and other marketing expenses not directly related to our gaming operations.
general and administrative expenses for the year ended december 31, 2020 increased year over year as the result of our acquisition of former caesars. this was offset by actions taken to reduce our cost structure while our properties were temporarily closed and during the period of reduced operations due to the impact of the covid-19 public health emergency, which are discussed above and implemented.
for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the same prior year period, corporate expenses increased primarily due to the acquisition of former caesars offset by reductions in salaries and wages due to reductions in workforce implemented as a result of the impact of the covid-19 public health emergency.
for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the same prior year period, depreciation and amortization expense increased mainly due to the acquisition of former caesars offset by ceasing depreciation and amortization expense on assets held for sale and the divestitures.
for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the same prior year period, transaction costs and other operating costs increased primarily due to costs or fees incurred related to the merger, various project exit fees and related write offs, and higher severance expense related to synergies associated with the merger.
impairment charges increased by $214 million in 2020 due to impairment related to goodwill and trade names recognized due to a triggering event resulting from the covid-19 public health emergency as well as impairments related to our held for sale properties recognized due to the carrying value exceeding the estimated net sales proceeds.
other expense other expense was as follows:
years ended december 31,                  variance               percent change                      variance               percent change
(dollars in millions)                             2020                        2019   2018                                                                    2020 vs 2019                                               2019 vs 2018
other expense interest expense, net                     $(1,174)                      $(286)                   $(172)                      $(888)                    *                                $(114)                    (66.3)        %
loss on extinguishment of debt               (197)                         (8)                   -                            (189)                    *                                   (8)                    *
other (loss) income                            176                           9                   (3)             167                                   *                    12                                    *
provision for income taxes                   (126)                        (44)                   (40)                          (82)                    (186.4)       %                     (4)                    (10.0)        %
___________________
*    not meaningful.
for the year ended december 31, 2020, interest expense, net increased year over year as a result of our acquisition of former caesars. outstanding debt assumed, additional debt raised, and assumed financing obligations resulted in the increase in interest expense.
for the year ended december 31, 2020, the loss on extinguishment of debt increased year over year due to the early repayment of outstanding debt as a result of our acquisition of former caesars.
for the year ended december 31, 2020, other (loss) income increased year over year mainly due to a gain of $169 million related to the change in the foreign currency exchange rate associated with restricted cash held in gbp for, and a derivative contract related to, our expected acquisition of william hill.
the effective tax rate was (7.7%) for 2020, 35.2% for 2019, and 29.8% for 2018. the effective tax rate in 2020 differed from the statutory rate of 21% primarily due to an increase in the valuation allowance against the deferred tax assets due to the series of transactions with vici during the year.
segment comparison for the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018
las vegas segment years ended december 31,                  variance               percent change       variance                   percent change
(dollars in millions)                                    2020   2019                    2018                                                                2020 vs 2019   2019 vs 2018
revenues:
casino and pari-mutuel commissions                   $319                   $-                      $-                        $319                    *                    $-                         *
food and beverage                                     130                   -                       -                          130                    *                    -                          *
hotel                                                 186                   -                       -                          186                    *                    -                          *
other                                                 116                   -                       -                          116                    *                    -                          *
net revenues                                         $751                   $-                      $-                        $751                    *                    $-                         *
adjusted ebitda                                      $133                   $-                      $-                        $133                    *                    $-                         *
adjusted ebitda margin                               17.7   %               -       %               -       %                                         17.7 pts                                        *
net (loss) income attributable to caesars          $(287)                   $-                      $-                      $(287)                    *                    $-                         *
___________________
*    not meaningful.
las vegas segment's net revenues and adjusted ebitda increased as a result of the acquisition of former caesars. as of december 31, 2020, all of our las vegas properties were reopened. all of our properties within the las vegas segment reopened with reduced gaming and hotel capacity with limited food and beverage offerings as well as limited capacity at a few entertainment shows. as of december 31, 2020, convention venues have not reopened due to capacity limitations.
in the period between properties reopening and december 31, 2020, all of our reopened properties in the las vegas segment experienced a significant decline in net revenues and adjusted ebitda compared to former caesars' prior year results for the same properties due to the general weakness in the economic environment resulting from reduced visitation and travel to las vegas resulting from the covid-19 public health emergency. compared to our regional segment, adjusted ebitda margin for our las vegas segment experienced a more significant negative impact from declines in revenue, as well as rent expense associated with our rio lease beginning in december 2019.
regional segment years ended december 31,         variance                   percent change                variance                   percent change
(dollars in millions)                                    2020                        2019                        2018                                      2020 vs 2019                                             2019 vs 2018
revenues:
casino and pari-mutuel commissions                 $1,972                      $1,808                      $1,553            $164                            9.1      %               $255                           16.4      %
food and beverage                                     206                         301                         247            (95)                         (31.6)      %                 54                           21.9      %
hotel                                                 264                         300                         184            (36)                         (12.0)      %                116                           63.0      %
other                                                 103                         111                          71             (8)                          (7.2)      %                 40                           56.3      %
net revenues                                       $2,545                      $2,520                      $2,055             $25                            1.0      %               $465                           22.6      %
adjusted ebitda                                      $671                        $732                        $548           $(61)                          (8.3)      %               $184                           33.6      %
adjusted ebitda margin                               26.4   %                    29.0   %                    26.7   %                                         (2.6) pts                                                  2.3 pts net (loss) income attributable to caesars          $(338)                        $398                        $320          $(736)                        (184.9)      %                $78                           24.4      %
regional segment's net revenues increased as a result of our merger with former caesars. adjusted ebitda and margin decreased for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the same prior year period as a result of property closures due to the covid-19 public health emergency. all of our properties in our regional segment, with the exception of lake charles, harrah's philadelphia and our properties in illinois reopened as of december 31, 2020. subsequently, harrah's philadelphia and our properties in illinois have reopened. all of our properties within the regional segment reopened with reduced gaming and hotel capacity and with limited food and beverage offerings.
in the period between properties reopening and december 31, 2020, our regional properties experienced a decline in net revenues as compared to the prior year. the majority of our regional properties other than atlantic city, northern nevada and new orleans, adjusted ebitda declined slightly as compared to prior year, when including former caesars' prior year, for the same properties. adjusted ebitda margin for these properties was higher as compared to prior year due to operating with a reduced workforce, reducing marketing costs, and limiting certain lower margin food and beverage offerings.
properties in atlantic city, northern nevada and new orleans experienced significant declines in net revenues and adjusted ebitda as compared to prior year and former caesars' prior year for the same properties as they were all negatively impacted by reduced visitation and limitations on capacity due to the covid-19 public health emergency.
managed, international & cie segment years ended december 31,                variance               percent change       variance                   percent change
(dollars in millions)                                  2020   2019                    2018                                                              2020 vs 2019   2019 vs 2018
revenues:
casino and pari-mutuel commissions                  $46                   $-                      $-                       $46                    *                    $-                         *
food and beverage                                     1                   -                       -                          1                    *                    -                          *
other                                               116                   -                       -                        116                    *                    -                          *
net revenues                                       $163                   $-                      $-                      $163                    *                    $-                         *
adjusted ebitda                                     $34                   $-                      $-                       $34                    *                    $-                         *
adjusted ebitda margin                             20.9   %               -       %               -       %                                       20.9 pts                                        *
net (loss) income attributable to caesars           $38                   $-                      $-                       $38                    *                    $-                         *
___________________
*    not meaningful.
managed, international, cie segment's net revenues and adjusted ebitda increased as a result of the acquisition of former caesars. all of our managed properties have reopened as of december 31, 2020, with the exception of caesars windsor. our cie business was not closed at any point related to the covid-19 public health emergency.
for the year ended december 31, 2020, net revenues for managed, international and cie declined as compared to former caesars' prior period related to reimbursed management costs related to caesars windsor remaining closed throughout the current period. excluding that, net revenues increased primarily related to increased revenue in our cie business. adjusted ebitda for managed, international and cie increased as compared to former caesars' prior period.
corporate & other years ended december 31,       variance                   percent change       variance               percent change
(dollars in millions)                  2020   2019                      2018                                                       2020 vs 2019                                    2019 vs 2018
revenues:
other                               $15                        $8                        $1            $7                           87.5      %        $7                    *
net revenues                        $15                        $8                        $1            $7                           87.5      %        $7                    *
adjusted ebitda                  $(101)                     $(35)                     $(32)         $(66)                        (188.6)      %      $(3)                    (9.4)         %
___________________
*    not meaningful.
supplemental unaudited presentation of consolidated adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization ("adjusted ebitda") for the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018
adjusted ebitda (described below), a non-gaap financial measure, has been presented as a supplemental disclosure because it is a widely used measure of performance and basis for valuation of companies in our industry and we believe that this non-gaap supplemental information will be helpful in understanding our ongoing operating results. management has historically used adjusted ebitda when evaluating operating performance because we believe that the inclusion or exclusion of certain recurring and non-recurring items is necessary to provide a full understanding of our core operating results and as a means to evaluate period-to-period results. adjusted ebitda represents net income (loss) before interest expense, (benefit) provision for income taxes, unrealized (gain) loss on investments and marketable securities, depreciation and amortization, stock-based compensation, impairment charges, transaction expenses, severance expense, selling costs associated with the divestitures of properties, equity in income (loss) of unconsolidated affiliates, (gain) loss on the sale or disposal of property and equipment, (gain) loss related to divestitures, changes in the fair value of certain derivatives and certain non-recurring expenses such as sign-on and retention bonuses, business optimization expenses and transformation expenses, litigation awards and settlements, losses on inventory associated with properties temporarily closed as a result of the covid-19 public health emergency, contract exit or termination costs, and regulatory settlements. adjusted ebitda also excludes the expense associated with certain of our leases as these transactions were accounted for as financing obligations and the associated expense is included in interest expense. adjusted ebitda is not a measure of performance or liquidity calculated in accordance with gaap, is unaudited and should not be considered an alternative to, or more meaningful than, net income (loss) as an indicator of our operating performance. uses of cash flows that are not reflected in adjusted ebitda include capital expenditures, interest payments, income taxes, debt principal repayments, payments under our leases with affiliates of glpi and vici properties inc. and certain regulatory gaming assessments, which can be significant. as a result, adjusted ebitda should not be considered as a measure of our liquidity. other companies that provide ebitda information may calculate adjusted ebitda differently than we do. the definition of adjusted ebitda may not be the same as the definitions used in any of our debt agreements.
the following table summarizes our adjusted ebitda for our operating segments for the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively, in addition to reconciling net (loss) income to adjusted ebitda in accordance with us gaap (unaudited):
year ended december 31, 2020
(in millions)                                                        cei                   less: divest. add: disc. ops (e)(h)                    pre-acq. cec (f)                     total (g)(i)
net loss attributable to caesars                            $(1,757)                                         $93                                  $(1,059)                          $(2,723)
net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests                (1)                                           -                                      (67)                              (68)
interest expense, net                                          1,174                                          49                                       750                             1,973
provision (benefit) for income taxes                             126                                           9                                     (224)                              (89)
other loss (income) (a)                                        (176)                                        (12)                                      (45)                             (233)
loss on extinguishment of debt (b)                               197                                           -                                         -                               197
impairment charges                                               215                                        (33)                                       189                               371
depreciation and amortization                                    583                                         (5)                                       559                             1,137
stock-based compensation expense                                  78                                           1                                        26                               105
transaction costs and other operating costs (c)                  268                                         (6)                                        71                               333
other items (d)                                                   30                                         (2)                                        54                                82
adjusted ebitda                                                 $737                                         $94                                      $254                            $1,085
year ended december 31, 2019
(in millions)                                                    cei               less: divestitures (h)                         pre-acq. cec (f)                       total (i)
net income (loss) attributable to caesars                    $81                   $(51)                                          $(1,195)                          $(1,165)
net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests              -                   -                                                   (3)                               (3)
provision (benefit) for income taxes                          44                   (37)                                              (141)                             (134)
other loss (income) (a)                                      (9)                   -                                                   587                               578
loss on extinguishment of debt                                 8                   -                                                     -                                 8
interest expense, net                                        286       10                                                            1,370                             1,666
depreciation and amortization                                222                   (29)                                              1,021                             1,214
impairment charges                                             1                   -                                                   468                               469
transaction costs and other operating costs (c)               37                   (1)                                                 136                               172
stock-based compensation expense                              20                   (1)                                                  88                               107
other items (d)                                                7                   -                                                    80                                87
adjusted ebitda                                             $697                   $(109)                                           $2,411                            $2,999
year ended december 31, 2018
(in millions)                                                       cei               less: divestitures (h)                         pre-acq. cec (f)                   pre-acq. trop &amp; elgin (j)                     total (i)
net income attributable to caesars                              $95                   $(47)                                              $303                                         $56                                $407
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests               -                   -                                                     1                                           -                                   1
provision (benefit) for income taxes                             40                   (11)                                              (121)                                          19                                (73)
other loss (income) (a)                                           3                   -                                                 (791)                                           1                               (787)
loss on extinguishment of debt                                    -                   -                                                     1                                           1                                   2
interest expense, net                                           172                   (17)                                              1,346                                           2                               1,503
depreciation and amortization                                   157                   (52)                                              1,145                                          64                               1,314
impairment charges                                               14                   (14)                                                 78                                           -                                  78
transaction costs and other operating costs (c)                  17                   -                                                   155                                           4                                 176
stock-based compensation expense                                 13                   (1)                                                  79                                           -                                  91
other items (d)                                                   5                   (1)                                                         112                                  32                                 148
adjusted ebitda                                                $516                   $(143)                                           $2,308                                        $179                              $2,860
____________________
(a)other loss (income) for the year ended december 31, 2020 primarily represents gains resulting from the change in the foreign currency exchange rate associated with restricted cash held in gbp and a derivative contract associated with our expected acquisition of william hill, gains on william hill uk and flutter stock held by the company and realized gain on conversion of cec's 5% convertible notes. partially offsetting these gains is a loss on the change in fair value of the derivative liability related to cec's 5% convertible notes. other loss (income) for the year ended december 31, 2019 primarily represents unrealized loss on the change in fair value of the derivative liability related to cec's 5% convertible notes.
(b)loss on extinguishment of debt for the year ended december 31, 2020 primarily represents loss on early repayment of debt in connection with the consummation of the merger. loss on extinguishment of debt for the year ended december 31, 2019 is related to the pro-rated write off of deferred financing costs associated with permanent payments on the eri term loan.
(c)transaction costs and other operating costs for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019 primarily represent costs related to the merger with former caesars, various contract or license termination exit costs, and severance costs. transaction costs for the year ended december 31, 2018 primarily represent costs related to the tropicana acquisition.
(d)other items include internal labor charges related to certain departed executives and contract labor and other miscellaneous items.
(e)discontinued operations include horseshoe hammond, caesars southern indiana, harrah's louisiana downs, caesars uk group including emerald resorts & casino, and bally's atlantic city.
(f)pre-acquisition cec represents results of operations for former caesars for the period from january 1, 2020 to july 20, 2020, the date on which the merger was consummated, for the year ended december 31, 2020, respectively, and for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018. such figures are based on unaudited internal financial statements and have not been reviewed by the company's auditors and, for the 2020 periods, do not conform to gaap.
(g)2020 total for the year ended december 31, 2020 includes results of operations from discontinued operations and from former caesars prior to july 20, 2020, the date on which the merger was consummated. such presentation does not conform to gaap or the securities and exchange commission rules for pro forma presentation; however, we believe that the additional financial information will be helpful to investors in comparing current results with results of prior periods. this is non-gaap data and should not be considered a substitute for data prepared in accordance with gaap, but should be viewed in addition to the results of operations reported by the company.
(h)divestitures for the year ended december 31, 2020 include results of operations for kansas city and vicksburg, eldorado shreveport, harrah's reno, and bally's atlantic city. divestitures for the year ended december 31, 2019 and 2018 include results of operations for presque, nemacolin, mountaineer, cape girardeau, caruthersville, kansas city, vicksburg, eldorado shreveport, harrah's reno and bally's atlantic city. such figures are based on unaudited internal financial statements and have not been reviewed by the company's auditors and do not conform to gaap.
(i)2020, 2019, and 2018 totals for the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018 exclude results of operations from divestitures as detailed in (g) and includes results of operations from discontinued operations and from former caesars prior to july 20, 2020, the date, on which the merger was consummated. such presentation does not conform to gaap or the securities and exchange commission rules for pro forma presentation; however, we believe that the additional financial information will be helpful to investors in comparing current results with results of prior periods. this is non-gaap data and should not be considered a substitute for data prepared in accordance with gaap, but should be viewed in addition to our reported results of operations.
(j)pre-acquisition trop & elgin represents results of operations for tropicana for the nine months ended september 30, 2018 and for elgin for the period beginning january 1, 2018 and ending august 6, 2018. such figures are based on unaudited internal financial statements and have not been reviewed by the company's auditors and do not conform to gaap.
liquidity and capital resources we are a holding company and our only significant assets are ownership interests in our subsidiaries. our ability to fund our obligations depends on existing cash on hand, contracted asset sales, cash flow from our subsidiaries and our ability to raise capital. our primary sources of liquidity and capital resources have been existing cash on hand, cash flow from operations, borrowings under our revolving credit facilities, proceeds from the issuance of debt and equity securities and proceeds from completed asset sales and sale leaseback transactions.
our cash requirements fluctuate significantly depending on our decisions with respect to business acquisitions or divestitures and strategic capital investments to maintain the quality of our properties. our operating cash flows also significantly depend on our properties to remain open. as describe above, all of our casino properties were temporarily closed for the period from mid-march 2020 through mid-may 2020 due to orders issued by various government agencies and tribal bodies to reduce the spread of covid-19. beginning on may 15, 2020, we began reopening our properties and as of december 31, 2020 we have resumed operations at all of our properties, with the exception of additional temporary closures of caesars windsor, harrah's philadelphia, and our properties in illinois. in an effort to mitigate the impacts of covid-19 public health emergency on our business and maintain liquidity, we furloughed approximately 90% of our employees beginning on april 11, 2020. a portion of the workforce has returned to service as the properties have resumed with limited capacities and in compliance with operating restrictions in accordance with governmental orders, directives and guidelines. as a result of these payroll changes combined with other cost saving measures, our operating expenses and operating cash flows were reduced significantly.
in an effort to maintain liquidity and provide financial flexibility as the effects of covid-19 public health emergency continued to evolve and impact global financial markets, we borrowed $465 million under our revolving credit facility on march 16, 2020, which we repaid utilizing, in part, proceeds from the sale of our interests in kansas city and vicksburg. additionally, on june 19, 2020, we completed a public offering of 20,700,000 shares of company common stock, at an offering price of $39.00 per share, which provided $772 million of proceeds, net of fees and estimated expenses of $35 million, for general corporate purposes.
on july 1, 2020, we completed the sale of kansas city and vicksburg for $230 million and used a portion of the proceeds to repay the outstanding balance under our revolving credit facility. in addition, we closed the sale of harrah's reno on september 30, 2020 which provided additional proceeds of $8 million, net of certain closing costs.
on july 6, 2020, we issued $3.4 billion aggregate principal amount of 6.25% senior secured notes due 2025 (the "cei senior secured notes"), $1.8 billion aggregate principal amount of 8.125% senior notes due 2027 (the "cei senior notes") and $1.0 billion aggregate principal amount of 5.75% senior secured notes due 2025 (the "crc senior secured notes").
on july 20, 2020, in connection with the merger, we consummated certain sale leaseback transactions with vici with respect to harrah's new orleans, harrah's laughlin and harrah's resort atlantic city, including the harrah's atlantic city waterfront conference center, for approximately $1.8 billion of net proceeds. additionally, we received a one-time payment from vici of approximately $1.4 billion for amendments to the vici leases. furthermore, we entered into an incremental agreement to the existing crc credit agreement, for an incremental term loan in an aggregate principal amount of $1.8 billion.
in connection with the consummation of the merger, on july 20, 2020, our current and future liquidity significantly changed. a portion of the proceeds from our newly issued debt and proceeds we received from vici, as well as cash on hand generated from the sale of company common stock, were used (a) to fund a portion of the cash consideration of the merger, (b) to prepay in full the loans outstanding and terminate all commitments under our existing credit agreement, dated as of april 17, 2017, (c) to satisfy and discharge our senior notes, (d) to repay $975 million of the outstanding amount under the existing crc revolving credit facility, (e) to repay in full the loans outstanding and terminate all commitments under the existing ceoc, llc credit agreement, dated as of october 6, 2017, (f) to pay fees and expenses related to the financing arrangements, and (g) for general corporate purposes. additionally, we entered into the cei revolving credit facility which provides for a five-year senior secured revolving credit facility in an aggregate principal amount of $1.2 billion, that matures in 2025.
on september 18, 2020, we entered into a $400 million loan agreement with a subsidiary of vici for a term of five years, with such loan secured by, among other things, a first priority fee mortgage on the caesars forum convention center (the "forum convention center mortgage loan"). the interest rate on the forum convention center mortgage loan is initially 7.7% per annum, which escalates annually to a maximum interest rate of 8.3% per annum. after the second anniversary of the closing of the loan, we have the option of prepaying the loan, which may include a premium.
as of december 31, 2020, our cash on hand and revolving borrowing capacity were as follows:
(in millions)                                                december 31, 2020
cash and cash equivalents                                       $1,758
revolver capacity                                                2,210
revolver capacity committed to letters of credit                  (84)
total                                                           $3,884
on september 30, 2020, we announced that we had reached an agreement with william hill on the terms of a recommended cash acquisition pursuant to which we would acquire the entire issued and to be issued share capital (other than shares owned by us or held in treasury) of william hill, in an all-cash transaction of approximately £2.9 billion, or $3.7 billion. as required by uk regulations, we were required to provide a cash confirmation of funding for our potential acquisition of william hill. in support of the confirmation process, on september 25, 2020, we borrowed $900 million on our cei revolving credit facility. the transaction remains conditional on, among other things, approvals from state, federal and international regulators. we entered into a foreign exchange forward contract to hedge the risk of appreciation of the gbp denominated purchase price for the proposed william hill acquisition. under the agreement, we have agreed to purchase £536 million at a contracted exchange rate. the forward term of the contract ends on march 31, 2021.
on october 1, 2020, we completed a public offering of 35,650,000 shares of company common stock at an offering price of $56.00 per share. net proceeds from the offering, after deducting the underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated expenses, were approximately $1.9 billion which we intend to use for general corporate purposes, including to finance a portion of the proposed william hill acquisition. as of december 31, 2020, we have restricted cash of approximately $1.9 billion which we expect to apply to pay a portion of the purchase price of the acquisition.
on october 6, 2020, we entered into a £1.5 billion interim facilities agreement with deutsche bank ag, london branch and jpmorgan chase bank, n.a. pursuant to the interim facilities agreement, such lenders have made available to the company: (a) a 540-day £1.0 billion asset sale bridge facility and (b) a 60-day £503 million cash confirmation bridge facility (collectively, the "facility"). the facility may be used to finance the acquisition, refinance or otherwise discharge the indebtedness of william hill and its subsidiaries, pay transaction fees and expenses related to the foregoing and for working capital and general corporate purposes, among other things. the availability of the borrowings under the facility is subject to the satisfaction of certain customary conditions. if drawn upon, outstanding borrowings under the facility will bear interest at a rate equal to the london interbank offered rate plus 3.50% per annum. we entered into the interim facilities agreement in connection with requirement under applicable united kingdom law to demonstrate that we have "funds certain" to pay the entirety of the cash purchase price for the proposed acquisition of william hill. we do not intend to borrow under the interim facilities agreement. instead, we intend to negotiate long-form financing documentation pursuant to which a subsidiary will incur the debt financing for the acquisition.
in addition to the capital required to complete the proposed acquisition of william hill, we expect that our primary capital requirements going forward will relate to the operation and maintenance of our properties, taxes, servicing our outstanding indebtedness, and rent payments under the glpi master lease, the vici leases and other leases. we make capital expenditures and perform continuing refurbishment and maintenance at our properties to maintain our quality standards. our capital expenditure requirements for 2021 are expected to significantly increase as a result of the additional properties acquired in the merger and new development projects. we also funded $400 million to escrow as of the closing of the merger and will utilize those funds in accordance with a three year capital expenditure plan in the state of new jersey, and an additional $25 million was funded in the fourth quarter of 2020 for improvements at our racing properties within the state of indiana. these amounts are currently included in restricted cash. we are also in the process of a more than $47 million renovation to the resort rooms and suites of silver legacy resort casino, projected to be completed by summer 2021. in relation to the extension of the casino operating contract and ground lease for harrah's new orleans (see note 11), we are required to make a capital investment of $325 million by july 15, 2024.
cash spent for capital expenditures totaled $163 million, $171 million, $147 million for the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively, related to our growth and maintenance capital projects. the following table summarizes our estimates for 2021 capital expenditures:
(in millions)                                                                                              low                   high atlantic city                                                                                         $175                   $225
indiana                                                                                                  5                     15
total estimated capital expenditures from restricted cash                                              180                    240
lake charles                                                                                            75                    125
new orleans                                                                                             25                     50
other growth and maintenance projects (a)                                                              325                    350
total estimated capital expenditures from unrestricted cash and insurance proceeds                     425                    525
total estimated capital expenditures in 2021                                                          $605                   $765
____________________
(a)includes capital expenditures that may be incurred at our atlantic city, indiana and lake charles properties for normal maintenance projects in addition to amounts described above.
on august 27, 2020, hurricane laura made landfall on lake charles as a category 4 storm. the hurricane severely damaged the isle of capri casino lake charles, as a result of which the company has recorded an insurance receivable of $44 million, of which $15 million related to fixed asset impairments and $29 million related to remediation costs and repairs that have been incurred in the year ended december 31, 2020. the property will remain closed until construction of a new land-based casino is complete.
a significant portion of our liquidity needs are for debt service and payments associated with our leases. in addition to our newly issued debt, our debt obligations increased as a result of outstanding debt of former caesars that remained outstanding following the consummation of the merger. our estimated debt service (including principal and interest) is approximately $907 million for 2021. we also lease certain real property assets from third parties, including glpi and vici. we estimate our lease payments to be approximately $1.1 billion for 2021.
the 5% convertible notes (defined below) remain outstanding following the consummation of the merger. as a result of the merger, the 5% convertible notes are convertible into weighted average of the number of shares of company common stock and the amount of cash actually received per share by holders of common stock of former caesars that made elections for consideration in the merger. the 5% convertible notes are convertible at any time at the option of the holders thereof or the company. we do not intend to exercise our option to cause the conversion of the 5% convertible notes prior to maturity. as of december 31, 2020, we have paid approximately $903 million and issued approximately 10.8 million shares upon conversion of $770 million in aggregate principal amount of the 5% convertible notes during 2020. at such time as the holders of the 5% convertible notes elect to cause conversion, we estimate using cash of $379 million and issuing 4.5 million shares to settle the remaining outstanding 5% convertible notes as of december 31, 2020.
on april 24, 2020, the company entered into a definitive purchase agreement with twin river and certain of its affiliates for the sale of the equity interests of eldorado resort casino shreveport joint venture and columbia properties tahoe, llc, the entities that hold eldorado shreveport and montbleu, respectively, for aggregate consideration of $155 million, subject to a customary working capital adjustment. the definitive agreement provides that the consummation of the sale is subject to satisfaction of customary conditions, including receipt of required regulatory approvals. on december 23, 2020, the company consummated the sale of eldorado shreveport to bally's corporation for $140 million resulting in a gain of $29 million. montbleu is expected to close in the first half of 2021.
on september 3, 2020, the company and vici entered into agreement to sell harrah's louisiana downs with rubico acquisition corp. for $22 million, subject to a customary working capital adjustment, where the proceeds will be split between the company and vici. the sale is subject to satisfaction of customary conditions, including receipt of required regulatory approvals and is expected to close in the first half of 2021.
we previously reached an agreement with vici and closed the sale of bally's atlantic city hotel & casino to bally's corporation for $25 million on november 18, 2020. the proceeds from the sale were split between the company and vici, and the company received $5 million of net proceeds. in addition, on october 9, 2020, we reached an agreement to sell the bally's brand to bally's corporation worldwide holding, inc. for $20 million, while retaining the right to use the brand within bally's las vegas into perpetuity.
on october 27, 2020, the company entered into an agreement to sell evansville to glpi and twin river for $480 million in cash, subject to a customary working capital adjustment. the sale is subject to satisfaction of customary conditions, including receipt of required regulatory approvals and is expected to close in mid-2021.
on december 1, 2020, the company entered into a definitive agreement with cq holding company, inc. to sell the equity interests of baton rouge. the definitive agreement provides that the consummation of the sale is subject to satisfaction of customary conditions, including receipt of required regulatory approvals and is expected to close in mid-2021.
on december 24, 2020, the company entered into an agreement to sell caesars southern indiana to the ebci for $250 million, subject to a customary working capital adjustment. the sale is subject to satisfaction of customary conditions, including receipt of required regulatory approvals and is expected to close in the third quarter of 2021.
in addition to the agreements above, we also expect to enter into additional agreements to divest of horseshoe hammond prior to december 31, 2021. further, we expect to enter into agreements to sell several other non-core properties including our international properties within our caesars uk group, which includes emerald resorts casino. we expect these divestitures to close by mid-year 2021.
if the agreed upon selling price for future divestitures does not exceed the carrying value of the assets, we may be required to record additional impairment charges in future periods which may be material.
we expect that our current liquidity, cash flows from operations, borrowings under committed credit facilities and proceeds from the announced asset sales, will be sufficient to fund our operations, capital requirements and service our outstanding indebtedness for the next twelve months. however, the covid-19 public health emergency has had, and is expected to continue to have, an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and has caused, and may continue to cause, disruption in the financial markets. while we have undertaken efforts to mitigate the impacts of covid-19 on our business and maintain liquidity, the extent of the ongoing and future effects of the covid-19 public health emergency on our business, results of operations and financial condition is uncertain and may adversely impact our liquidity in the future. our ability to access additional capital may be adversely affected by the disruption in the financial markets caused by the covid-19 public health emergency, restrictions on incurring additional indebtedness contained in the agreements governing our indebtedness and the impact of the public health emergency on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
debt and master lease covenant compliance the crc credit agreement, the cei revolving credit facility and the indentures related to the crc senior notes and cei senior secured notes contain covenants which are standard and customary for these types of agreements. these include negative covenants, which, subject to certain exceptions and baskets, limit our ability to (among other items) incur additional indebtedness, make investments, make restricted payments, including dividends, grant liens, sell assets and make acquisitions. the covenants in the indenture for the 5% convertible notes are limited as a result of amendments that became effective in connection with the consummation of the merger.
the crc revolving credit facility and cei revolving credit facility include a maximum first-priority net senior secured leverage ratio financial covenant of 6.35:1, which is applicable solely to the extent that certain testing conditions are satisfied. failure to comply with such covenants could result in an acceleration of the maturity of indebtedness outstanding under the relevant debt documents.
the company's results of operations have been materially adversely affected by the impacts of the covid-19 public health emergency. as a result, the current terms of the crc credit agreement and the cei credit agreement provide that the financial covenant measurement period is not effective through september 30, 2021 so long as crc and the company, respectively, comply with a minimum liquidity requirement, which includes any such availability under the applicable revolving credit facilities.
the glpi master lease contains certain operating, capital expenditure and financial covenants thereunder, and our ability to comply with these covenants was negatively impacted by the effects of the covid-19 public health emergency on our results of operations. on june 15, 2020, we entered into an amendment to the glpi master lease which provides certain relief under these covenants in the event of facility closures due to public health emergencies, governmental restrictions and certain other instances of unavoidable delay. on july 17, 2020, the amendment to the glpi master lease became effective as the company obtained all necessary approvals and the applicable waiting period expired. furthermore, the company obtained waivers from vici with relation to annual capital expenditure requirements for 2020.
as of december 31, 2020, we were in compliance with all of the applicable financial covenants under the cei credit agreement, cei senior secured notes, crc credit agreement, cei senior notes, crc senior secured notes, 5% convertible notes, the glpi leases and vici leases.
share repurchase program on november 8, 2018, we issued a press release announcing that our board has authorized a $150 million common stock repurchase program (the "share repurchase program") pursuant to which we may, from time to time, repurchase shares of common stock on the open market (either with or without a 10b5-1 plan) or through privately negotiated transactions. the share repurchase program has no time limit and may be suspended or discontinued at any time without notice. there is no minimum number of shares of common stock that we are required to repurchase under the share repurchase program.
as of december 31, 2020, we have acquired 223,823 shares of common stock under the program at an aggregate value of $9 million and an average of $40.80 per share. no shares were repurchased during the years ended december 31, 2020 or 2019.
debt obligations and leases new debt transactions we were party to a credit agreement with jpmorgan chase bank, n.a., as administrative agent, and the lenders party thereto dated as of april 17, 2017 (as amended, the "eri credit facility"), consisting of a $1.5 billion term loan facility and a $500 million revolving credit facility.
in an effort to maintain liquidity and provide financial flexibility as the effects of covid-19 continued to evolve and impact global financial markets, we borrowed $465 million under the eri credit facility on march 16, 2020, which we repaid in july 2020 utilizing, in part, proceeds from the sale of our interests in kansas city and vicksburg.
on july 6, 2020, colt merger sub, inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of the company ("escrow issuer") issued $3.4 billion aggregate principal amount of 6.25% senior secured notes due 2025, $1.8 billion aggregate principal amount of 8.125% senior notes due 2027 and $1.0 billion aggregate principal amount of 5.75% senior secured notes due 2025.
on july 20, 2020, in connection with the closing of the merger, the company entered into a new credit agreement which provides a five-year senior secured revolving credit facility in an aggregate principal amount of $1.2 billion. in addition, caesars resort collection, llc, which became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the company as a result of the merger ("crc"), entered into incremental agreements to the crc credit agreement (described below) for an aggregate principal amount of $1.8 billion.
a portion of the proceeds from these arrangements was used to prepay in full the loans outstanding and terminate all commitments under the eri credit facility, and to satisfy and discharge the company's 6% senior notes due 2025, 6% senior notes due 2026, and the 7% senior notes due 2023.
the 6% senior notes due 2025 were redeemed at a redemption price of 104.5%, the 7% senior notes due 2023 were redeemed at a redemption price of 103.5%, and $210 million aggregate principal amount of the 6% senior notes due 2026 was redeemed at a redemption price of 106% with the remaining balance redeemed at a redemption price of 100% of the aggregate principal amount thereof plus the applicable premium, as defined in the indenture for the 6% senior notes due 2026. the redemption of these senior notes resulted in a loss on extinguishment of $132 million during the year ended december 31, 2020, which is recorded within loss on extinguishment of debt on the statement of operations.
cei senior secured notes due 2025
on july 6, 2020, escrow issuer issued $3.4 billion in aggregate principal amount of 6.25% cei senior secured notes due 2025 pursuant to an indenture dated july 6, 2020 (the "cei senior secured notes"), by and among the escrow issuer, u.s. bank national association, as trustee, and u.s. bank national association, as collateral agent. in connection with the consummation of the merger, we assumed the rights and obligations under the cei senior secured notes and the indenture governing the cei senior secured notes on july 20, 2020. the cei senior secured notes will mature on july 1, 2025 with interest payable semi-annually in cash in arrears on january 1 and july 1 of each year, commencing january 1, 2021.
cei senior notes due 2027
on july 6, 2020, escrow issuer issued $1.8 billion in aggregate principal amount of 8.125% senior notes due 2027 pursuant to an indenture, dated july 6, 2020 (the "cei senior notes"), by and between the escrow issuer and u.s. bank national association, as trustee. we assumed the rights and obligations under the cei senior notes and the indenture governing the cei senior notes on july 20, 2020. the cei secured notes will mature on july 1, 2027 with interest payable semi-annually in cash in arrears on january 1 and july 1 of each year, commencing january 1, 2021.
crc senior secured notes due 2025
on july 6, 2020, escrow issuer issued $1.0 billion in aggregate principal amount of 5.75% senior notes due 2025 pursuant to an indenture, dated july 6, 2020 (the "crc senior secured notes"), by and among the escrow issuer, u.s. bank national association, as trustee and credit suisse ag, cayman islands branch, as collateral agent. crc assumed the rights and obligations under the crc senior secured notes and the indenture governing the crc senior secured notes on july 20, 2020. the crc senior secured notes will mature on july 1, 2025 with interest payable semi-annually in cash in arrears on january 1 and july 1 of each year, commencing january 1, 2021.
cei revolving credit facility on july 20, 2020, we entered into a new credit agreement with jpmorgan chase bank, n.a., as administrative agent, u.s. bank national association, as collateral agent, and certain banks and other financial institutions and lenders party thereto, as well as an incremental amendment thereto, which provide for a five-year cei revolving credit facility for an aggregate principal amount of $1.2 billion. the cei revolving credit facility matures in 2025 and includes a letter of credit sub-facility of $250 million.
the interest rate per annum applicable under the cei revolving credit facility, at the company's option is either (a) libor adjusted for certain additional costs, subject to a floor of 0% or (b) a base rate determined by reference to the highest of (i) the federal funds rate plus 0.50%, (ii) the prime rate as determined by jpmorgan chase bank, n.a. and (iii) the one-month adjusted libor rate plus 1.00%, in each case plus an applicable margin. such applicable margin shall be 3.25% per annum in the case of any libor loan and 2.25% per annum in the case of any base rate loan, subject to three 0.25% step-downs based on the company's total leverage ratio.
additionally, we are required to pay a commitment fee in respect of any unused commitments under cei revolving credit facility in the amount of 0.50% of principal amount of the commitments of all lenders, subject to a step-down to 0.375% based upon the company's total leverage ratio. we are also required to pay customary agency fees as well as letter of credit participation fees computed at a rate per annum equal to the applicable margin for libor borrowings on the dollar equivalent of the daily stated amount of outstanding letters of credit, plus such letter of credit issuer's customary documentary and processing fees and charges and a fronting fee in an amount equal to 0.125% of the daily stated amount of such letter of credit.
we had $1.2 billion of available borrowing capacity, after consideration of $19 million in outstanding letters of credit under cei revolving credit facility, as of december 31, 2020. as of december 31, 2020, there were no borrowings outstanding under the cei revolving credit facility.
convention center mortgage loan on september 18, 2020, we entered into a loan agreement with vici to borrow a five-year, $400 million forum convention center mortgage loan (the "mortgage loan"). the mortgage loan bears interest at a rate of, initially, 7.7% per annum, which escalates annually to a maximum interest rate of 8.3% per annum.
lumière loan the company borrowed $246 million from glpi to fund the purchase price of the real estate underlying lumière, which was scheduled to mature on october 1, 2020. on june 24, 2020, the company received approval from missouri gaming commission to sell the real estate underlying lumière to glpi and leaseback the property under a long-term financing obligation. as of december 31, 2020, the lumière loan has been satisfied in full and the real estate has been refinanced under a financing obligation. see note 10.
assumed debt activity former caesars and its subsidiaries incurred the following indebtedness that remained outstanding following the consummation of the merger.
crc term loans and crc revolving credit facility in connection with the merger, we assumed the crc senior secured credit facility (the "crc senior secured credit facilities"), which included a $1.0 billion five-year revolving credit facility (the "crc revolving credit facility") and an initial $4.7 billion seven-year first lien term loan (the "crc term loan"), which was increased by $1.8 billion pursuant to an incremental agreement executed in connection with the merger (the "crc incremental term loan").
the crc revolving credit facility matures in 2022 and includes a letter of credit sub-facility. the crc term loan matures in 2024. the crc incremental term loan matures in 2025. each of the crc term loan and the crc incremental term loan require scheduled quarterly principal payments in amounts equal to 0.25% of the original aggregate principal amount, with the balance due at maturity. the credit agreement for the crc revolving credit facility also includes customary voluntary and mandatory prepayment provisions, subject to certain exceptions. as of december 31, 2020, approximately $65 million was committed to outstanding letters of credit. as of december 31, 2020, there were no borrowings outstanding under the crc revolving credit facility.
borrowings under the crc credit agreement bear interest at a rate equal to either (a) libor adjusted for certain additional costs, subject to a floor of 0% or (b) a base rate determined by reference to the highest of (i) the federal funds rate plus 0.50%,
(ii) the prime rate as determined by credit suisse ag, cayman islands branch, as administrative agent under the crc credit agreement and (iii) the one-month adjusted libor rate plus 1.00%, in each case plus an applicable margin. such applicable margin shall be (a) with respect to the crc term loan, 2.75% per annum in the case of any libor loan or 1.75% per annum in the case of any base rate loan, (b) with respect to the crc incremental term loan, 4.50% per annum in the case of any libor loan or 3.50% in the case of any base rate loan and (c) in the case of the crc revolving credit facility, 2.25% per annum in the case of any libor loan and 1.25% per annum in the case of any base rate loan, subject in the case of the crc revolving credit facility to two 0.125% step-downs based on crc's senior secured leverage ratio, the ratio of first lien senior secured net debt to adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization. the crc revolving credit facility is subject to a financial covenant discussed below.
in addition, crc is required to pay a commitment fee in respect of any commitments under the crc revolving credit facility in the amount of 0.50% of the principal amount of the commitments, subject to step-downs to 0.375% and 0.25% based upon crc's senior secured leverage ratio. crc is also required to pay customary agency fees as well as letter of credit participation fees computed at a rate per annum equal to the applicable margin for libor borrowings on the dollar equivalent of the daily stated amount of outstanding letters of credit, plus such letter of credit issuer's customary documentary and processing fees and charges and a fronting fee in an amount equal to 0.125% of the daily stated amount of such letter of credit.
crc notes on october 16, 2017, crc issued $1.7 billion aggregate principal amount of 5.25% senior notes due 2025 (the "crc notes").
former caesars 5% convertible notes on october 6, 2017, former caesars issued $1.1 billion aggregate principal amount of 5.00% convertible senior notes maturing in 2024 (the "5% convertible notes").
the 5% convertible notes are convertible into weighted average of the number of shares of company common stock and amount of cash actually received per share by holders of common stock of former caesars that made elections for consideration in the merger. as of december 31, 2020, we have paid approximately $903 million and issued approximately 10.8 million shares upon conversion of $770 million of the 5% convertible notes during 2020.
the company has determined that the 5% convertible notes contain derivative features that require bifurcation. the company separately accounts for the liability component and equity conversion option of the 5% convertible notes. the portion of the overall fair value allocated to the liability was calculated by using a market-based approach without the conversion features included. the difference between the overall instrument value and the value of the liability component was assumed to be the value of the equity conversion option component. the value of the liability is determined based on a discounted cash flow of the debt instrument. see note 8 for more information on the 5% convertible notes' fair value measurements.
net amortization of the debt issuance costs and the discount and/or premium associated with the company's indebtedness totaled $80 million, $8 million and $6 million for the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. amortization of debt issuance costs is computed using the effective interest method and is included in interest expense.
vici leases upon consummation of the merger, we assumed obligations of certain real property assets leased from vici by former caesars under the following agreements: (i) for a portfolio of properties at various locations throughout the united states (the "non-cplv lease"), (ii) for caesars palace las vegas (the "cplv lease"), (iii) for harrah's joliet hotel & casino (the "joliet lease") and (iv) for harrah's las vegas (the "hlv lease"). these lease agreements provided for annual fixed rent (subject to escalation) of $773 million during an initial period, then rent consisting of both base rent and variable rent elements. the lease agreements had a 15-year initial term and four five-year renewal options. the lease agreements included escalation provisions beginning in year two of the initial term and continuing through the renewal terms. the lease agreements also included provisions for variable rent payments calculated, in part, based on increases or decreases of net revenue of the underlying lease properties, commencing in year eight of the initial term and continuing through the renewal terms.
former caesars entered into a golf course use agreement with vici, which has a 35-year term (inclusive of all renewal periods), pursuant to which such affiliates of the company agreed to pay (i) an annual payment of $10 million, subject to escalation, (ii) an annual use fee of $3 million, subject to escalation beginning in the second year, and (iii) certain per-round fees, all as more particularly set forth in the golf course use agreement.
in connection with the closing of the merger on july 20, 2020, we consummated a series of transactions with vici and certain of its affiliates in accordance with the mta entered on june 24, 2019 and certain purchase and sales agreement entered on september 26, 2019. we consummated sale leaseback transactions related to harrah's new orleans, harrah's laughlin and harrah's resort atlantic city, including the harrah's atlantic city waterfront conference center, for approximately $1.8 billion of net proceeds. the cplv lease with vici was amended, among other things, (i) add harrah's las vegas ("hlv") to the leased premises thereunder (and in connection therewith hlv lease was terminated), (ii) add (subject to certain adjustments) the rent payable with respect to hlv under such terminated stand-alone lease to such lease and further increase the annual rent payable with respect to hlv by approximately $15 million, (iii) increase the annual rent with respect to cplv by approximately $84 million and (iv) extend the term of such lease so that following the amendment of such lease there will be 15 years remaining until the expiration of the initial term. in addition, harrah's new orleans, harrah's laughlin, and harrah's resort atlantic city, including the harrah's atlantic city waterfront conference center, were added to the non-cplv lease (as amended, the "regional lease") and such lease was further amended to increase the annual rent thereunder by $154 million in the aggregate related to such added properties and extend the term of such lease so that following the amendment of such lease there will be 15 years remaining until the expiration of the initial term. furthermore, the joliet lease, as well as the term of the golf course use agreement, were extended such that there will be 15 years remaining until the expiration of the initial term.
on december 24, 2020, the company entered into agreement to sell caesars southern indiana to the eastern band of cherokee indians ("ebci") for $250 million, subject to a customary working capital adjustment. caesar's annual payments to vici properties under the regional lease will decline by $33 million upon closing of the transaction.
our vici lease is accounted for as a financing obligation and totaled $11.0 billion as of december 31, 2020. furthermore, we obtained waivers from vici with relation to annual capital expenditure requirements for 2020. see note 10 to our consolidated condensed financial statements for additional information about our vici lease and related matters.
glpi leases our glpi master lease is accounted for as a financing obligation and totaled $1.2 billion as of december 31, 2020. additionally, our glpi master lease contains certain operating, capital expenditure and financial covenants thereunder, and our ability to maintain compliance with these covenants was also negatively impacted. on june 15, 2020, we entered into an amendment to the glpi master lease which, among other things, provides certain relief under these covenants in the event of facility closures due to pandemics, governmental restrictions and certain other instances of unavoidable delay. as of july 17, 2020, the amendment to the glpi master lease became effective as we obtained all necessary approvals and the applicable waiting period expired. see note 10 to our consolidated condensed financial statements for additional information about our glpi master lease and related matters.
other liquidity matters we are faced with certain contingencies involving litigation and environmental remediation and compliance. these commitments and contingencies are discussed in greater detail in "part i, item 3. legal proceedings" and note 11 to our consolidated financial statements, both of which are included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k. in addition, new competition may have a material adverse effect on our revenues and could have a similar adverse effect on our liquidity. see "part i, item 1a. risk factors-risks related to our business" which is included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k.
critical accounting policies and estimates we prepare our financial statements in conformity with gaap. in preparing our financial statements, we have made our best estimates and judgments of the amounts and disclosures included in the financial statements, giving regard to materiality. when more than one accounting principle, or method of its application, is generally accepted, we select the principle or method that we consider to be the most appropriate under specific circumstances. application of these accounting principles requires us to make estimates about the future resolution of existing uncertainties. certain of our accounting policies, including those in connection with business combinations, certain fair value measurements, income taxes, long-lived assets, goodwill and indefinite lived intangible assets, allowance for doubtful accounts related to certain gaming receivables, self-insurance reserves, and litigation, claims and assessments require that we apply significant judgment in defining the appropriate assumptions for calculating financial estimates.
we consider accounting estimates to be critical accounting policies when:
•the estimates involve matters that are highly uncertain at the time the accounting estimate is made; and
•different estimates or changes to estimates could have a material impact on the reported financial position, changes in financial position, or results of operations.
by their nature, these judgments and estimates are subject to an inherent degree of uncertainty. our judgments and estimates are based on our historical experience, terms of existing contracts, observance of trends in the industry, information gathered from customer behavior, and information available from other outside sources, as appropriate. due to the inherent uncertainty involving judgments and estimates, actual results may differ from those estimates.
our most critical accounting estimates and assumptions are in the following areas:
business combinations we applied the provisions of accounting standards codification ("asc") topic 805, "business combinations," in the accounting for our acquisitions of former caesars, tropicana, elgin and our previous acquisitions. it required us to recognize the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed at their acquisition date fair values, which were determined using market, income, and cost approaches, or a combination. goodwill as of the respective acquisition dates was measured as the excess of consideration transferred over the net of the acquisition date fair values of the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed. goodwill is generally the result of expected synergies of the combined company or an assembled workforce.
indefinite-lived intangible assets acquired primarily include trademarks, caesars rewards acquired in the merger, customer relationships and gaming rights. the fair value for these intangible assets was determined using either the relief from royalty method and excess earnings method under the income approach or a replacement cost market approach.
trademarks and caesars rewards were valued using the relief from royalty method, which presumes that without ownership of such trademarks or loyalty program, we would have to make a stream of payments to a brand or franchise owner in return for the right to use their name or program. by virtue of this asset, we avoid any such payments and record the related intangible value of the company's ownership of the brand name or program.
customer relationships were valued using the cost approach and the incremental cash flow method under the income approach. the incremental cash flow method compares the prospective cash flows with and without the customer relationships in place to estimate the fair value of the customer relationships, with the fair value assumed to be equal to the discounted cash flows of the business that would be lost if the customer relationships were not in place and needed to be replaced.
gaming rights include our gaming licenses in various jurisdictions and may have indefinite lives or an estimated useful life. the fair value of the gaming rights was determined using the excess earnings or replacement cost methodology, based on whether the license resides in gaming jurisdictions where competition is limited to a specified number of licensed gaming operators. the excess earnings methodology is an income approach methodology that estimates the projected cash flows of the business attributable to the gaming license intangible asset, which is net of charges for the use of other identifiable assets of the business including working capital, fixed assets and other intangible assets. the replacement cost of the gaming license was used as an indicator of fair value.
trade receivables and payables and other current and noncurrent assets and liabilities were valued at the existing carrying values as they represented the estimated fair value of those items at the acquisition date. assets and liabilities held for sale are recorded at fair value, less costs to sell, based on the agreements reached as of the acquisition date, or an income approach.
the fair value of the financing obligations were calculated as the net present value of both the fixed base rent payments and the forecasted variable payments plus the expected residual value of the land and building returned at the end of the expected usage period.
the fair value of land was determined using the sales comparable approach. the market data is then adjusted for any significant differences, to the extent known, between the identified comparable sites and the site being valued. the value of building and site improvements was estimated via the income approach. other personal property assets such as furniture, gaming and computer equipment, fixtures, computer software, and restaurant equipment were valued using the cost approach which is based on replacement or reproduction costs of the asset. the cost approach is an estimation of fair value developed by computing the current cost of replacing a property and subtracting any depreciation resulting from one or more of the following factors: physical deterioration, functional obsolescence, and/or economic obsolescence.
cash flow estimates are significant to many valuations described above and may include forecasts with assumptions regarding factors such as recent and budgeted operating performance, future growth rates, and the determination of appropriate discount rates to estimate fair value. these inputs involve significant assumptions including the future effects of covid-19 as well as the realization of synergies anticipated from a business combination, which may not be realized as projected. certain assumptions, such as the effects of covid-19, may be beyond our control.
fair value measurements the 5% convertible notes contain derivative features that require bifurcation. we estimate the fair value of the 5% convertible notes using a market-based approach that incorporates the value of both straight debt and conversion features of the notes. the valuation model incorporates actively traded prices of the 5% convertible notes as of the reporting date, the value of cei's equity into which these notes could convert, and assumptions regarding the incremental cost of borrowing for cei. the fair value of the 5% convertible notes derivative liability is subject to interest rate and market price risk due to the conversion features of the notes and other factors. generally, as the fair value of fixed interest rate debt increases (due to a decrease in interest rates) the derivative liability decreases and as the fair value of fixed interest rate debt decreases (due to an increase in interest rates) the derivative liability increases. the fair value of the 5% convertible notes derivative liability may also increase as the market price of our stock rises or due to increased volatility in our stock price which will result in a loss recognized in our statement of operations, and decrease as the market price of our stock falls or due to decreased volatility in our stock price which will result in income recognized in our statement of operations. on october 6, 2017, former caesars issued $1.1 billion aggregate principal amount of 5% convertible notes. as of december 31, 2020, the fair value of the derivative associated with the 5% convertible notes was $326 million when the price per share of our common stock was $74.27. during the year ended december 31, 2020, we recognized a loss of $111 million associated to the changes in fair value of the derivative as a result of fluctuations in the share price of our common stock.
we use interest rate swaps, which are derivative instruments classified as hedging transactions, to limit our exposure to interest rate risk. derivative instruments are recognized in the financial statements at fair value. the estimated fair values of our derivative instruments are based on market prices obtained from dealer quotes. such quotes represent the estimated amounts we would receive or pay to terminate the contracts. our derivative instruments contain a credit risk that the counterparties may be unable to meet the terms of the agreements. we minimize that risk by evaluating the creditworthiness of our counterparties, which are limited to major banks and financial institutions. the fair values of our derivative instruments are adjusted for the credit rating of the counterparty, if the derivative is an asset, or adjusted for the credit rating of the company, if the derivative is a liability.
see note 8 for more details regarding fair value measurements and item 7a for quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk.
income taxes we and our subsidiaries file income tax returns with federal, state and foreign jurisdictions. our income tax returns are subject to examination by the internal revenue service ("irs") and other tax authorities. positions taken in tax returns are sometimes subject to uncertainty in the tax laws and may not ultimately be accepted by the irs or other tax authorities. see note 17 in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for a discussion of the status and impact of examinations by tax authorities.
we record income taxes under the asset and liability method, whereby deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized based on the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases, and as attributable to operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. we reduce the carrying amounts of deferred tax assets by a valuation allowance if, based on the available evidence, it is more likely than not that such assets will not be realized. accordingly, the need to establish valuation allowances for deferred tax assets is assessed periodically based on the "more likely than not" realization threshold. this assessment considers, among other matters, the nature, frequency, and severity of current and cumulative losses, forecasts of future profitability, the duration of statutory carryforward periods, our experience with operating loss and tax credit carryforwards not expiring unused, and tax planning alternatives.
when there is a recent history of operating losses and negative normalized earnings and a return to operating profitability has not yet been demonstrated, we cannot rely on projections of future taxable earnings for purposes of assessing recoverability of our deferred tax assets. in such cases, we use systematic and logical methods to estimate when deferred tax liabilities will reverse and generate taxable income and when deferred tax assets will reverse and generate tax deductions. our most significant deferred tax asset relates to the failed sale-leaseback obligation with vici and glpi (see note 10). the reversal of this deferred tax asset requires judgment and estimates and has a material impact on the determination of the amount of valuation allowance required.
under the applicable accounting standards, we may recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more-likely-than-not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities based on the technical merits of the position. the tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position should be measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. the accounting standards also provide guidance on de-recognition, classification, interest and penalties on income taxes, accounting in interim periods and disclosure requirements for uncertain tax positions.
long-lived assets we have significant capital invested in our long-lived assets, and judgments are made in determining the estimated useful lives of assets, salvage values to be assigned to assets, and if or when an asset has been impaired. the accuracy of these estimates affects the amount of depreciation and amortization expense recognized in our financial results and whether we have a gain or loss on the disposal of an asset. we assign lives to our assets based on our standard policy, which is established by management as representative of the useful life of each category of asset. we review the carrying value of our long-lived assets whenever events and circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable from the estimated future cash flows expected to result from its use and eventual disposition. the factors considered by management in performing this assessment include current operating results, trends and prospects, planned construction and renovation projects, as well as the effect of obsolescence, demand, competition, and other economic, legal, and regulatory factors. in estimating expected future cash flows for determining whether an asset is impaired, assets are grouped at the lowest level of identifiable cash flows, which, for most of our assets, is the individual property. see note 6 for additional information.
goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets assessing goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment is a process that requires significant judgment and involves detailed qualitative and quantitative business-specific analysis and many individual assumptions which fluctuate between assessments.
we determine the estimated fair value of each reporting unit based on a combination of ebitda, valuation multiples, and estimated future cash flows discounted at rates commensurate with the capital structure and cost of capital of comparable market participants, giving appropriate consideration to the prevailing borrowing rates within the casino industry in general. we also evaluate the aggregate fair value of all of our reporting units and other non-operating assets in comparison to our aggregate debt and equity market capitalization at the test date. ebitda multiples and discounted cash flows are common measures used to value businesses in our industry.
we determine the fair value of our indefinite-lived intangible assets using either the relief from royalty method or the excess earnings method under the income approach or replacement cost market approach. the determination of fair value of our reporting units and indefinite-lived intangible assets requires management to make significant assumptions and estimates around the forecasts as well as the selection of discount rates and valuation multiples. changes in these estimates could have a significant impact on the fair value of our reporting units and intangible assets and the amount of goodwill or indefinite-lived intangible asset impairments, if any.
forecasts and the determination of appropriate discount rates and valuation multiples used to determine the fair value of our reporting units and indefinite-lived intangible assets involves significant assumptions and estimates. assumptions include those used assess future effects of covid-19 as well as the realization of synergies anticipated from the merger which may not be realized at the projected rate.
as a result of declines in recent performance and the expected impact on future cash flows as a result of covid-19, we recognized impairment charges in our regional segment related to goodwill and trade names totaling $100 million and $16 million, respectively, during the year ended december 31, 2020.
as a result of the agreement to sell baton rouge, an impairment charge totaling $50 million was recorded during the year ended december 31, 2020 due to the carrying value exceeding the estimated net sales proceeds. the impairment charges resulted in a reduction to the carrying amounts of the right-of-use assets, property and equipment, goodwill and other intangibles totaling $1 million, $47 million and $2 million, respectively, recorded in the regional segment.
as a result of the agreement to sell montbleu, an impairment charge totaling $45 million was recorded during the year ended december 31, 2020 due to the carrying value exceeding the estimated net sales proceeds. the impairment charges resulted in a reduction to the carrying amounts of the right-of-use assets, property and equipment, goodwill and other intangibles totaling $18 million, $23 million and $4 million, respectively, recorded in the regional segment.
we acquired former caesars on july, 20, 2020 and allocated the total purchase consideration transferred to the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their respective fair values, including goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, and therefore, the fair value of the former caesars reporting units and indefinite-lived intangible assets do not significantly exceed their respective carrying values. as of october 1, 2020, two other reporting units in the regional segment with goodwill totaling $208 million had fair values that did not significantly exceed their respective carrying values. to the extent gaming volumes deteriorate in the near future, discount rates increase significantly, or we do not meet our projected performance, we may recognize further impairments, and such impairments could be material. see note 7 for additional information.
allowance for doubtful accounts - gaming we reserve an estimated amount for gaming receivables that may not be collected to reduce the company's receivables to their net carrying amount. methodologies for estimating the allowance for doubtful accounts range from specific reserves to various percentages applied to aged receivables. historical collection rates are considered, as are customer relationships, in determining specific reserves. as with many estimates, management must make judgments about potential actions by third parties in establishing and evaluating our reserves for allowance for doubtful accounts. as of december 31, 2020, a 5% increase or decrease to the allowance determined based on a percentage of aged receivables would change the reserve by approximately $14 million.
self-insurance reserves we are self-insured for various levels of general liability, employee medical insurance coverage and workers' compensation coverage. insurance claims and reserves include accruals of estimated settlements for known claims, as well as accruals of estimates for claims incurred but not yet reported. we utilize independent consultants to assist management in its determination of estimated insurance liabilities. while the total cost of claims incurred depends on future developments, in managements' opinion, recorded reserves are adequate to cover future claims payments. self-insurance reserves for employee medical claims and workers' compensations are included in accrued payroll and related on the consolidated balance sheets. self-insurance reserves for general liability claims are included in accrued other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets.
due to the novel nature of the disruption resulting from the covid-19 public health emergency, actuarial data is limited for determining its effect. the assumptions utilized by our actuaries are subject to significant uncertainty and if outcomes differ from these assumptions or events develop or progress in a negative manner, the company could experience a material adverse effect and additional liabilities may be recorded in the future. alternatively, as a result of the current work stoppages, a reduction of claims in future periods could be beneficial to our financial condition and results of operations.
litigation, claims and assessments we utilize estimates for litigation, claims and assessments. these estimates are based on our knowledge and experience regarding current and past events, as well as assumptions about future events. if our assessment of such a matter should change, we may have to change the estimates, which may have an adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. actual results could differ from these estimates.
recently issued accounting pronouncements for information with respect to recent accounting pronouncements and the impact of these pronouncements on our consolidated financial statements, see note 2, summary of significant accounting policies - recently issued accounting pronouncements, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
