item 1a. risk factors investment in our company involves risks. you should carefully consider the risks described below and the other information in this report and other filings that we make from time to time with the sec, including our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. any of the following risks could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. these risks are not the only risks we face. our business, financial condition, results of operations or liquidity could also be adversely affected by additional factors that apply to all companies generally or by risks not currently known to us or that we currently view to be immaterial. we can provide no assurance and make no representation that our risk mitigation efforts, although we believe they are reasonable, will be successful.
business, strategic and competitive risks the covid-19 pandemic has continued to impact our business, financial performance and financial condition and could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial performance and financial condition in the future.
the covid-19 pandemic has resulted in widespread and continuing adverse impacts on, and volatility in, the global economy and has continued to impact our business, employees, customers, suppliers, and other business partners. considerable uncertainty exists regarding the extent to which the covid-19 pandemic will continue, as well as the scope, duration and effectiveness of measures directed at containment and mitigation of the virus, including travel bans and restrictions, quarantines, shelter-in-place orders, school closures, vaccination rollouts, and business and government restrictions and shutdowns. these measures taken by national, state and local government authorities to date have resulted in high levels of unemployment, are expected to have serious adverse impacts on domestic and foreign economies, and could have a significant adverse impact on our core customer and her spending, for an unknown length of time. the potential effect of economic stabilization efforts, including additional government stimulus payments, food/nutrition assistance and enhanced unemployment benefits, is uncertain. if customer spending on the goods we sell declines as a result of some or all of these factors, there could be a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations.
we have been classified as an essential business in all locations where we operate, and as such, our stores generally have remained open to serve our customers. while none of the below has resulted in a material adverse impact on our business, financial performance or financial condition to date, we have experienced or are experiencing certain effects of the covid-19 pandemic, including but not limited to, the following:
●   supply chain disruptions, including shipping and procurement delays of certain goods from international and domestic shipping origins, delivery delays to our stores as a result of covid-19-related absenteeism in one of our distribution centers, which necessitated servicing those stores from other distribution centers for a limited period of time, and vendor restrictions on their sale to us of a significant percentage of certain of our core products;

●   reduced or no availability of certain products in our stores as a result of supply chain disruptions outlined above and extremely high customer demand for certain products which has outpaced available supply;

●   temporary store and distribution center closings in order to allow for deep cleanings as needed, as well as reduced store operating hours until early in the second quarter to allow for additional time to clean the stores and re-stock shelves;

●   increased distribution and transportation costs as a result of the effects outlined above, increased carrier rates and greater driver shortages, increased overtime pay expenses due to reduced labor availability, and demand for transportation services outpacing carrier supply;

●   increased incremental expenses for certain items, including supplies for enhanced cleaning protocols, personal protective equipment for employees in stores, distribution centers and corporate headquarters (e.g., gloves, masks, hand sanitizer), and installation of plexiglass barriers at store registers;

●   in addition to the additional distribution overtime discussed above, increased labor expenses as a result of awarding approximately $167 million in employee appreciation bonuses, significantly increasing

10
our hiring of new store employees, and the increased workload associated with the incremental sales volume;

●   covid-19 and remote-work oriented phishing and similar cybersecurity attack attempts; and

●   inability to perform physical inventories in our stores from mid-march through mid-may, which prevented us from completing all of our planned store physical inventories for fiscal 2020, the effect of which was immaterial for fiscal 2020.

depending on the duration and severity of the covid-19 pandemic, including whether there are additional "waves", other additional periods of increases or spikes in the number of covid-19 cases or mutations thereof and the availability, acceptance and efficacy of medical treatments and vaccines, which are uncertain and cannot be predicted, as well as governmental authorities' responses and requirements related to the pandemic, including the pace and extent of the easing or removal of restrictions on businesses and customers when the pandemic does subside or the reinstitution of more stringent regulations before the pandemic subsides, these experienced effects could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial performance and financial condition in the future if they increase in number, duration, and/or magnitude. we also could experience other effects that could aggravate or increase the likelihood of the risk factors set forth herein and/or result in a material adverse impact on our business, financial performance or financial condition, including but not limited to, the financial difficulties experienced by our suppliers or business partners, including the financial failure of one or more of our international steamship line vendors resulting in our inability to obtain our purchased goods in their possession; increased operating costs as a result of increased government regulations and mandates requiring us to provide wage increases or premiums to frontline employees (e.g., those imposed in certain counties in california and elsewhere), personal protective equipment or personal hygiene supplies to customers or to increase store and distribution center cleaning protocols, as well as increased store and/or distribution center closures as a result of increased government enforcement of any such new regulations and mandates; increased litigation expenses resulting from employee or customer lawsuits, including those related to the company's covid-19 response and alleged employee or customer contraction; increased insurance costs, medical claims costs and workers' compensation claim costs and the impact of regulatory and judicial changes in liability for workers' compensation; and damage to our reputation if our response to the covid-19 pandemic is perceived as inadequate or inappropriate. additionally, the covid-19 pandemic may cause or accelerate a shift in our core customer's behaviors, expectations and shopping trends, which could result in lost sales and market share if we are not able to successfully increase the pace of our strategic initiatives development, particularly our digital strategic initiatives, and if our current digital shopping offerings do not continue to compete effectively.
the extent to which the covid-19 pandemic ultimately impacts our business, financial performance and financial condition will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including, but not limited to, the duration and spread of the outbreak (and any variants thereof), its severity, the actions to contain and mitigate the virus or treat its impact, and how quickly and to what extent normal economic and operating conditions can resume. as a result, we may not be able to identify all risks ultimately faced from the covid-19 pandemic and its aftermath.
economic factors may reduce our customers' spending, impair our ability to execute our strategies and initiatives, and increase our costs and expenses, which could result in materially decreased sales or profitability.
many of our customers have fixed or low incomes and limited discretionary spending dollars. any factor that could adversely affect their disposable income could decrease our customers' spending or cause them to shift their spending to our lower margin product choices, which could result in materially decreased sales and/or profitability. factors that could reduce our customers' disposable income include but are not limited to high unemployment or underemployment levels or decline in real wages; inflation; pandemics (such as the covid-19 pandemic); higher fuel, energy, healthcare and housing costs, interest rates, consumer debt levels, and tax rates; tax law changes that negatively affect credits and refunds; lack of available credit; and decreases in, or elimination of, government subsidies such as unemployment and food/nutrition assistance programs.
many of the economic factors listed above, as well as commodity rates; transportation, lease and insurance costs; wage rates (including the heightened possibility of increased federal, state and/or local minimum wage rates); foreign exchange rate fluctuations; measures that create barriers to or increase the costs of international trade
11
(including increased import duties or tariffs); changes in applicable laws and regulations (including tax laws related to the corporate tax rate); and other economic factors, also could impair our ability to successfully execute our strategies and initiatives, as well as increase our cost of goods sold and selling, general and administrative expenses (including real estate costs), and may have other adverse consequences that we are unable to fully anticipate or control, all of which may materially decrease our sales or profitability.
our plans depend significantly on strategies and initiatives designed to increase sales and profitability and improve the efficiencies, costs and effectiveness of our operations, and failure to achieve or sustain these plans could materially affect our results of operations.
we have short-term and long-term strategies and initiatives (such as those relating to merchandising, real estate and new store development, store formats and concepts, digital, shrink, sourcing, private brand, inventory management, supply chain, store operations, expense reduction, and technology) in various stages of testing, evaluation, and implementation, which are designed to continue to improve our results of operations and financial condition. the effectiveness of these initiatives is inherently uncertain, even when tested successfully, and is dependent on consistency of training and execution, workforce stability, ease of execution and scalability, and the absence of offsetting factors that can influence results adversely. the number and diverse geographic locations of our stores and distribution centers and our decentralized field management also contribute to the challenging nature of these factors. other risk factors described herein also could negatively affect general implementation. failure to achieve successful or cost-effective implementation of our initiatives could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
the success of our merchandising initiatives, particularly our non-consumable initiatives and efforts to increase sales of higher margin products within the consumables category, further depends in part upon our ability to predict the products that our customers will demand and to identify and timely respond to evolving trends in consumer preferences and demographic mixes in our markets. if we are unable to select and timely obtain products that are attractive to customers and at costs that allow us to sell them at an acceptable profit, or to effectively market such products, it could result in materially decreased sales and profitability.
the success of our cold chain self-distribution initiative, dg fresh, further depends in part on our ability to effectively transition these distribution operations from our current service providers without business disruption, as well as on the availability of certain supply chain resources, including temperature-controlled distribution centers, refrigerated transportation equipment, and drivers. the success of our fast track initiative, which is designed to enhance our in-store labor productivity, on-shelf availability and customer convenience, further depends in part on successful implementation and maintenance of the necessary technology, customer interest and adoption of self-checkout, our ability to gain cost efficiencies and control shrink levels from the initiative, and vendor cooperation.
we face intense competition that could limit our growth opportunities and materially and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
the retail business is highly competitive with respect to price, customers, store location, merchandise quality, product assortment and presentation, service offerings, in-stock consistency, customer service, ease of shopping experience, promotional activity, employees, and market share. we compete with discount stores and many other retailers, including mass merchandise, warehouse club, grocery, drug, convenience, variety, online retailers, and certain specialty stores. to maintain our competitive position, we may be required to lower prices, either temporarily or permanently, and may have limited ability to increase prices in response to increased costs, resulting in lower margins and reduced profitability. certain of our competitors have greater financial, distribution, marketing and other resources, and may be able to secure better arrangements with suppliers, than we.
competition is intense, and is expected to continue to be so, with certain competitors reducing their store locations while others enter or increase their presence in our geographic and product markets (including through the expansion of availability of delivery services) and expand availability of mobile, web-based and other digital technologies to facilitate a more convenient and competitive online and in-store shopping experience. if our competitors or others were to enter our industry in a significant way, including through alliances or other business combinations, it could significantly alter the competitive dynamics of the retail marketplace and result in
12
competitors with greatly improved competitive positions, which could materially affect our financial performance. our ability to effectively compete will depend substantially upon our continued ability to develop and execute compelling and cost-effective strategies and initiatives. if we fail to anticipate or respond effectively to competitive pressures and industry changes, it could materially affect our results of operations and financial condition.
operational risks if we cannot timely and cost-effectively execute our real estate projects and meet our financial expectations, or if we do not anticipate or successfully address the challenges imposed by our expansion, including into new states or urban areas, it could materially impede our planned future growth and our profitability.
delays in or failure to complete a significant portion of our real estate projects, or failure to meet our financial expectations for these projects, could materially and adversely affect our growth and our profitability. our ability to timely open, relocate and remodel profitable stores and expand into additional market areas is a key component of our planned future growth and may depend in part on: the availability of suitable store locations and capital funding; the absence of entitlement process or occupancy delays, including zoning restrictions and moratoria on small box discount retail development such as those passed by certain local governments in areas where we operate or seek to operate, which, to date, have not materially impaired our ability to complete our planned real estate projects or growth; the ability to negotiate acceptable lease and development terms (for example, real estate development requirements and cost of building materials and labor), to cost-effectively hire and train qualified new personnel, especially store managers, and to identify and accurately assess sufficient customer demand; and general economic conditions.
we also may not anticipate or successfully address all of the challenges imposed by the expansion of our operations, including into new states or urban areas where we have limited or no meaningful experience or brand recognition. those areas may have different competitive and market conditions, consumer tastes and discretionary spending patterns than our existing markets, as well as higher cost of entry and operating costs. these factors may cause our new stores to be less profitable than stores in our existing markets, which could slow future growth in these areas. in addition, many new stores will be located in areas where we have existing stores, which inadvertently may temporarily or permanently divert a larger than anticipated number of customers and sales from our existing stores, thereby adversely affecting our overall financial performance.
inventory shrinkage may negatively affect our results of operations and financial condition.
we experience significant inventory shrinkage. although some level of inventory shrinkage is an unavoidable cost of doing business, higher rates of inventory shrinkage or increased security or other costs to combat inventory theft could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. there can be no assurance that we will be successful in our efforts to contain or reduce inventory shrinkage.
our cash flows from operations, profitability and financial condition may be negatively affected if we are not successful in managing our inventory balances.
our inventory balance represented approximately 48% of our total assets exclusive of goodwill, operating lease assets, and other intangible assets as of january 29, 2021. efficient inventory management is a key component of our business success and profitability. we must maintain sufficient inventory levels and an appropriate product mix to meet our customers' demands without allowing those levels to increase such that the costs to store and hold the goods unduly impacts our financial results or increases the risk of inventory shrinkage. if we do not accurately predict customer trends, spending levels, or price sensitivity, we may have to take unanticipated markdowns to dispose of the excess inventory, which also can adversely affect our financial results. we continue to focus on ways to reduce these risks, but we cannot make assurances that we will be successful in our inventory management. if we are not successful in managing our inventory balances, our cash flows from operations and financial condition may be negatively affected.
13
failure to maintain the security of our business, customer, employee or vendor information or to comply with privacy laws could expose us to litigation, government enforcement actions and costly response measures, and could materially harm our reputation and affect our business and financial performance.
in connection with sales, we transmit confidential credit and debit card information which is encrypted using point-to-point encryption. we also have access to, collect or maintain certain private or confidential information regarding our customers, employees and their dependents, and vendors, as well as our business. some of this information is stored electronically in connection with our e-commerce and mobile applications, some of which may leverage third-party service providers. additionally, we may share information with select vendors that assist us in conducting our business. while we have implemented procedures and technology intended to protect such information and require appropriate controls of our vendors, external attackers could compromise such controls and result in unauthorized disclosure of such information, as attacks are becoming increasingly sophisticated, may include attacks on our third-party business partners, and do not always or immediately produce detectable indicators of compromise. moreover, inadvertent or malicious internal personnel actions could result in a defeat of security measures and a compromise of our or our third-party vendors' information systems. like other retailers, we and our vendors have experienced threats to, and infrequent immaterial incidents involving, data and systems, including by perpetrators of attempted random or targeted malicious attacks; computer malware, ransomware, bots, or other destructive or disruptive software; and attempts to misappropriate our information and cause system failures and disruptions. if attackers obtain customer, employee or vendor passwords through unrelated third-party breaches, and if impacted customers, employees, or vendors do not employ good online security practices (e.g., use the same password across different sites), these passwords could be used to gain access to their information or accounts with us in certain situations.
because we accept debit and credit cards for payment, we are subject to industry data protection standards and protocols, such as the payment card industry data security standards, issued by the payment card industry security standards council. nonetheless, we may be vulnerable to, and unable to detect and appropriately respond to, cardholder data security breaches and data loss, including successful attacks on applications, systems, or networks.
a significant security breach of any kind experienced by us or one of our vendors, which could be undetected for a period of time, or a significant failure by us or one of our vendors to comply with applicable privacy and information security laws, regulations and standards could expose us to risks of data loss, litigation, government enforcement actions, fines or penalties, credit card brand assessments, negative publicity and reputational harm, business disruption and costly response measures (e.g., providing notification to, and credit monitoring services for, affected individuals, as well as further upgrades to our security measures) which may not be covered by or may exceed the coverage limits of our insurance policies, and could materially disrupt our operations. any resulting negative publicity could significantly harm our reputation which could cause us to lose market share as a result of customers discontinuing the use of our e-commerce and mobile applications or debit or credit cards in our stores or not shopping in our stores altogether and could materially and adversely affect our business and financial performance.
material damage or interruptions to our information systems as a result of external factors, staffing shortages or challenges in maintaining or updating our existing technology or developing or implementing new technology could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations.
we depend on a variety of information technology systems, including systems owned and managed by third-party vendors, for the efficient functioning of our business, including, without limitation, transaction processing and the management of our employees, facilities, logistics, inventories, stores and customer-facing digital applications and operations. our technology initiatives may not deliver desired results or may do so on a delayed schedule. additionally, such systems are subject to damage or interruption from power surges and outages, facility damage, physical theft, computer and telecommunications failures, inadequate or ineffective redundancy, malicious code (including malware, ransomware, or similar), successful attacks (e.g., account compromise; phishing; denial of service; and application, network or system vulnerability exploitation), software upgrade failures or code defects, natural disasters and human error. design defects, damage to, or interruption to these systems may require a
14
significant investment to repair or replace, disrupt our operations, result in the loss or corruption of critical data, and harm our reputation, all of which could materially and adversely affect our business or results of operations.
we also rely heavily on our information technology staff. failure to meet these staffing needs may negatively affect our ability to fulfill our technology initiatives while continuing to provide maintenance on existing systems. we rely on third parties to maintain and periodically upgrade many of these systems so that they can continue to support our business. we license the software programs supporting many of our systems from independent software developers. the inability of these vendors, developers or us to continue to maintain and upgrade these systems and software programs could disrupt or reduce the efficiency of our operations or retain vulnerability exploitation risk if we were unable to convert to alternate systems in an efficient and timely manner and could expose us to greater risk of a successful attack. in addition, costs and delays associated with the implementation of new or upgraded systems and technology, including the migration of applications to the cloud or our current implementation of our new point of sale system, with maintenance or adequate support of existing systems also could disrupt or reduce the efficiency of our operations, fail to operate as designed, result in the potential loss or corruption of data or information, disrupt operations and affect our ability to meet business and reporting requirements and adversely affect our profitability.
a significant disruption to our distribution network, the capacity of our distribution centers or the timely receipt of inventory could adversely affect sales or increase our transportation costs, which would decrease our profitability.
we rely on our distribution and transportation network to provide goods to our stores timely and cost-effectively. using various transportation modes, including ocean, rail, and truck, we and our vendors move goods from vendor locations to our distribution centers and our stores. any disruption, unanticipated or unusual expense or operational failure related to this process (e.g., delivery delays, including as a result of pandemic outbreaks, or increases in transportation costs (such as those we have experienced in fiscal 2020 and continue to experience), including increased fuel costs, import freight costs, carrier or driver wages as a result of driver shortages; a decrease in transportation capacity for overseas shipments or port closures; labor shortages; or work stoppages or slowdowns) could negatively impact sales and profits. labor shortages or work stoppages in the transportation industry or disruptions to the national and international transportation infrastructure that necessitate our securing alternative labor or shipping suppliers could also increase our costs or otherwise negatively affect our business. the covid-19 pandemic disrupted the global and domestic transportation and distribution of goods and resulted in product delivery delays and higher delivery prices. the supply chain disruptions that we have experienced to date as a result of the covid-19 pandemic did not have a material negative impact on our financial results in fiscal 2020. however, depending on the continued extent and duration of the covid-19 pandemic, our distribution network, results of operations (including sales) or future business may be materially and adversely impacted.
we maintain a network of distribution facilities and are moving forward with plans to build or lease new facilities to support our growth objectives and strategic initiatives. delays in opening such facilities could adversely affect our financial performance by slowing store growth or the rollout of certain strategic initiatives such as our dg fresh initiative, which may in turn reduce revenue growth, or by increasing transportation and product costs. in addition, distribution-related construction or expansion projects entail risks that could cause delays and cost overruns, such as: shortages of materials or skilled labor; work stoppages; unforeseen construction, scheduling, engineering, environmental or geological problems; weather interference; fires or other casualty losses; and unanticipated cost increases. for these reasons, the completion date and ultimate cost of these projects could differ significantly from initial expectations, and we cannot guarantee that any project will be completed on time or within established budgets.
risks associated with or faced by our suppliers could adversely affect our financial performance.
we source our merchandise from a wide variety of domestic and international suppliers, and we depend on them to supply merchandise in a timely and efficient manner. in 2020, our largest supplier accounted for approximately 9% of our purchases, and our second and third largest suppliers each accounted for approximately 8% of our purchases. if one or more of our current sources of supply became unavailable, we believe we generally
15
would be able to obtain alternative sources, but it could increase our merchandise costs and supply chain lead time, result in a temporary reduction in store inventory levels, and reduce the selection and quality of our merchandise. an inability to obtain alternative sources could materially decrease our sales. additionally, if a supplier fails to deliver on its commitments, we could experience merchandise out-of-stocks that could lead to lost sales and reputational harm. further, failure of suppliers to meet our compliance protocols could prolong our procurement lead time, resulting in lost sales and adverse margin impact.
we directly imported approximately 5% of our purchases (measured at cost) in 2020, but many of our domestic vendors directly import their products or components of their products. changes to the prices and flow of these goods often are for reasons beyond our control, such as political or civil unrest, acts of war, currency fluctuations, disruptions in maritime lanes, port labor disputes, economic conditions and instability in countries in which foreign suppliers are located, the financial instability of suppliers, failure to meet our terms and conditions or our standards, issues with our suppliers' labor practices or labor problems they may experience (such as strikes, stoppages or slowdowns, which could also increase labor costs during and following the disruption), the availability and cost of raw materials, pandemic outbreaks, merchandise quality or safety issues, transport availability and cost, increases in wage rates and taxes, transport security, inflation, and other factors relating to suppliers and the countries in which they are located or from which they import. such changes could adversely affect our operations and profitability.
while we are working to diversify our sources of imported goods, a substantial amount of our imported merchandise comes from china, and thus, a change in the chinese leadership, the effects of pandemic outbreaks including covid-19, economic and market conditions, internal economic stimulus actions, or currency or other policies, as well as trade relations between china and the united states and increases in costs of labor, could negatively impact our merchandise costs. we experienced delays in the receipt of certain goods from international and domestic shipping origins as a result of the covid-19 pandemic in fiscal 2020, but these pandemic-related supply chain disruptions did not have a material negative impact on our financial results in fiscal 2020. depending on the continued extent and duration of the covid-19 pandemic, our supply chain, results of operations (including sales) or future business may be materially and adversely impacted. in addition, the united states' foreign trade policies, duties, tariffs and other impositions on imported goods, trade sanctions imposed on certain countries (particularly china), import limitations on certain types of goods or of goods containing certain materials from other countries and other factors relating to foreign trade and port labor agreements are beyond our control. these and other factors affecting our suppliers and our access to products could adversely affect our business and financial performance. if we increase our product imports from foreign vendors, the risks associated with these imports also will increase, and we may be exposed to additional or different risks as we increase imports of goods produced in countries other than china.
natural disasters and unusual weather conditions (whether or not caused by climate change), pandemic outbreaks or other health crises, political or civil unrest, acts of violence or terrorism, and disruptive global political events could disrupt business and result in lower sales and otherwise adversely affect our financial performance.
the occurrence of one or more natural disasters, such as hurricanes, fires, floods, tornadoes and earthquakes, unusual weather conditions, pandemic outbreaks or other health crises (including but not limited to the covid-19 pandemic), political or civil unrest, acts of violence or terrorism (including within our stores, distribution centers or other company property), or disruptive global political events or similar disruptions could adversely affect our reputation, business and financial performance. if any of these events result in the closure, or a limitation on operating hours, of one or more of our distribution centers, a significant number of stores, our sourcing offices, our corporate headquarters or data center or impact one or more of our key suppliers, our operations and financial performance could be materially and adversely affected through an inability or reduced ability to make deliveries, process payroll or provide other support functions to our stores and through lost sales. these events also could affect consumer shopping patterns or prevent customers from reaching our stores, which could lead to lost sales and higher markdowns (e.g., during our first accounting period of fiscal 2021, we lost approximately 8,400 store operating days as a result of closures due to winter weather across the united states), or result in increases in fuel or other energy prices, fuel shortage(s), new store or distribution center opening delays, the temporary lack of an adequate work force in a market, the temporary or long-term disruption of product availability in our stores, the temporary or long-
16
term inability to obtain or access technology needed to effectively run our business, disruption of our utility services or information systems, and damage to our reputation. these events may also increase the costs of insurance if they result in significant loss of property or other insurable damage by us or in the market more generally.
product liability, product recall or other product safety or labeling claims could adversely affect our business, reputation and financial performance.
we are dependent on our vendors to ensure that the products we buy from them comply with applicable product safety and labeling laws and regulations and to inform us of all applicable restrictions on the sale of such products. nonetheless, product liability, personal injury or other claims may be asserted against us relating to product contamination, tampering, expiration, mislabeling, recall and other safety or labeling issues, including those relating to products that we may self-distribute through our dg fresh initiative.
we seek but may not be successful in obtaining contractual indemnification and insurance coverage for product-related claims and issues from our vendors. if we do not have adequate contractual indemnification or insurance available, or our vendors fails to adhere to their obligations to us, such claims could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. our ability to obtain indemnification from foreign vendors may be hindered by our ability to obtain jurisdiction over them to enforce contractual obligations. even with adequate insurance and indemnification, such claims could significantly harm our reputation and consumer confidence in our products and we could incur significant litigation expenses, which also could materially affect our results of operations even if a product liability claim is unsuccessful or not fully pursued.
our current insurance program may expose us to unexpected costs and negatively affect our financial performance.
our insurance coverage reflects deductibles, self-insured retentions, limits of liability and similar provisions that we believe are prudent based on our operations. however, there are types of losses we may incur but against which we cannot be insured or which we believe are not economically reasonable to insure, such as losses due to acts of war, certain crimes (including employee crime), certain wage and hour and other employment-related claims and litigation, actions based on certain consumer protection laws, and some natural and other disasters or similar events. if we incur material uninsured losses, our financial performance could suffer. certain material events have resulted, and may result again in the future, in sizable losses for the insurance industry and adversely affect the availability of adequate insurance coverage or result in excessive premium increases. to offset negative insurance market trends, we may elect to self-insure, accept higher deductibles or reduce the amount of coverage. in addition, we self-insure a significant portion of expected losses under our workers' compensation, automobile liability, general liability (including claims made against certain of our landlords), property loss, and group health insurance programs. significant changes in actuarial assumptions and management estimates underlying our recorded liabilities for these losses, including any expected increases in medical and indemnity costs, could result in materially different expenses than expected under these programs, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. although we maintain property insurance for catastrophic events at our store support center and distribution centers, we are effectively self-insured for other property losses. if we experience a greater number of these losses than we anticipate, our financial performance could be adversely affected.
failure to attract, develop and retain qualified employees while controlling labor costs, as well as other labor issues, could adversely affect our financial performance.
our future growth and performance, positive customer experience and legal and regulatory compliance depends on our ability to attract, develop, retain and motivate qualified employees while operating in an industry challenged by historically high rates of employee turnover. our ability to meet our labor needs, while controlling our labor costs, is subject to many external factors, including competition for and availability of qualified personnel, unemployment levels, wage rates (including the heightened possibility of increased federal, state and/or local minimum wage rates), health and other insurance costs, changes in employment and labor laws or other workplace regulations (including those relating to employee benefit programs such as health insurance and paid leave programs), employee activism, and our reputation and relevance within the labor market. if we are unable to attract,
17
develop and retain adequate numbers of qualified employees, our operations, customer service levels, legal and regulatory compliance, and support functions could suffer. in addition, to the extent a significant portion of our employee base unionizes, or attempts to unionize, our labor and other related costs could increase. our ability to pass along labor and other related costs to our customers is constrained by our everyday low price model, and we may not be able to offset such increased costs elsewhere in our business.
our success depends on our executive officers and other key personnel. if we lose key personnel or are unable to hire additional qualified personnel, our business may be harmed.
our future success depends to a significant degree on the skills, experience and efforts of our executive officers and other key personnel. the unexpected loss of the services of any of such persons could adversely affect our operations. there can be no assurance that our executive succession planning, retention or hiring efforts will be successful. competition for skilled and experienced management personnel is intense, and a failure to attract and retain new qualified personnel could adversely affect our operations.
our private brands may not be successful in improving our gross profit rate and may increase certain of the risks we face.
the sale of private brand items is an important component of our sales growth and gross profit rate enhancement plans. broad market acceptance of our private brands depends on many factors, including pricing, quality, customer perception, and timely development and introduction of new products. we cannot give assurance that we will achieve or maintain our expected level of private brand sales. the sale and expansion of these offerings also subjects us to or increases certain risks, such as: product liability claims and product recalls; disruptions in raw material and finished product supply and distribution chains; inability to successfully protect our proprietary rights; claims related to the proprietary rights of third parties; supplier labor and human rights issues, and other risks generally encountered by entities that source, sell and market exclusive branded offerings for retail. failure to appropriately address these risks could materially and adversely affect our private brand initiatives, reputation, results of operations and financial condition.
because our business is somewhat seasonal, adverse events during the fourth quarter could materially affect our financial statements as a whole.
primarily because of sales of christmas-related merchandise, our most profitable sales mix generally occurs in the fourth quarter. in anticipation of this holiday, we purchase substantial amounts of seasonal inventory, and if sales fall below seasonal norms or our expectations it could result in unanticipated markdowns. adverse events, such as deteriorating economic conditions, high unemployment rates, high gas prices, transportation disruptions, or unusual or unanticipated adverse weather could result in lower-than-planned sales during the christmas selling season, which in turn could reduce our profitability and otherwise adversely affect our financial performance and operating results.
regulatory, legal, compliance and accounting risks a significant change in governmental regulations and requirements could materially increase our cost of doing business, and noncompliance with governmental regulations could materially and adversely affect our financial performance.
we routinely incur significant costs in complying with numerous and frequently changing laws and regulations. the complexity of this regulatory environment and related compliance costs continue to increase due to additional legal and regulatory requirements, our expanding operations, and increased regulatory scrutiny and enforcement efforts. new or revised laws, regulations, policies and related interpretations and enforcement practices, particularly those dealing with the sale of products, including without limitation, product and food safety, marketing or labeling; information security and privacy; labor and employment; employee wages and benefits; health and safety; imports and customs; taxes; and environmental compliance, may significantly increase our expenses or require extensive system and operating changes that could materially increase our cost of doing business. violations of applicable laws and regulations or untimely or incomplete execution of a required product recall can result in
18
significant penalties (including loss of licenses, eligibility to accept certain government benefits such as snap or significant fines), class action or other litigation, governmental investigation or action and reputational damage. additionally, changes in tax laws (including those related to the corporate tax rate), the interpretation of existing laws, or our failure to sustain our reporting positions on examination could adversely affect our overall effective tax rate. furthermore, significant and/or rapid increases to federal, state and/or local minimum wage rates could adversely affect our earnings if we are not able to otherwise offset these increased labor costs elsewhere in our business.
legal proceedings may adversely affect our reputation, business, results of operations and financial condition.
our business is subject to the risk of litigation or other legal proceedings by employees, consumers, suppliers, competitors, shareholders, government agencies and others through private actions, class actions, multi-district litigation, arbitrations, derivative actions, administrative proceedings, regulatory actions or other litigation. for example, we are involved in certain legal proceedings as discussed in note 7 to the consolidated financial statements. the outcome of legal proceedings, particularly class action or multi-district litigation or mass arbitrations and regulatory actions, can be difficult to assess or quantify. plaintiffs in these types of lawsuits may seek recovery of very large or indeterminate amounts, and the magnitude of the potential loss may remain unknown for lengthy periods. in addition, certain of these matters, if decided adversely to us or settled by us, may result in liability material to our financial statements as a whole or may negatively affect our operating results if changes to our business operations are required, and sometimes these developments are unanticipated. legal proceedings in general, and class actions, multi-district litigation, governmental investigations and actions and derivative actions in particular, can be expensive and disruptive, and adverse publicity could harm our reputation, regardless of the validity of the allegations. as a result, legal proceedings may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. see also note 7 to the consolidated financial statements.
new accounting guidance or changes in the interpretation or application of existing accounting guidance could adversely affect our financial performance.
the implementation of new accounting standards could require certain systems, internal process and controls and other changes that could increase our operating costs, and result in changes to our financial statements. in 2019, for example, the implementation of accounting standards related to leases, as issued by the financial accounting standards board, required us to make significant changes to our lease management and other accounting systems, and resulted in a material impact to our consolidated financial statements.
u.s. generally accepted accounting principles and related accounting pronouncements, implementation guidelines and interpretations with regard to a wide range of matters that are relevant to our business involve many subjective assumptions, estimates and judgments by our management. changes in these rules or their interpretation or in underlying management assumptions, estimates or judgments could significantly change our reported or expected financial performance. the outcome of such changes could include litigation or regulatory actions which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
financial and capital market risks deterioration in market conditions or changes in our credit profile could adversely affect our business operations and financial condition.
we rely on the positive cash flow we generate from our operating activities and our access to the credit and capital markets to fund our operations, growth strategy, and return of cash to our shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. changes in the credit and capital markets, including market disruptions, limited liquidity and interest rate fluctuations, may increase the cost of financing or restrict our access to these potential sources of future liquidity. our continued access to liquidity sources on favorable terms depends on multiple factors, including our operating performance and credit ratings. our debt securities currently are rated investment grade, and a downgrade of this rating likely would negatively impact our access to the debt capital markets and increase our cost of borrowing. as a result, disruptions in the debt markets or any downgrade of our credit ratings could adversely
19
affect our business operations and financial condition and our ability to return cash to our shareholders. we can make no assurances that our ability to obtain additional financing through the debt markets will not be adversely affected by economic conditions or that we will be able to maintain or improve our current credit ratings.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations this discussion and analysis should be read with, and is qualified in its entirety by, the consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto. it also should be read in conjunction with the cautionary disclosure regarding forward-looking statements and the risk factors disclosures set forth in the introduction and in item 1a of this report, respectively.
impact of covid-19
the covid-19 (coronavirus) pandemic has resulted in widespread and continuing impacts on the global economy and has affected our business, as well as our customers, suppliers, and other business partners. we have been classified as an essential business in all locations where we operate, and as such, our stores have generally remained open to serve our customers. in responding to the pandemic and its effects, our priority has been the health and safety of our employees and customers. in order to serve our employees and customers during this time while prioritizing their well-being, we have taken a variety of actions across our stores, distribution centers and store support center, including (as applicable): enhancing cleaning protocols, designating one hour each day for our elderly customers to shop our stores with limited crowds, implementing social distancing measures, providing personal protective equipment (e.g., gloves, masks and hand sanitizer) for employees, providing employee temperature checks at our distribution facilities, installing plexiglass barriers at registers, providing paid time off for those who received a covid-19 diagnosis, or who were required to care for an immediate family or household member who received a covid-19 diagnosis, and providing a one-time payment for hourly frontline employees who receive a complete covid-19 vaccination.
in early march 2020, we began seeing heightened demand from customers, particularly for consumable products such as paper, food and cleaning products, which continued throughout 2020, although with some variability as to the volume and product mix. beginning in april, we also saw a significant increase in demand in many non-consumable products, including home, seasonal and apparel, resulting in an overall significant mix shift into non-consumable categories in the remainder of 2020. also beginning in early march 2020, many new customers began shopping with us for their everyday essential needs, and we are working to retain them going forward. we have also seen a shift in customer behavior toward trip consolidation, as customers shopped our stores less frequently than in the same period in 2019, but purchased a larger average basket amount. we have seen a continuation of these general trends toward trip consolidation and larger basket size. to address the increased demand, we increased our hiring of new store associates in march and april of 2020, and have worked and continue to work with suppliers to incorporate new items in stores to meet the essential needs of customers while addressing certain product shortages and vendor allocation limitations, some of which we expect to persist through at least the first half of 2021. we believe that this increased customer demand significantly benefited our results of operations, and in particular, sales, gross profit, operating income and net income for fiscal 2020. although we incurred additional payroll related expenses throughout fiscal 2020, including employee appreciation bonuses of approximately $167 million, increased distribution and transportation costs, and other costs to meet the significant customer demand and to protect the health and safety of our employees and customers, these costs were more than offset by the incremental sales. the overall net impact of the pandemic to operating income and net income in 2021 may be less favorable due to the moderating positive impact to our net sales and our anticipation that some of these incremental costs, particularly those related to health and safety measures, will continue into 2021.
we expect to continue to be affected, although the extent and duration is unknown, by the covid-19 pandemic and its effects on the economy in a variety of ways, potentially including changing consumer demand (whether higher or lower) in certain product categories, supply chain interruptions, increased distribution and transportation costs, increased payroll expenses, and increased costs in an effort to maintain safe work and shopping environments. additionally, the vast shutdown of, and/or significant operating limitations imposed upon, many businesses in the united states has resulted in high levels of unemployment, which, along with current and potential school closures and operating limitations, could have a significant adverse impact on our core customers for an unknown length of time. the potential for additional economic stabilization efforts, including additional government stimulus payments and enhanced unemployment benefits and other government assistance and the effects thereof, are uncertain. in addition to the items described above, we expect the current adverse global economic conditions
27
caused by the covid-19 pandemic to continue in at least the near term, potentially resulting in continued elevated unemployment, reduced economic activity, and capital markets volatility. we may experience adverse effects on our business, results of operations and cash flows from a recessionary economic environment that may persist after the covid-19 pandemic has moderated. as a result, the quarterly cadence of our results of operations, which varied from historical patterns in fiscal 2020, may continue to do so in fiscal 2021.
due to the significant uncertainty surrounding the covid-19 pandemic and its effects, there may be consequences that we do not anticipate at this time or that develop in unexpected ways. we will continue to monitor the evolving situation, and we will continue to take actions as necessary to serve our employees, customers, communities and shareholders.
executive overview we are the largest discount retailer in the united states by number of stores, with 17,266 stores located in 46 states as of february 26, 2021, with the greatest concentration of stores in the southern, southwestern, midwestern and eastern united states. we offer a broad selection of merchandise, including consumable products such as food, paper and cleaning products, health and beauty products and pet supplies, and non-consumable products such as seasonal merchandise, home decor and domestics, and basic apparel. our merchandise includes national brands from leading manufacturers, as well as our own private brand selections with prices at substantial discounts to national brands. we offer our customers these national brand and private brand products at everyday low prices (typically $10 or less) in our convenient small-box locations.
we believe our convenient store formats, locations, and broad selection of high-quality products at compelling values have driven our substantial growth and financial success over the years and through a variety of economic cycles. we are mindful that the majority of our customers are value-conscious, and many have low and/or fixed incomes. as a result, we are intensely focused on helping our customers make the most of their spending dollars. our core customers are often among the first to be affected by negative or uncertain economic conditions and among the last to feel the effects of improving economic conditions, particularly when trends are inconsistent and of an uncertain duration. the primary macroeconomic factors that affect our core customers include the unemployment and underemployment rates, wage growth, changes in u.s. and global trade policy (including price increases resulting from the imposition of tariffs), and changes to certain government assistance programs, such as the supplemental nutrition assistance program. in 2020, our customers experienced impacts to many of these factors, as detailed above under "impact of covid-19". additionally, our customers are impacted by increases in those expenses that generally comprise a large portion of their household budgets, such as rent, healthcare and fuel prices. finally, significant unseasonable or unusual weather patterns can impact customer shopping behaviors.
we remain committed to our long-term operating priorities as we consistently strive to improve our performance while retaining our customer-centric focus. these priorities include: 1) driving profitable sales growth, 2) capturing growth opportunities, 3) enhancing our position as a low-cost operator, and 4) investing in our diverse teams through development, empowerment and inclusion.
we seek to drive profitable sales growth through initiatives aimed at increasing customer traffic and average transaction amount. as we work to provide everyday low prices and meet our customers' affordability needs, we remain focused on enhancing our margins through effective category management, inventory shrink reduction initiatives, private brands penetration, distribution and transportation efficiencies, global sourcing, and pricing and markdown optimization. several of our strategic and other sales-driving initiatives are also designed to capture growth opportunities and are discussed in more detail below.
historically, our sales in our consumables category, which tend to have lower gross margins, have been the key drivers of net sales and customer traffic, while sales in our non-consumables categories, which tend to have higher gross margins, have contributed to more profitable sales growth and an increase in average transaction amount. prior to 2020, our sales mix had continued to shift toward consumables, and, within consumables, toward lower margin departments such as perishables. although this trend did not occur in 2020 (as discussed above under "impact of covid-19"), we continue to expect some sales mix challenges to persist, and we expect the trend toward consumables will resume in 2021 and beyond. several of our initiatives, including certain of those discussed
28
below, are intended to address these mix challenges; however, there can be no assurances that these efforts will be successful.
we continue to make progress on and invest in certain strategic initiatives that we believe will help drive profitable sales growth, both with new and existing customers, and capture long-term growth opportunities. such opportunities include leveraging existing and developing new digital tools and technology to provide our customers with additional shopping access points and even greater convenience. this technology includes our dollar general app, which contains a variety of tools to enhance the in-store shopping experience. additionally, dg pickup, which is a buy online, pickup in-store initiative aimed at offering another convenient access point for customers, is now available in more than 17,000 stores across the chain.
our non-consumables initiative, or "nci," offers a new, differentiated and limited assortment that will change throughout the year. nci is continuing to evolve and help shape our approach to non-consumables categories throughout the chain and is contributing to improved overall sales and gross margin performance in the stores where it is offered. as we extend this initiative more broadly, as well as incorporate certain related merchandising efforts throughout our chain, our goal is to provide our customers with a broader, even more relevant non-consumables merchandise assortment, while continuing to deliver exceptional value within key areas of our non-consumables categories. additionally, as we expand this offering, we plan to incorporate the full nci set in certain stores as well as an "nci lite" version in others so as to reach a greater number of stores and customers more quickly. the nci lite version incorporates the majority of the nci assortment, but without the footprint and display changes in the store. we plan to significantly expand the number of stores with either the full nci or nci lite version in 2021, with a goal of more than 11,000 stores by the end of fiscal 2021.
additionally, we recently introduced popshelf, a unique retail concept that incorporates certain of the lessons learned from nci in a differentiated format that is focused on categories such as seasonal and home décor, health and beauty, home cleaning supplies, and party and entertainment goods. our goal is to operate up to 50 popshelf locations by the end of fiscal 2021.
we are continuing our rollout of the "dg fresh" initiative, a self-distribution model for frozen and refrigerated products that is designed to reduce product costs, enhance item assortment, improve our in-stock position, and enhance sales. by the end of fiscal 2021, we plan to complete our initial rollout of dg fresh distribution facilities, which will serve all stores across the chain. dg fresh contributed to our strong sales performance in 2020, driven by higher in-stock levels and the introduction of new products in select stores. in addition, dg fresh benefitted gross profit in 2020 through improved initial markups on inventory purchases, which were partially offset by increased distribution and transportation costs. we expect this net benefit to continue in 2021 as we proceed with the rollout.
tariffs on products from china, as applied to both our direct imports and domestic purchases, did not have a net material impact on our financial results in 2020, and we do not expect a net material impact in 2021. as noted above, changes in trade policy that result in higher prices for our customers may negatively impact their budgets, and consequently, their spending, and additional increases in tariff rates or expansion of products subject to tariffs may have a more significant impact on our future business.
to support our other operating priorities, we remain focused on capturing growth opportunities. in 2020, we opened 1,000 new stores, remodeled 1,670 stores, and relocated 110 stores. the covid-19 pandemic has not materially delayed our real estate plans, and, based on information currently known to management, we do not expect any significant delays in 2021. for 2021, we plan to open approximately 1,050 new stores (including any popshelf stores), remodel approximately 1,750 stores, and relocate approximately 100 stores, for a total of 2,900 real estate projects.
we continue to innovate within our channel and are able to utilize the most productive of our various dollar general store formats based on the specific market opportunity. we expect that our traditional 7,300 square foot store format will continue to be the primary store layout for new stores in 2021. we expect approximately 75% of our planned remodels in 2021 to feature our higher-cooler-count store format that enables us to offer an increased selection of perishable items. in addition, the majority of these and other real estate projects in 2021 will also
29
incorporate high-capacity coolers. our smaller format store (less than 6,000 square feet) is expected to allow us to capture growth opportunities in urban areas. we have also recently introduced two new larger format stores (one at approximately 8,500 square feet and the other at approximately 9,500 square feet), which allows us to further expand our offering and our ability to serve our customers. beginning later in 2021, we expect the 8,500 square-foot concept, along with our existing dollar general plus format of a similar size, to become our base prototypes for nearly all new stores moving forward, replacing our traditional 7,300 square foot store format and higher-cooler count dollar general traditional plus format. the innovation in store formats is expected to allow us to capture additional growth opportunities within our existing markets. we continue to incorporate lessons learned from our various store formats and layouts into our existing store base. these lessons contribute to innovation in developing new formats, with a goal of driving increased customer traffic, average transaction amount, same-store sales and overall store productivity.
we have established a position as a low-cost operator, always seeking ways to reduce or control costs that do not affect our customers' shopping experiences. we plan to continue enhancing this position over time while employing ongoing cost discipline to reduce certain expenses as a percentage of sales. nonetheless, we seek to maintain flexibility to invest in the business as necessary to enhance our long-term competitiveness and profitability. we have experienced incremental costs related to the covid-19 pandemic as discussed above under "impact of covid-19" and below under "results of operations," some of which are expected to continue in 2021.
we also have launched "fast track", an initiative aimed at further enhancing our convenience proposition and in-stock position as well as increasing labor efficiencies within our stores. the first phase of fast track involved sorting process optimization within our distribution centers, as well as increased shelf-ready packaging, to allow for greater store-level stocking efficiencies, followed by the second-phase pilot of a self-checkout option in a limited number of stores. we completed the sorting process optimization at all of our non-refrigerated distribution centers in 2019. additionally, we expect to continue to add self-checkout capabilities in additional stores throughout 2021. these and the other strategic initiatives discussed above will require us to incur upfront expenses for which there may not be an immediate return in terms of sales or enhanced profitability.
certain of our operating expenses, such as wage rates and occupancy costs, have continued to increase in recent years, due primarily to market forces, including increases in minimum wage rates. while we expect these increases to persist, certain of our initiatives and plans are intended to help offset these challenges, although there can be no assurance we will be successful in mitigating them. in addition, federal, state and/or local minimum wage increases could have a material negative impact on our operating expenses, although the magnitude and timing of such impact, and our ability to mitigate (whether in whole or in part), depends on the scale and timing of the mandated increases, among other factors. we have also experienced incremental payroll, distribution and transportation costs related to the covid-19 pandemic as discussed above under "impact of covid-19".
our diverse teams are a competitive advantage, and we proactively seek ways to continue investing in their development. our goal is to create an environment that attracts, develops, and retains talented personnel, particularly at the store manager level, because employees who are promoted from within our company generally have longer tenures and are greater contributors to improvements in our financial performance. we believe our investments in compensation and training for our store managers have contributed to improved customer experience scores, higher sales and improved turnover metrics.
to further enhance shareholder returns, we repurchased shares of our common stock and paid quarterly cash dividends throughout 2020. in 2021, we expect to continue our share repurchase activity and to pay quarterly cash dividends, subject to board discretion and approval.
we utilize key performance indicators ("kpis") in the management of our business. our kpis include same-store sales, average sales per square foot, and inventory turnover. same-store sales are calculated based upon stores that were open at least 13 full fiscal months and remain open at the end of the reporting period. we include stores that have been remodeled, expanded or relocated in our same-store sales calculation. changes in same-store sales are calculated based on the comparable 52 calendar weeks in the current and prior years. net sales per square foot is calculated based on total sales for the preceding 12 months as of the ending date of the reporting period divided by the average selling square footage during the period, including the end of the fiscal year, the beginning of
30
the fiscal year, and the end of each of our three interim fiscal quarters. inventory turnover is calculated based on total cost of goods sold for the preceding four quarters divided by the average inventory balance as of the ending date of the reporting period, including the end of the fiscal year, the beginning of the fiscal year, and the end of each of our three interim fiscal quarters. each of these measures is commonly used by investors in retail companies to measure the health of the business. we use these measures to maximize profitability and for decisions about the allocation of resources.
a continued focus on our four operating priorities as discussed above, coupled with pandemic-related sales and other impacts (additional discussion below) and strong cash flow management resulted in strong overall operating and financial performance in 2020 as compared to 2019, as set forth below. basis points, as referred to below, are equal to 0.01% as a percentage of net sales.
●   net sales in 2020 increased 21.6% over 2019. sales in same-stores increased 16.3%, primarily due to increases in average transaction amount. average sales per square foot in 2020 were $273.

●   our gross profit rate increased by 117 basis points due primarily to lower markdowns as a percentage of sales and higher initial markups on inventory purchases.

●   sg&amp;a as a percentage of sales decreased by 106 basis points primarily due to our significant increase in 2020 sales, partially offset by incremental costs related to covid-19.

●   operating profit increased 54.4% to $3.55 billion in 2020 compared to $2.30 billion in 2019.

●   interest expense increased by $49.8 million in 2020 primarily due to higher average outstanding debt balances in connection with the issuance of debt in the first quarter of 2020.

●   the decrease in the effective income tax rate to 22.0% in 2020 from 22.2% in 2019 was due primarily to income tax benefits associated with share-based compensation.

●   we reported net income of $2.66 billion, or $10.62 per diluted share, for 2020 compared to net income of $1.71 billion, or $6.64 per diluted share, for 2019.

●   we generated approximately $3.88 billion of cash flows from operating activities in 2020, an increase of 73.2% compared to 2019.

●   inventory turnover was 4.9 times, and inventories increased 6.3% on a per store basis compared to 2019.

●   we repurchased approximately 12.3 million shares of our outstanding common stock for $2.5 billion.

readers should refer to the detailed discussion of our operating results below for additional comments on financial performance in the current year as compared with the prior years presented.
results of operations accounting periods. the following text contains references to years 2020, 2019, and 2018, which represent fiscal years ended january 29, 2021, january 31, 2020, and february 1, 2019, respectively. our fiscal year ends on the friday closest to january 31. fiscal years 2020, 2019 and 2018 were each 52-week accounting periods.
seasonality. the nature of our business is somewhat seasonal. primarily because of sales of christmas-related merchandise, operating profit in our fourth quarter (november, december and january) has historically been higher than operating profit achieved in each of the first three quarters of the fiscal year. expenses, and to a greater extent operating profit, vary by quarter. results of a period shorter than a full year may not be indicative of results expected for the entire year. furthermore, the seasonal nature of our business may affect comparisons between
31
periods. consumer behavior driven by the covid-19 pandemic has resulted in a departure from seasonal norms we have experienced in recent years and may continue to disrupt the historical quarterly cadence of our results of operations for an unknown period of time.
the following table contains results of operations data for fiscal years 2020, 2019 and 2018, and the dollar and percentage variances among those years.

2020 vs. 2019                                       2019 vs. 2018
(amounts in millions, except                                                                                         amount                 %                    amount         %
per share amounts)                                            2020                  2019                  2018       change                 change               change         change net sales by category:
consumables                                              $25,906.7             $21,635.9             $19,865.1       $4,270.8               19.7     %         $1,770.8         8.9      %
% of net sales                                               76.77   %             77.96   %             77.52   %
seasonal                                                   4,083.7               3,258.9               3,050.3       824.8                  25.3                  208.6         6.8
% of net sales                                               12.10   %             11.74   %             11.90   %
home products                                              2,210.0               1,611.9               1,506.1       598.1                  37.1                  105.8         7.0
% of net sales                                                6.55   %              5.81   %              5.88   %
apparel                                                    1,546.6               1,247.3               1,203.6       299.2                  24.0                   43.7         3.6
% of net sales                                                4.58   %              4.49   %              4.70   %
net sales                                                $33,746.8             $27,754.0             $25,625.0       $5,992.9               21.6     %         $2,128.9         8.3      %
cost of goods sold                                        23,028.0              19,264.9              17,821.2              3,763.1         19.5                1,443.7         8.1
% of net sales                                               68.24   %             69.41   %             69.55   %
gross profit                                              10,718.9               8,489.1               7,803.9              2,229.8         26.3                  685.2         8.8
% of net sales                                               31.76   %             30.59   %             30.45   %
selling, general and administrative expenses               7,164.1               6,186.8               5,687.6       977.3                  15.8                  499.2         8.8
% of net sales                                               21.23   %             22.29   %             22.20   %
operating profit                                           3,554.8               2,302.3               2,116.3              1,252.5         54.4                  186.0         8.8
% of net sales                                               10.53   %              8.30   %              8.26   %
interest expense                                             150.4                 100.6                  99.9       49.8                   49.5                    0.7         0.7
% of net sales                                                0.45   %              0.36   %              0.39   %
other (income) expense                                           -                     -                   1.0              -               -                     (1.0)         -
% of net sales                                                0.00   %              0.00   %              0.00   %
income before income taxes                                 3,404.4               2,201.7               2,015.4              1,202.7         54.6                  186.3         9.2
% of net sales                                               10.09   %              7.93   %              7.87   %
income tax expense                                           749.3                 489.2                 425.9       260.2                  53.2                   63.2         14.8
% of net sales                                                2.22   %              1.76   %              1.66   %
net income                                                $2,655.1              $1,712.6              $1,589.5       $942.5                 55.0     %           $123.1         7.7      %
% of net sales                                                7.87   %              6.17   %              6.20   %
diluted earnings per share                                  $10.62                 $6.64                 $5.97       $3.98                  59.9     %            $0.67         11.2     %
net sales. the net sales increase in 2020 reflects a same-store sales increase of 16.3% compared to 2019. in 2020, our 16,050 same-stores accounted for sales of $31.9 billion. the increase in same-store sales reflects an increase in average transaction amount driven by a significant increase in items per transaction and, to a lesser degree, higher average item retail prices, which were offset in part by a decline in customer traffic. same-store sales increased in each of the consumables, seasonal, home products and apparel categories, with the largest percentage increase in the home products category. the 2020 net sales increase was positively affected by new stores, modestly offset by sales from closed stores.
the net sales increase in 2019 reflects a same-store sales increase of 3.9% compared to 2018. in 2019, our 15,209 same-stores accounted for sales of $26.4 billion. the increase in same-store sales primarily reflects an increase in average transaction amount and customer traffic compared to 2018. the increase in average transaction amount was driven by higher average item retail prices. same-store sales in 2019 increased in each of the consumables, seasonal and home products and apparel categories, compared to 2018. the 2019 net sales increase was positively affected by new stores, modestly offset by sales from closed stores.
gross profit. in 2020, gross profit increased by 26.3%, and as a percentage of net sales increased by 117 basis points to 31.8% compared to 2019. a reduction in markdowns as a percentage of net sales and higher initial
32
markups on inventory purchases each contributed to the increase in the gross profit rate. in addition, non-consumables sales increased at a higher rate than consumables sales in 2020, which contributed to the increase in the gross profit rate. we also experienced a lower rate of inventory shrink in 2020 compared to 2019. it is uncertain at this time whether these trends, which differ from our recent historical trends prior to 2020, will continue. these factors were partially offset by increased distribution and transportation costs which were impacted by increased volume, some of which is attributable to the covid-19 pandemic, and discretionary employee bonus expense. as noted above, we believe the effect of the covid-19 pandemic on consumer behavior had a significant positive effect on net sales, and also had a positive effect on our gross profit.
in 2019, gross profit increased by 8.8%, and as a percentage of net sales increased by 14 basis points to 30.6% compared to 2018. higher initial markups on inventory purchases and a lower lifo provision contributed to the increase in the gross profit rate. these factors were partially offset by increased distribution and transportation costs, a greater proportion of sales of consumables, which generally have a lower gross profit rate than our other product categories, and sales of lower margin products comprising a higher proportion of consumables sales, as well as a higher rate of inventory shrinkage.
sg&a. sg&a as a percentage of net sales was 21.2% in 2020 compared to 22.3% in 2019, a decrease of 106 basis points. although we incurred certain incremental costs discussed above under "impact of covid-19," including discretionary employee bonus expense, they were more than offset by the significant increase in net sales during the period as discussed above. among the expenses that were a lower percentage of net sales in 2020 were retail labor, store occupancy costs, utilities, and depreciation and amortization. in addition, we recorded expenses of $31.0 million in 2019 reflecting our estimate for the settlement of significant legal matters. these items were partially offset by 2020 increases in incentive compensation and hurricane-related expenses.
sg&a as a percentage of sales was 22.3% in 2019 compared to 22.2% in 2018, an increase of 9 basis points, which included the $31.0 million estimate in 2019 for the settlement of significant legal matters. sg&a in 2019 included a decrease of approximately $22.8 million in hurricane and other disaster-related expenses compared to 2018 as well as an increase in retail labor costs at a rate less than the increase in net sales.
interest expense. interest expense increased $49.8 million to $150.4 million in 2020 compared to 2019, primarily due to higher average outstanding debt balances in connection with the issuance of debt in the first quarter of 2020, and increased $0.7 million to $100.6 million in 2019 compared to 2018. see the detailed discussion under "liquidity and capital resources" regarding the financing of various long-term obligations.
we had consolidated outstanding variable-rate debt of $3.4 million and $430.1 million as of january 29, 2021 and january 31, 2020, respectively, and the remainder of our outstanding indebtedness as of each of those dates was fixed rate debt.
other (income) expense. other (income) expense in 2018 reflects expenses associated with the voluntary prepayment of our senior unsecured term loan facility.
income taxes. the effective income tax rate for 2020 was 22.0% compared to a rate of 22.2% for 2019 which represents a net decrease of 0.2 percentage points. the effective income tax rate was lower in 2020 primarily due to increased tax benefits associated with share-based compensation and a larger income tax rate benefit from state taxes offset by a lower income tax rate benefit from federal income tax credits due primarily to higher pre-tax earnings in 2020 compared to 2019.
the effective income tax rate for 2019 was 22.2% compared to a rate of 21.1% for 2018 which represents a net increase of 1.1 percentage points. the effective income tax rate was higher in 2019 primarily due to an increase in income taxes resulting from changes in state income tax laws and a federal income tax benefit arising from the tax cuts and jobs act in 2018 that did not reoccur in 2019.
off balance sheet arrangements we are not party to any material off balance sheet arrangements.
33
effects of inflation in 2020, 2019 and 2018, we experienced increases in product costs due in part to tariffs on certain items imported from china.
liquidity and capital resources current financial condition and recent developments during the past three years, we have generated an aggregate of approximately $8.3 billion in cash flows from operating activities and incurred approximately $2.5 billion in capital expenditures. during that period, we expanded the number of stores we operate by 2,643, representing growth of approximately 18%, and we remodeled or relocated 4,069 stores, or approximately 28% of the stores we operated as of the beginning of the three-year period. in 2021, we intend to continue our current strategy of pursuing store growth, remodels and relocations.
at january 29, 2021, we had a $1.25 billion unsecured revolving credit agreement (the "revolving facility"), $4.0 billion aggregate principal amount of senior notes, and a commercial paper program that may provide borrowing availability of up to $1.0 billion. at january 29, 2021, we had total consolidated outstanding debt (including the current portion of long-term obligations) of $4.1 billion, most of which was in the form of senior notes. all of our material borrowing arrangements are described in greater detail below. our borrowing availability under the revolving facility may be effectively limited by our commercial paper notes ("cp notes") as further described below. the information contained in note 5 to the consolidated financial statements contained in part ii, item 8 of this report is incorporated herein by reference.
at january 29, 2021, we had a total consolidated cash balance of $1.4 billion. our balance of cash and cash equivalents was impacted by our issuance of senior unsecured notes in april 2020 as we sought to strengthen liquidity as a result of uncertainty created by the covid-19 pandemic.
we believe our cash flow from operations, and our existing cash balances, combined with availability under the revolving facility, cp notes and access to the debt markets, will provide sufficient liquidity to fund our current obligations, projected working capital requirements, capital spending and anticipated dividend payments for a period that includes the next twelve months as well as the next several years. however, our ability to maintain sufficient liquidity may be affected by numerous factors, many of which are outside of our control. depending on our liquidity levels, conditions in the capital markets and other factors, we may from time to time consider the issuance of debt, equity or other securities, the proceeds of which could provide additional liquidity for our operations.
for fiscal 2021, we anticipate potential combined borrowings under the revolving facility and cp notes to be a maximum of approximately $600 million outstanding at any one time, including any anticipated borrowings to fund repurchases of common stock.
revolving credit facility on september 10, 2019, we entered into the revolving facility consisting of a $1.25 billion senior unsecured revolving credit facility of which up to $175.0 million is available for the issuance of letters of credit and which is scheduled to mature on september 10, 2024.
borrowings under the revolving facility bear interest at a rate equal to an applicable interest rate margin plus, at our option, either (a) libor or (b) a base rate (which is usually equal to the prime rate). the applicable interest rate margin for borrowings as of january 29, 2021 was 1.015% for libor borrowings and 0.015% for base-rate borrowings. we must also pay a facility fee, payable on any used and unused commitment amounts of the revolving facility, and customary fees on letters of credit issued under the revolving facility. as of january 29, 2021, the facility fee rate was 0.11%. the applicable interest rate margins for borrowings, the facility fees and the
34
letter of credit fees under the revolving facility are subject to adjustment from time to time based on our long-term senior unsecured debt ratings.
the revolving facility contains a number of customary affirmative and negative covenants that, among other things, restrict, subject to certain exceptions, our (including our subsidiaries') ability to: incur additional liens; sell all or substantially all of our assets; consummate certain fundamental changes or change in our lines of business; and incur additional subsidiary indebtedness. the revolving facility also contains financial covenants that require the maintenance of a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio and a maximum leverage ratio. as of january 29, 2021, we were in compliance with all such covenants. the revolving facility also contains customary events of default.
as of january 29, 2021, under the revolving facility, we had no outstanding borrowings, outstanding letters of credit of $3.5 million, and borrowing availability of $1.25 billion that, due to our intention to maintain borrowing availability related to the commercial paper program described below, could contribute incremental liquidity of $1.07 billion at january 29, 2021. in addition, as of january 29, 2021 we had outstanding letters of credit of $77.7 million which were issued pursuant to separate agreements.
commercial paper as of january 29, 2021, our consolidated balance sheet reflected no outstanding unsecured cp notes. cp notes totaling $181.0 million were held by a wholly-owned subsidiary and therefore are not reflected on the consolidated balance sheet. we may issue the cp notes from time to time in an aggregate amount not to exceed $1.0 billion outstanding at any time. the cp notes may have maturities of up to 364 days from the date of issue and rank equal in right of payment with all of our other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness. we intend to maintain available commitments under the revolving facility in an amount at least equal to the amount of cp notes outstanding at any time.
senior notes in april 2013 we issued $900.0 million aggregate principal amount of 3.25% senior notes due 2023 (the "2023 senior notes") at a discount of $2.4 million, which are scheduled to mature on april 15, 2023. in october 2015 we issued $500.0 million aggregate principal amount of 4.150% senior notes due 2025 (the "2025 senior notes") at a discount of $0.8 million, which are scheduled to mature on november 1, 2025. in april 2017 we issued $600.0 million aggregate principal amount of 3.875% senior notes due 2027 (the "2027 senior notes") at a discount of $0.4 million, which are scheduled to mature on april 15, 2027. in april 2018 we issued $500.0 million aggregate principal amount of 4.125% senior notes due 2028 (the "2028 senior notes") at a discount of $0.5 million, which are scheduled to mature on may 1, 2028. in april 2020 we issued $1.0 billion aggregate principal amount of 3.5% senior notes due 2030 (the "2030 senior notes") at a discount of $0.7 million, which are scheduled to mature on april 3, 2030, and $500.0 million aggregate principal amount of 4.125% senior notes due 2050 (the "2050 senior notes") at a discount of $5.0 million, which are scheduled to mature on april 3, 2050. collectively, the 2023 senior notes, 2025 senior notes, 2027 senior notes, 2028 senior notes, 2030 senior notes and 2050 senior notes comprise the "senior notes", each of which were issued pursuant to an indenture as supplemented and amended by supplemental indentures relating to each series of senior notes (as so supplemented and amended, the "senior indenture"). interest on the 2023 senior notes and the 2027 senior notes is payable in cash on april 15 and october 15 of each year. interest on the 2025 and 2028 senior notes is payable in cash on may 1 and november 1 of each year. interest on the 2030 and 2050 senior notes is payable in cash on april 3 and october 3 of each year.
we may redeem some or all of the senior notes at any time at redemption prices set forth in the senior indenture. upon the occurrence of a change of control triggering event, which is defined in the senior indenture, each holder of our senior notes has the right to require us to repurchase some or all of such holder's senior notes at a purchase price in cash equal to 101% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the repurchase date.
the senior indenture contains covenants limiting, among other things, our ability (subject to certain exceptions) to consolidate, merge, or sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of our assets; and our ability
35
and the ability of our subsidiaries to incur or guarantee indebtedness secured by liens on any shares of voting stock of significant subsidiaries.
the senior indenture also provides for events of default which, if any of them occurs, would permit or require the principal of and accrued interest on our senior notes to become or to be declared due and payable, as applicable.
rating agencies our senior unsecured debt is rated "baa2," by moody's with a stable outlook and "bbb" by standard & poor's with a stable outlook, and our commercial paper program is rated "p-2" by moody's and "a-2" by standard and poor's. our current credit ratings, as well as future rating agency actions, could (i) impact our ability to finance our operations on satisfactory terms; (ii) affect our financing costs; and (iii) affect our insurance premiums and collateral requirements necessary for our self-insured programs. there can be no assurance that we will maintain or improve our current credit ratings.
contractual obligations the following table summarizes our significant contractual obligations and commercial commitments as of january 29, 2021 (in thousands):

payments due by period contractual obligations             total                    &lt; 1 year             1 - 3 years             3 - 5 years             5+ years long-term debt obligations          $4,164,365               $4,127                  $913,765                $513,722                $2,732,751
interest(a)                                  1,431,214                 153,876                 284,119                 242,921                 750,298
self-insurance liabilities(b)                  245,086                 110,383                  87,880                  30,310                  16,513
operating lease obligations                 11,366,117               1,419,082               2,672,507               2,337,755               4,936,773
subtotal                            $17,206,782              $1,687,468              $3,958,271              $3,124,708              $8,436,335

commitments expiring by period commercial commitments(c)                                         total                  &lt; 1 year            1 - 3 years          3 - 5 years          5+ years letters of credit                                                 $47,313                $47,313                $-                   $-                   $-
purchase obligations(d)                                                   741,344                737,872                3,472                -                    -
subtotal                                                          $788,657               $785,185               $3,472               $-                   $-
total contractual obligations and commercial commitments(e)       $17,995,439            $2,472,653             $3,961,743           $3,124,708           $8,436,335
(a)   represents obligations for interest payments on long-term debt and includes projected interest on variable rate long-term debt using 2020 year end rates and balances. variable rate long-term debt includes the revolving facility (although such facility had a balance of zero as of january 29, 2021), the cp notes (which also had a balance of zero as of january 29, 2021, and which amount is net of $181 million held by a wholly-owned subsidiary), and the balance of an outstanding tax increment financing of $3.4 million.

(b)   we retain a significant portion of the risk for our workers' compensation, employee health, general liability, property loss, automobile, and third-party landlord claims exposures. as these obligations do not have scheduled maturities, these amounts represent undiscounted estimates based upon actuarial assumptions. substantially all amounts are reflected on an undiscounted basis in our consolidated balance sheets.

(c)   commercial commitments include information technology license and support agreements, supplies, fixtures, letters of credit for import merchandise, and other inventory purchase obligations.

(d)   purchase obligations include legally binding agreements for software licenses and support, supplies, fixtures, and merchandise purchases (excluding such purchases subject to letters of credit).

36
(e)   we have potential payment obligations associated with uncertain tax positions that are not reflected in these totals. we are currently unable to make reasonably reliable estimates of the period of cash settlement with the taxing authorities for the $7.5 million of reserves for uncertain tax positions.

share repurchase program our common stock repurchase program had a total remaining authorization of approximately $0.68 billion at january 29, 2021. effective march 17, 2021, our board of directors authorized a $2 billion increase to such program which resulted in a total remaining authorization of approximately $2.38 billion under the program at such date. the authorization allows repurchases from time to time in open market transactions, including pursuant to trading plans adopted in accordance with rule 10b5-1 of the securities exchange act of 1934, as amended, or in privately negotiated transactions. the timing, manner and number of shares repurchased will depend on a variety of factors, including price, market conditions, compliance with the covenants and restrictions under our debt agreements and other factors. the repurchase program has no expiration date and may be modified or terminated from time to time at the discretion of our board of directors. for more detail about our share repurchase program, see part ii, item 5 of this report and note 11 to the consolidated financial statements contained in part ii, item 8 of this report.
other considerations on march 16, 2021, the board of directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.42 per share which is payable on or before april 20, 2021 to shareholders of record of our common stock on april 6, 2021. we paid quarterly cash dividends of $0.36 per share in 2020. although the board currently expects to continue regular quarterly cash dividends, the declaration and amount of future cash dividends are subject to the board's sole discretion and will depend upon, among other factors, our results of operations, cash requirements, financial condition, contractual restrictions and other factors that our board may deem relevant in its sole discretion.
our inventory balance represented approximately 48% of our total assets exclusive of goodwill, operating lease assets, and other intangible assets as of january 29, 2021. our ability to effectively manage our inventory balances can have a significant impact on our cash flows from operations during a given fiscal year. inventory purchases are often somewhat seasonal in nature, such as the purchase of warm-weather or christmas-related merchandise. efficient management of our inventory has been and continues to be an area of focus for us.
as described in note 7 to the consolidated financial statements, we are involved in a number of legal actions and claims, some of which could potentially result in material cash payments. adverse developments in those actions could materially and adversely affect our liquidity.
cash flows cash flows from operating activities. cash flows from operating activities were $3.88 billion in 2020, which represents a $1.64 billion increase compared to 2019. as noted above, the covid-19 pandemic has resulted in increased sales, gross profit, and operating income, which contributed to the increase in net income of $942.5 million in 2020 over 2019. changes in accounts payable resulted in a $745.6 million increase in our working capital in 2020 compared to a $428.6 million increase in 2019, due primarily to the timing of receipts and payments. changes in accrued expenses resulted in a $388.6 million increase in our working capital in 2020 compared to a $100.3 million increase in 2019, due primarily to increased accruals for compensation and non-income taxes. changes in merchandise inventories resulted in a $575.8 million decrease in our working capital in 2020 which was similar to the decrease of $578.8 million in 2019 as described in greater detail below. changes in income taxes including an increase in cash paid for income taxes in 2020 compared to 2019 are primarily due to the increase in pre-tax earnings in 2020.
cash flows from operating activities were $2.24 billion in 2019, which represents a $94.4 million increase compared to 2018. changes in accounts payable resulted in a $428.6 million increase in 2019 compared to a $375.2 million increase in 2018, due primarily to the timing of receipts and payments which was partially impacted by certain changes in payment terms. in addition, net income increased by $123.1 million in 2019 over 2018. these
37
items were offset by changes in merchandise inventories which resulted in a $578.8 million decrease in 2019 as compared to a decrease of $521.3 million in 2018. changes in income taxes in 2019 compared to 2018 are primarily due to the timing of payments for income taxes.
on an ongoing basis, we closely monitor and manage our inventory balances, and they may fluctuate from period to period based on new store openings, the timing of purchases, and other factors. merchandise inventories increased by 12% in 2020, by 14% in 2019 and by 14% in 2018. inventory levels in the consumables category increased by $455.6 million, or 15%, in 2020, by $371.9 million, or 14%, in 2019, and by $320.9 million, or 14% in 2018. the seasonal category increased by $35.7 million, or 4%, in 2020, by $127.3 million, or 17%, in 2019, and by $108.4 million, or 17%, in 2018. the home products category increased by $66.3 million, or 15%, in 2020, by $82.8 million, or 23%, in 2019, and by $24.0 million, or 7%, in 2018. the apparel category increased by $12.9 million, or 3%, in 2020, decreased by $2.1 million, or 1%, in 2019, and increased by $34.7 million, or 10%, in 2018.
cash flows from investing activities. significant components of property and equipment purchases in 2020 included the following approximate amounts: $447 million for improvements, upgrades, remodels and relocations of existing stores; $271 million for distribution and transportation-related capital expenditures; $250 million related to store facilities, primarily for leasehold improvements, fixtures and equipment in new stores; and $50 million for information systems upgrades and technology-related projects. the timing of new, remodeled and relocated store openings along with other factors may affect the relationship between such openings and the related property and equipment purchases in any given period. during 2020, we opened 1,000 new stores and remodeled or relocated 1,780 stores.
significant components of property and equipment purchases in 2019 included the following approximate amounts: $338 million for improvements, upgrades, remodels and relocations of existing stores; $217 million for distribution and transportation-related projects; $149 million for new leased stores, primarily for leasehold improvements, fixtures and equipment; and $59 million for information systems upgrades and technology-related projects. during 2019, we opened 975 new stores and remodeled or relocated 1,124 stores.
significant components of property and equipment purchases in 2018 included the following approximate amounts: $289 million for improvements, upgrades, remodels and relocations of existing stores; $242 million for distribution and transportation-related projects; $138 million for new leased stores, primarily for leasehold improvements, fixtures and equipment; and $47 million for information systems upgrades and technology-related projects. during 2018, we opened 900 new stores and remodeled or relocated 1,165 stores.
capital expenditures during 2021 are projected to be in the range of $1.05 billion to $1.15 billion. we anticipate funding 2021 capital requirements with a combination of some or all of the following: existing cash balances, cash flows from operations, availability under our revolving facility and/or the issuance of additional senior notes and cp notes. we plan to continue to invest in store growth and development of approximately 1,050 new stores and approximately 1,850 stores to be remodeled or relocated. capital expenditures in 2021 are anticipated to support our store growth as well as our remodel and relocation initiatives, including capital outlays for leasehold improvements, fixtures and equipment; the construction of new stores; costs to support and enhance our supply chain initiatives including new and existing distribution center facilities and our private fleet; technology initiatives; as well as routine and ongoing capital requirements.
cash flows from financing activities. in 2020, net proceeds from the issuance of the 2030 senior notes and 2050 senior notes totaled $1.5 billion, net commercial paper borrowings decreased by $425.2 million, and borrowings and repayments under the revolving facility were $300.0 million each. we repurchased 12.3 million shares of our common stock at a total cost of $2.5 billion and paid cash dividends of $355.9 million.
in 2019, we had a net increase in consolidated commercial paper borrowings of $58.3 million and had no borrowings or repayments under the revolving facility. we repurchased 8.3 million outstanding shares of our common stock in 2019 at a total cost of $1.2 billion and paid cash dividends of $327.6 million.
in 2018, we had net proceeds from the issuance of the 2028 senior notes of $499.5 million, redeemed the 2018 senior notes for $400.0 million, and made a voluntary prepayment of our senior unsecured term loan facility
38
of $175.0 million. we had a net decrease in consolidated commercial paper borrowings in 2018 of $63.3 million and had no borrowings or repayments under the revolving facility. we repurchased 9.9 million outstanding shares of our common stock in 2018 at a total cost of $1.0 billion and paid cash dividends of $306.5 million.
critical accounting policies and estimates the preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the united states ("u.s. gaap") requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts and related disclosures. in addition to the estimates presented below, there are other items within our financial statements that require estimation, but are not deemed critical as defined below. we believe these estimates are reasonable and appropriate. however, if actual experience differs from the assumptions and other considerations used, the resulting changes could have a material effect on the financial statements taken as a whole.
management believes the following policies and estimates are critical because they involve significant judgments, assumptions, and estimates. management has discussed the development and selection of the critical accounting estimates with the audit committee of our board of directors, and the audit committee has reviewed the disclosures presented below relating to those policies and estimates. see note 1 to the consolidated financial statements for a detailed discussion of our principal accounting policies.
merchandise inventories. merchandise inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market ("lcm") with cost determined using the retail last in, first out ("lifo") method. we use the retail inventory method ("rim") to calculate gross profit and the resulting valuation of inventories at cost, which are computed utilizing a calculated cost-to-retail inventory ratio at an inventory department level. we apply the rim to these departments, which are groups of products that are fairly uniform in terms of cost, selling price relationship and turnover. the rim will result in valuing inventories at lcm if permanent markdowns are currently taken as a reduction of the retail value of inventories. inherent in the rim calculation are certain management judgments and estimates that may impact the ending inventory valuation at cost, as well as the gross profit recognized. these judgments include ensuring departments consist of similar products, recording estimated shrinkage between physical inventories, and timely recording of markdowns needed to sell inventory.
we perform an annual lifo analysis whereby all merchandise units are considered for inclusion in the index formulation. an actual valuation of inventory under the lifo method is made at the end of each year based on the inventory levels and costs at that time. in contrast, interim lifo calculations are based on management's annual estimates of sales, the rate of inflation or deflation, and year-end inventory levels. we also perform analyses for determining obsolete inventory, adjusting inventory on a quarterly basis to an lcm value based on various management assumptions including estimated below cost markdowns not yet recorded, but required to liquidate such inventory in future periods.
factors considered in the determination of markdowns include current and anticipated demand based on changes in competitors' practices, consumer preferences, consumer spending, significant weather events and unseasonable weather patterns. certain of these factors are outside of our control and may result in greater than estimated markdowns to entice consumer purchases of excess inventory. the amount and timing of markdowns may vary significantly from year to year.
we perform physical inventories in virtually all of our stores on an annual basis. due to the covid-19 pandemic, we were unable to perform physical inventories in our stores from mid-march through mid-may in 2020, which prevented us from completing all of our planned store physical inventories in 2020, the effect of which was immaterial. we calculate our shrink provision based on actual physical inventory results during the fiscal period and an accrual for estimated shrink occurring subsequent to a physical inventory through the end of the fiscal reporting period. this accrual is calculated as a percentage of sales at each retail store, at a department level, based on the store's most recent historical shrink rate. to the extent that subsequent physical inventories yield different results than the estimated accrual, our effective shrink rate for a given reporting period will include the impact of adjusting to the actual results.
39
we believe our estimates and assumptions related to the application of the rim results in a merchandise inventory valuation that reasonably approximates cost on a consistent basis.
impairment of long-lived assets. impairment of long-lived assets results when the carrying value of the assets exceeds the estimated undiscounted future cash flows generated by the assets. our estimate of undiscounted future store cash flows is based upon historical operations of the stores and estimates of future profitability which encompasses many factors that are subject to variability and are difficult to predict. if our estimates of future cash flows are not materially accurate, our impairment analysis could be impacted accordingly. if a long-lived asset is found to be impaired, the amount recognized for impairment is equal to the difference between the carrying value and the asset's estimated fair value. the fair value is estimated based primarily upon projected future cash flows (discounted at our credit adjusted risk-free rate) or other reasonable estimates of fair market value. although not currently anticipated, changes in these estimates, assumptions or projections could materially affect the determination of fair value or impairment.
insurance liabilities. we retain a significant portion of the risk for our workers' compensation, employee health, general liability, property loss, automobile and certain third-party landlord claim exposures. these represent significant costs primarily due to our large employee base and number of stores. provisions are made for these liabilities on an undiscounted basis. certain of these liabilities are based on actual claim data and estimates of incurred but not reported claims developed using actuarial methodologies based on historical claim trends, which have been and are anticipated to continue to be materially accurate. if future claim trends deviate from recent historical patterns, or other unanticipated events affect the number and significance of future claims, we may be required to record additional expenses or expense reductions, which could be material to our future financial results.
contingent liabilities - income taxes. income tax reserves are determined using the methodology established by accounting standards relating to uncertainty in income taxes. these standards require companies to assess each income tax position taken using a two-step process. a determination is first made as to whether it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained, based upon the technical merits, upon examination by the taxing authorities. if the tax position is expected to meet the more likely than not criteria, the benefit recorded for the tax position equals the largest amount that is greater than 50% likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement of the respective tax position. uncertain tax positions require determinations and liabilities to be estimated based on provisions of the tax law which may be subject to change or varying interpretation. if our determinations and estimates prove to be inaccurate, the resulting adjustments could be material to our future financial results.
lease accounting. we adopted new accounting guidance related to leases as of february 2, 2019, using the modified retrospective approach. lease liabilities are recorded at a discount based upon our estimated collateralized incremental borrowing rate which involves significant judgments and estimates. factors incorporated into the calculation of lease discount rates include the valuations and yields of our senior notes, their credit spread over comparable u.s. treasury rates, and an index of the credit spreads for all north american investment grade companies by rating. to determine an indicative secured rate, we use the estimated credit spread improvement that would result from an upgrade of one ratings classification by tenor. many of our stores are subject to build-to-suit arrangements with landlords, which typically carry a primary lease term of up to 15 years with multiple renewal options. we also have stores subject to shorter-term leases and many of these leases have renewal options. we record single lease expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term including any option periods that are reasonably certain to be renewed, commencing on the date that we take physical possession of the property from the landlord. tenant allowances, to the extent received, are recorded as a reduction of the right of use asset. improvements of leased properties are amortized over the shorter of the life of the applicable lease term or the estimated useful life of the asset.
share-based payments. our stock option awards are valued on an individual grant basis using the black-scholes-merton closed form option pricing model. we believe that this model fairly estimates the value of our stock option awards. the application of this valuation model involves assumptions that are judgmental in the valuation of stock options, which affects compensation expense related to these options. these assumptions include the term that the options are expected to be outstanding, the historical volatility of our stock price, applicable interest rates and the dividend yield of our stock. other factors involving judgments that affect the expensing of share-based payments include estimated forfeiture rates of share-based awards. historically, these estimates have been materially accurate;
40
however, if our estimates differ materially from actual experience, we may be required to record additional expense or reductions of expense, which could be material to our future financial results.
fair value measurements. accounting standards for the measurement of fair value of assets and liabilities establish a fair value hierarchy that distinguishes between market participant assumptions based on market data obtained from sources independent of the reporting entity (observable inputs that are classified within levels 1 and 2 of the hierarchy) and the reporting entity's own assumptions about market participant assumptions (unobservable inputs classified within level 3 of the hierarchy). therefore, level 3 inputs are typically based on an entity's own assumptions, as there is little, if any, related market activity, and thus require the use of significant judgment and estimates. currently, we have no assets or liabilities that are valued based solely on level 3 inputs. our fair value measurements are primarily associated with our outstanding debt instruments. we use various valuation models in determining the values of these liabilities. we believe that in recent years these methodologies have produced materially accurate valuations.
