item 1a.    risk factors discussion of our business and operations included in this annual report on form 10-k should be read together with the risk factors set forth below. they describe various risks and uncertainties we are or may become subject to, many of which are difficult to predict or beyond our control. these risks and uncertainties, together with other factors described elsewhere in this report, have the potential to affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, strategies or prospects in a material and adverse manner.
risks related to our business and our industry public health issues such as a major epidemic or pandemic could adversely affect our business or financial results.
the u.s. and other countries have experienced, and may experience in the future, outbreaks of contagious diseases that affect public health and public perception of health risk. in december 2019, c-19 emerged in the wuhan region of china and subsequently spread worldwide. the world health organization declared c-19 a pandemic, resulting in federal, state and local governments and private entities mandating various restrictions, requiring closure of non-essential businesses for a period of time. in almost all of the municipalities across the u.s. where we operate, residential construction and financial services have been deemed essential businesses as part of critical infrastructure, and we have continued our homebuilding, lot development and financial services operations in those markets where allowed. we implemented operational protocols to comply with social distancing and other health and safety standards as required by federal, state and local government agencies, taking into consideration guidelines of the centers for disease control and prevention and other public health authorities.
our results of operations are affected by economic conditions, including macroeconomic conditions and levels of business confidence and consumer confidence. there is significant uncertainty regarding the extent to which and how long c-19 and its related effects will impact the u.s. economy and level of employment, capital markets, secondary mortgage markets, consumer confidence, demand for our homes and availability of mortgage loans to homebuyers. the extent to which c-19 impacts our operational and financial performance will depend on future developments, including the duration and spread of c-19 and the impact on our customers, trade partners and employees, all of which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. if c-19 has a significant negative impact on economic conditions over a prolonged period of time, our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely impacted.
the homebuilding and lot development industries are cyclical and affected by changes in economic, real estate or other conditions that could adversely affect our business or financial results.
the homebuilding and lot development industries are cyclical and are significantly affected by changes in general and local economic and real estate conditions, such as:
•employment levels;
•consumer confidence and spending;
•housing demand;
•availability of financing for homebuyers;
•interest rates;
•availability and prices of new homes for sale and alternatives to new homes, including foreclosed homes, homes held for sale by investors and speculators, other existing homes and rental properties; and
•demographic trends.
adverse changes in these general and local economic conditions or deterioration in the broader economy would cause a negative impact on our business and financial results and increase the risk for asset impairments and writeoffs. changes in these economic conditions may affect some of our regions or markets more than others. if adverse conditions affect our larger markets, they could have a proportionately greater impact on us than on some other homebuilding companies.
in the past, the federal government's fiscal and trade policies and economic stimulus actions have created uncertainty in the financial markets and caused volatility in interest rates, which impacted business and consumer behavior. monetary policy actions affecting interest rates or fiscal policy actions and new legislation related to taxation, spending levels or borrowing limits, along with the related political debates, conflicts and compromises associated with such actions, may negatively impact the financial markets and consumer confidence. such events could hurt the u.s. economy and the housing market and in turn, could adversely affect the operating results of our businesses.
weather conditions and natural disasters, such as hurricanes, tornadoes, earthquakes, volcanic activity, droughts and floods, heavy or prolonged precipitation or wildfires, can harm our business. these can delay our development work, home construction and home closings, adversely affect the cost or availability of materials or labor or damage homes under construction. the climates and geology of many of the states in which we operate, including california, florida, texas and other coastal areas, where we have some of our larger operations and which have experienced recent natural disasters, present increased risks of adverse weather or natural disasters.
deployments of u.s. military personnel to foreign regions, terrorist attacks, other acts of violence or threats to national security and any corresponding response by the united states or others, domestic or international instability or civil unrest may cause an economic slowdown in the markets where we operate, which could adversely affect our business.
if we experience any of the foregoing, potential customers may be less willing or able to buy our homes. in the future, our pricing and product strategies may also be limited by market conditions. we may be unable to change the mix of our home offerings, reduce the costs of the homes we build, offer more affordable homes or satisfactorily address changing market conditions in other ways without adversely affecting our profits and returns. in addition, cancellations of home sales contracts in backlog may increase if homebuyers do not honor their contracts due to any of the factors discussed above.
our financial services business is closely related to our homebuilding business, as it originates mortgage loans principally to purchasers of the homes we build. a decrease in the demand for our homes because of the foregoing matters will also adversely affect the financial results of this segment of our business. an increase in the default rate on the mortgages we originate may adversely affect our ability to sell the mortgages or the pricing we receive upon the sale of mortgages or may increase our recourse obligations for previous originations. we may be responsible for losses associated with mortgage loans originated and sold to third-party purchasers in the event of errors or omissions relating to certain representations and warranties that the loans sold meet certain requirements, including representations as to underwriting standards, the type of collateral, the existence of primary mortgage insurance, and the validity of certain borrower representations in the connection with the loan, and we may be required to repurchase certain of those mortgage loans or provide indemnification. repurchased mortgage loans and/or the settlement of claims associated with such loans could adversely affect our business or financial results. we establish reserves for estimated losses and future repurchase obligations for mortgage loans we have sold; however, actual future obligations related to these mortgages could differ significantly from our current estimated amounts.
constriction of the credit and public capital markets could limit our ability to access capital and increase our costs of capital.
during past economic and housing downturns, the credit markets constricted and reduced some sources of liquidity that were previously available to us. consequently, we relied principally on our cash on hand to meet our working capital needs and repay outstanding indebtedness during those times. there likely will be periods in the future when financial market upheaval will increase our cost of capital or limit our ability to access the public debt markets or obtain bank financing.
our homebuilding operations utilize a $1.59 billion 5-year senior unsecured revolving credit facility with an uncommitted accordion feature that could increase the size of the facility to $2.5 billion, subject to certain conditions and availability of additional bank commitments. our 5-year homebuilding revolving credit facility also provides for the issuance of letters of credit with a sublimit equal to 100% of the revolving credit commitment. the maturity date of the 5-year facility is october 2, 2024. we also have a $375 million 364-day senior unsecured homebuilding revolving credit facility with an uncommitted accordion feature that could increase the size of the facility to $550 million, subject to certain conditions and availability of additional bank commitments. the maturity date of the 364-day facility is may 27, 2021. forestar and its subsidiaries, our financial services subsidiaries, and certain of our other subsidiaries are not guarantors under our homebuilding revolving credit facilities or our homebuilding senior notes.
forestar has a $380 million senior unsecured revolving credit facility with an uncommitted accordion feature that could increase the size of the facility to $570 million, subject to certain conditions and availability of additional bank commitments. the forestar revolving credit facility also provides for the issuance of letters of credit with a sublimit equal to the greater of $100 million and 50% of the revolving credit commitment. the maturity date of the facility is october 2, 2022. the forestar revolving credit facility is guaranteed by forestar's wholly-owned subsidiaries that are not immaterial subsidiaries or have not been designated as unrestricted subsidiaries. the forestar revolving credit facility is not guaranteed by us or our other subsidiaries.
our mortgage subsidiary utilizes a $1.35 billion mortgage repurchase facility to finance the majority of the loans it originates. the capacity of the facility increased, without requiring additional commitments, to $1.575 billion for approximately 45 days around september 30, 2020 and increases again for approximately 30 days around december 31, 2020. the capacity can also be increased to $1.8 billion subject to the availability of additional commitments. the mortgage repurchase facility must be renewed annually and currently expires on february 19, 2021. we expect to renew and extend the term of the mortgage repurchase facility with similar terms prior to its maturity. adverse changes in market conditions could make the renewal of these facilities more difficult or could result in an increase in the cost of these facilities or a decrease in the committed amounts. such changes affecting our mortgage repurchase facility may also make it more difficult or costly to sell the mortgages that we originate.
we regularly assess our projected capital requirements to fund growth in our business, repay debt obligations, pay dividends, repurchase our common stock and support other general corporate and operational needs, and we regularly evaluate our opportunities to raise additional capital. d.r. horton has an automatically effective universal shelf registration statement filed with the sec in august 2018, registering debt and equity securities that may be issued from time to time in amounts to be determined. forestar also has an effective shelf registration statement filed with the sec in september 2018, registering $500 million of equity securities. at september 30, 2020, $394.3 million remained available, and $100 million of this availability is reserved for sales under forestar's at-the-market equity offering program established in august 2020. as market conditions permit, we may issue new debt or equity securities through the capital markets or obtain additional bank financing to fund our projected capital requirements or provide additional liquidity. we believe that our existing cash resources, revolving credit facilities, mortgage repurchase facility and ability to access the capital markets or obtain additional financing will provide sufficient liquidity to fund our near-term working capital needs and debt obligations, including the maturity of $400 million aggregate principal amount of our homebuilding senior notes in fiscal 2021. adverse changes in economic, homebuilding or capital market conditions due to c-19 or otherwise could negatively affect our business, liquidity and financial results, restrict our ability to obtain additional capital or increase our costs of capital.
reductions in the availability of mortgage financing provided by government agencies, changes in government financing programs, a decrease in our ability to sell mortgage loans on attractive terms or an increase in mortgage interest rates could decrease our buyers' ability to obtain financing and adversely affect our business or financial results.
the mortgage loans originated by our financial services operations are primarily eligible for sale to fannie mae, freddie mac or ginnie mae and are typically sold to third-party purchasers. the secondary market for mortgage loans continues to primarily desire securities backed by fannie mae, freddie mac or ginnie mae, and we believe the liquidity these agencies provide to the mortgage industry is important to the housing market. any significant change regarding the long-term structure and viability of fannie mae and freddie mac could result in adjustments to the size of their loan portfolios and to guidelines for their loan products. additionally, a reduction in the availability of financing provided by these institutions could adversely affect interest rates, mortgage availability and sales of new homes and mortgage loans. during fiscal 2020, approximately 66% of our mortgage loans were sold directly to fannie mae or into securities backed by ginnie mae and 28% were sold to two other major financial entities. on an ongoing basis, we seek to establish loan purchase arrangements with additional financial entities. if we are unable to sell mortgage loans to purchasers on attractive terms, our ability to originate and sell mortgage loans at competitive prices could be limited, which would negatively affect our profitability.
the fha insures mortgage loans that generally have lower credit requirements and is an important source for financing the sale of our homes. changes, restrictions or significant premium increases in fha programs in the future may negatively affect the availability or affordability of fha financing, which could adversely affect our ability to sell homes.
some of our customers may qualify for 100% financing through programs offered by the va and the usda and certain other housing finance agencies. these programs are subject to changes in regulations, lending standards and government funding levels. there can be no assurances that these programs or other programs will continue to be available in our homebuilding markets or that they will be as attractive to our customers as the programs currently offered, which could negatively affect our sales.
mortgage rates are currently low compared to most historical periods; however, market conditions could change causing mortgage rates to rise in the future. when interest rates increase, the cost of owning a home increases, which will likely reduce the number of potential homebuyers who can obtain mortgage financing and could result in a decline in the demand for our homes.
in the latter part of fiscal 2020, due to reduced liquidity in the secondary market related to remedies provided in the coronavirus aid, relief, and economic security act (cares act) to borrowers of residential loans, we began retaining mortgage servicing rights on some of our originations. as servicer for these loans, we may have to advance payments to the mortgage-backed securities (mbs) bondholders to the extent there are insufficient collections to satisfy the required principal and interest remittances of the underlying mortgage-backed securities.
the risks associated with our land and lot inventory could adversely affect our business or financial results.
inventory risks are substantial for our homebuilding and forestar businesses. there are risks inherent in controlling, owning and developing land. if housing demand declines, we may not be able to build and sell homes profitably in some of our communities, and we may not be able to fully recover the costs of some of the land and lots we own. also, the values of our owned undeveloped land, lots and housing inventories may fluctuate significantly due to changes in market conditions. as a result, our deposits for lots controlled under purchase contracts may be put at risk, we may have to sell homes or land for a lower profit margin or record inventory impairment charges on our land and lots. a significant deterioration in economic or homebuilding industry conditions may result in substantial inventory impairment charges.
we cannot make any assurances that our growth strategies, acquisitions or investments will be successful or will not expose us to additional risks or other negative consequences.
in recent years, we have primarily grown our business by increasing our investments in land, lot and home inventories in our existing homebuilding markets. we have also expanded through investments in new product offerings, new geographic markets, and the growth of our multi-family rental property operations. investments in land, lots, home inventories and rental properties can expose us to risks of economic loss and asset impairments if housing conditions weaken or if we are unsuccessful in implementing our growth strategies.
in october 2017, we acquired 75% of the outstanding shares of forestar and at september 30, 2020, we owned 65% of its outstanding shares. forestar is a publicly traded residential lot development company with operations in 49 markets across 21 states as of september 30, 2020. forestar's strategy is focused on making significant investments in land acquisition and development to expand its residential lot development business across a geographically diversified national platform and consolidating market share in the fragmented u.s. lot development industry. our homebuilding divisions acquire finished lots from forestar in accordance with the master supply agreement between the two companies, and we provide forestar certain administrative, compliance, operational and procurement services through a shared services agreement. as the controlling shareholder of forestar, we strongly influence the strategic direction and operations of forestar.
in addition to the investment and merger with forestar, we have acquired the homebuilding operations of several homebuilding companies in recent years, and we may make strategic acquisitions of or investments in other companies, operations or assets in the future. such acquisitions and investments may have risks similar to those related to land, lots and home inventories, but they may also expose us to additional risks or other negative consequences. these transactions may not advance our business strategy, provide a satisfactory return on our investment or provide other benefits we anticipate. also, the integration of these transactions may not be successful and may require significant time and resources, which may divert management's attention from other operations. acquisitions and investments could also expose us to material liabilities not discovered in the due diligence process and may lead to litigation. if these transactions under-perform our expectations or are unsuccessful, we may incur significant expenses or write-offs of inventory, other assets or intangible assets such as goodwill. acquisitions and investments can result in dilution to existing stockholders if we issue our common stock as consideration and can increase our debt levels or reduce our liquidity if we purchase them with cash. the magnitude, timing and nature of any future acquisitions or investments will depend on a number of factors, including our ability to identify suitable additional markets or acquisition candidates, the negotiation of acceptable terms, our financial position and general economic and business conditions. we also may seek to divest an investment or a business and may have difficulty selling such investment or business on acceptable terms in a timely manner.
our business and financial results could be adversely affected by significant inflation, higher interest rates or deflation.
inflation can adversely affect us by increasing costs of land, materials and labor. in addition, significant inflation is often accompanied by higher interest rates, which have a negative impact on housing affordability. in a highly inflationary environment, depending on industry and other economic conditions, we may be precluded from raising home prices enough to keep up with the rate of inflation, which could reduce our profit margins. moreover, in a highly inflationary environment, our cost of capital, labor and materials can increase and the purchasing power of our cash resources can decline, which could have an adverse impact on our business or financial results.
alternatively, a significant period of deflation could cause a decrease in overall spending and borrowing levels. this could lead to deterioration in economic conditions, including an increase in the rate of unemployment. deflation could also cause the value of our inventories to decline or reduce the value of existing homes below the related mortgage loan balance, which could potentially increase the supply of existing homes. if oil prices decline significantly, economic conditions in markets that have significant exposure to the energy sector may weaken. these, or other factors that increase the risk of significant deflation, could have a negative impact on our business or financial results.
homebuilding is subject to home warranty and construction defect claims in the ordinary course of business that can be significant.
we are subject to home warranty and construction defect claims arising in the ordinary course of our homebuilding business. we rely on subcontractors to perform the actual construction of our homes, and in many cases, to select and obtain construction materials. despite our detailed specifications and monitoring of the construction process, our subcontractors occasionally do not meet adequate quality standards in the construction of our homes. when we find these issues, we repair them in accordance with our warranty obligations. we spend significant resources to repair items in homes we have sold to fulfill the warranties we issued to our homebuyers. additionally, we are subject to construction defect claims which can be costly to defend and resolve in the legal system. warranty and construction defect matters can also result in negative publicity in the media and on the internet, which can damage our reputation and adversely affect our ability to sell homes.
based on the large number of homes we have sold over the years, our potential liabilities related to warranty and construction defect claims are significant. as a consequence, we maintain product liability insurance, and we seek to obtain indemnities and certificates of insurance from subcontractors covering claims related to their workmanship and materials. we establish warranty and other reserves for the homes we sell based on historical experience in our markets and our judgment of the qualitative risks associated with the types of homes built. because of the uncertainties inherent to these matters, we cannot provide assurance that our insurance coverage, our subcontractor arrangements and our reserves will be adequate to address all of our future warranty and construction defect claims. contractual indemnities can be difficult to enforce, we may be responsible for applicable self-insured retentions and some types of claims may not be covered by insurance or may exceed applicable coverage limits. additionally, the coverage offered by and the availability of product liability insurance for construction defects is limited and costly. we have responded to increases in insurance costs and coverage limitations by increasing our self-insured retentions and claim reserves. there can be no assurance that coverage will not be further restricted or become more costly. if costs to resolve our future warranty and construction defect claims exceed our estimates, our financial results and liquidity could be adversely affected.
a health and safety incident relating to our operations could be costly in terms of potential liability and reputational damage.
building and land development sites are inherently dangerous, and operating in the homebuilding and lot development industries poses certain inherent health and safety risks. due to health and safety regulatory requirements and the number of homes we construct, health and safety performance is critical to the success of our business. any failure in health and safety performance may result in penalties for non-compliance with relevant regulatory requirements, and a failure that results in a major or significant health and safety incident is likely to be costly and could expose us to liability that could be costly. such an incident could generate significant negative publicity and have a corresponding impact on our reputation, our relationships with relevant regulatory agencies or governmental authorities, and our ability to attract customers and employees, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our financial results and liquidity.
supply shortages and other risks related to acquiring land, building materials and skilled labor could increase our costs and delay deliveries.
the homebuilding and lot development industries have from time to time experienced significant difficulties that can affect the cost or timing of construction, including:
•difficulty in acquiring land suitable for residential building at affordable prices in locations where our potential customers want to live;
•shortages of qualified subcontractors;
•reliance on local subcontractors, manufacturers, distributors and land developers who may be inadequately capitalized;
•shortages of materials; and
•significant increases in the cost of materials, particularly increases in the price of lumber, drywall and cement, which are significant components of home construction costs.
in addition, tariffs, duties and/or trade restrictions imposed or increased on imported materials and goods that are used in connection with the construction and delivery of our homes, including steel, aluminum and lumber, may raise our costs for these items or for the products made with them. these factors may cause construction delays or cause us to incur more costs building our homes. if the level of new home demand increases significantly in future periods, the risk of shortages and cost increases in residential lots, labor and materials available to the homebuilding industry will likely increase.
we are required to obtain performance bonds, the unavailability of which could adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows.
we often are required to provide surety bonds to secure our performance or obligations under construction contracts, development agreements and other arrangements. at september 30, 2020, we had $1.8 billion of outstanding surety bonds. our ability to obtain surety bonds primarily depends upon our credit rating, financial condition, past performance and other factors, including the capacity of the surety market and the underwriting practices of surety bond issuers. the ability to obtain surety bonds also can be impacted by the willingness of insurance companies to issue performance bonds for construction and development activities. if we are unable to obtain surety bonds when required, our results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected.
increases in the costs of owning a home could prevent potential customers from buying our homes and adversely affect our business or financial results.
significant expenses of owning a home, including mortgage loan interest and state and local income and property taxes, have historically been deductible expenses for an individual's federal income taxes, subject to various limitations. the tax cuts and jobs act, which became effective january 1, 2018, established new limits on these federal tax deductions that could reduce the actual or perceived affordability of homeownership. these or any further changes in income tax laws by the federal or state government to eliminate or substantially reduce income tax benefits associated with homeownership, could adversely affect demand for and sales prices of new homes, especially in areas with relatively high housing prices or high taxes.
in addition, increases in property tax rates by local governmental authorities, as experienced in some areas in response to reduced federal and state funding, could adversely affect the amount of financing our potential customers could obtain or their desire to purchase new homes.
governmental regulations and environmental matters could increase the cost and limit the availability of our land development and homebuilding projects and adversely affect our business or financial results.
we are subject to extensive and complex regulations that affect land development and home construction, including zoning, density restrictions, building design and building standards. these regulations often provide broad discretion to the administering governmental authorities as to the conditions we must meet prior to development or construction being approved, if approved at all. we are subject to determinations by these authorities as to the adequacy of water or sewage facilities, roads or other local services. new housing developments may also be subject to various assessments for schools, parks, streets and other public improvements. in addition, in many markets government authorities have implemented no growth or growth control initiatives. any of these may limit, delay or increase the costs of development or home construction.
we are also subject to a significant number and variety of local, state and federal laws and regulations concerning protection of health, safety, labor standards and the environment. the impact of environmental laws varies depending upon the prior uses of the building site or adjoining properties and may be greater in areas with less supply where undeveloped land or desirable alternatives are less available. these matters may result in delays, may cause us to incur substantial compliance, remediation, mitigation and other costs, and can prohibit or severely restrict development and homebuilding activity in environmentally sensitive regions or areas. government agencies also routinely initiate audits, reviews or investigations of our business practices to ensure compliance with these laws and regulations, which can cause us to incur costs or create other disruptions in our business that can be significant. for example, we have received notices of violation from the united states environmental protection agency related to stormwater compliance at certain of our sites in our southeast region. this matter could potentially result in requirements for us to perform additional compliance procedures and to pay monetary sanctions.
government restrictions, standards, or regulations intended to reduce greenhouse gas emissions or potential climate change impacts are likely to result in restrictions on land development in certain areas and may increase energy, transportation, or raw material costs, which could reduce our profit margins and adversely affect our results of operations. this is a particular concern in the western united states, where some of the most extensive and stringent environmental laws and residential building construction standards in the country have been enacted, and where we have business operations.
the subcontractors we rely on to perform the actual construction of our homes are also subject to a significant number of local, state and federal laws and regulations, including laws involving matters that are not within our control. if the subcontractors who construct our homes fail to comply with all applicable laws, we can suffer reputational damage, and may be exposed to possible liability.
we are also subject to an extensive number of laws and regulations because our common stock and debt securities and the common stock of our forestar subsidiary are publicly traded in the capital markets. these regulations govern our communications with our shareholders and the capital markets, our financial statement disclosures and our legal processes, and they also impact the work required to be performed by our independent registered public accounting firm and our legal counsel. changes in these laws and regulations, including the subsequent implementation of rules by the administering government authorities, may require us to incur additional compliance costs, and such costs may be significant.
governmental regulation of our financial services operations could adversely affect our business or financial results.
our financial services operations are subject to extensive state and federal laws and regulations, which are administered by numerous agencies, including but not limited to the cfpb, federal housing finance agency, u.s. department of housing and urban development, fha, va, usda, fannie mae, freddie mac and ginnie mae. these laws and regulations include many compliance requirements, including but not limited to licensing, consumer disclosures, fair lending and real estate settlement procedures. as a result, our operations are subject to regular, extensive examinations by the applicable agencies. additional future regulations or changing rule interpretations and examinations by regulatory agencies may result in more stringent compliance standards and could adversely affect the results of our operations.
homebuilding, lot development and financial services are competitive industries, and competitive conditions could adversely affect our business or financial results.
the homebuilding and lot development industries are highly competitive. homebuilders compete not only for homebuyers, but also for desirable properties, financing, raw materials and skilled labor. we compete with local, regional and national homebuilders and developers, and also with existing home sales, foreclosures and rental properties. the competitive conditions in the homebuilding industry can negatively affect our sales volumes, selling prices and incentive levels, reduce our profit margins, and cause the value of our inventory or other assets to be impaired. competition can also affect our ability to acquire suitable land, raw materials and skilled labor at acceptable prices or terms, or cause delays in land development or in the construction of our homes.
the competitors to our financial services businesses include other title companies and mortgage lenders, including national, regional and local mortgage banks and other financial institutions. some of these competitors are subject to fewer governmental regulations and have greater access to capital than we do, and some of them may operate with different lending criteria than we do. these competitors may offer a broader or more attractive array of financing and other products and services to potential customers than we do.
our businesses compete with other companies across all industries to attract and retain highly skilled and experienced employees, managers and executives. competition for the services of these individuals increases as business conditions improve in the homebuilding, lot development and financial services industries and in the general economy. if we are unable to attract and retain key employees, managers or executives, our business could be adversely affected.
risks related to our indebtedness we have significant amounts of debt and may incur additional debt, which could affect our financial health and our ability to raise additional capital to fund our operations or potential acquisitions.
as of september 30, 2020, our consolidated debt was $4.3 billion, which consisted of $2.5 billion related to our homebuilding segment, $1.1 billion related to our financial services segment and $641.1 million related to our forestar segment. we had $1.6 billion principal amount of our debt maturing before the end of fiscal 2021, including $400 million principal amount of homebuilding senior notes and $1.1 billion outstanding under the mortgage repurchase facility. the indentures governing our homebuilding senior notes do not restrict the incurrence of future unsecured debt by us or our homebuilding subsidiaries or the incurrence of secured or unsecured debt by our non-guarantor subsidiaries, and the agreements governing our homebuilding revolving credit facilities allow us to incur a substantial amount of future unsecured debt. also, the indentures governing our homebuilding senior notes and the agreements governing our homebuilding revolving credit facilities impose restrictions on our ability and on that of the guarantors under our homebuilding senior notes and our homebuilding revolving credit facilities to incur debt secured by certain assets, but still permit us and our homebuilding subsidiaries to incur significant amounts of additional secured debt. the forestar revolving credit facility and the indentures governing forestar's senior notes impose restrictions on the ability of forestar and its restricted subsidiaries to incur secured and unsecured debt, but still permit forestar and its subsidiaries to incur a substantial amount of future secured and unsecured debt, and do not restrict the incurrence of future secured and unsecured debt by forestar's unrestricted subsidiaries.
the amount and the maturities of our debt and the debt of our subsidiaries could have important consequences. for example, possible consequences for our homebuilding, financial services and forestar operations each with respect to their individual debt obligations, could:
•require the dedication of a substantial portion of cash flow from operations to payment of debt and reduce the ability to use cash flow for other operating or investing purposes;
•limit the flexibility to adjust to changes in business or economic conditions; and
•limit the ability to obtain future financing for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements or other requirements.
servicing our debt requires a significant amount of cash, and we or our subsidiaries may not have sufficient cash flow from our respective businesses to pay our substantial debt.
our ability and that of our subsidiaries to meet our respective debt service obligations will depend, in part, upon our and our subsidiaries' future financial performance. future results are subject to the risks and uncertainties described in this report. our revenues and earnings vary with the level of general economic activity in the markets we serve. our businesses are also affected by financial, political, business and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. the factors that affect our ability to generate cash can also affect our ability to raise additional funds for these purposes through the sale of debt or equity, the refinancing of debt or the sale of assets. changes in prevailing interest rates may affect the cost of our debt service obligations, because borrowings under our revolving credit facilities and mortgage repurchase facility bear interest at floating rates.
the instruments governing our and our subsidiaries' indebtedness impose certain restrictions on our and our subsidiaries' business, and the ability of us and our subsidiaries to comply with related covenants, restrictions or limitations could adversely affect our and our subsidiaries' financial condition or operating flexibility.
the restrictions imposed by our and certain of our subsidiaries' indebtedness could limit our or our subsidiaries' ability to plan for or react to market or economic conditions or meet capital needs or otherwise restrict our activities or business plans and adversely affect our or our subsidiaries' ability to finance our operations, acquisitions, investments or strategic alliances or other capital needs or to engage in other business activities that would be in our interest.
the agreements governing our indebtedness contain restrictions on our and our guarantor subsidiaries' ability to, among other things, engage in sale and leaseback transactions with respect to certain assets, incur secured debt, create liens, pay dividends and make other distributions on or redeem or repurchase equity securities, sell certain assets and engage in mergers, consolidations or sales of all or substantially all of our assets. the instruments governing forestar's indebtedness contain restrictions on the ability of forestar and certain of its subsidiaries to, among other things, incur additional indebtedness, create liens, pay dividends and make other distributions on or redeem or repurchase equity securities, sell certain assets, enter into affiliate transactions and engage in mergers, consolidations or sales of all or substantially all of forestar's assets.
in addition, the agreements governing certain of our and our subsidiaries' debt instruments contain the following financial covenants:
homebuilding revolving credit facilities. our homebuilding revolving credit facilities contain financial covenants requiring the maintenance of a maximum allowable leverage ratio and a borrowing base restriction if our leverage ratio exceeds a certain level. a failure to comply with these financial covenants could allow the lending banks to terminate the availability of funds under the revolving credit facilities or cause any outstanding borrowings to become due and payable prior to maturity.
forestar's revolving credit facility. the forestar revolving credit facility contains financial covenants requiring the maintenance by forestar of a minimum level of tangible net worth, a minimum level of liquidity, a maximum allowable leverage ratio and a borrowing base restriction based on the book value of forestar's real estate assets and unrestricted cash. a failure to comply with these financial covenants could allow the lending banks to terminate the availability of funds under this revolving credit facility or cause any outstanding borrowings to become due and payable prior to maturity.
mortgage repurchase facility and other restrictions. the mortgage repurchase facility for our mortgage subsidiary requires the maintenance of a minimum level of tangible net worth, a maximum allowable leverage ratio and a minimum level of liquidity by our mortgage subsidiary. a failure to comply with these requirements could allow the lending banks to terminate the availability of funds to our mortgage subsidiary or cause any outstanding borrowings to become due and payable prior to maturity. any difficulty experienced in complying with these covenants could make the renewal of the facility more difficult or costly.
in addition, although our financial services business is conducted through subsidiaries that are not restricted by the indentures governing our senior notes or the agreements governing our revolving credit facilities, the ability of our financial services subsidiaries to distribute funds to our homebuilding operations would be restricted in the event such distribution would cause an event of default under the mortgage repurchase facility or if an event of default had occurred under this facility. moreover, our right to receive assets from our financial services subsidiaries upon their liquidation or recapitalization is subject to the prior claims of the creditors of these subsidiaries. any claims we may have to funds from our financial services subsidiaries would be subordinate to subsidiary indebtedness to the extent of any security for such indebtedness and to any indebtedness otherwise recognized as senior to our claims.
our access to capital and our ability to obtain additional financing could be affected by any downgrade of our debt ratings.
our homebuilding senior unsecured debt is currently rated investment grade by all three major rating agencies; however, there can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain these ratings. any lowering of our debt ratings could make accessing the public capital markets or obtaining additional credit from banks more difficult and/or more expensive. any lowering of forestar's debt ratings could also make forestar's ability to access the public capital markets or obtain additional credit from banks more difficult and/or more expensive.
the instruments governing our indebtedness contain change of control provisions which could affect the timing of repayment.
change of control purchase options under our homebuilding senior notes and change of control default under our homebuilding revolving credit facilities. upon the occurrence of both a change of control and a ratings downgrade event, each as defined in the indentures governing our homebuilding senior notes, we will be required to offer to repurchase such notes at 101% of their principal amount, together with all accrued and unpaid interest, if any. moreover, a change of control (as defined in our homebuilding revolving credit facilities) would constitute an event of default under our homebuilding revolving credit facilities, which could result in the acceleration of the repayment of any borrowings outstanding under the facilities, a requirement to cash collateralize all letters of credit outstanding thereunder and the termination of the commitments thereunder. if repayment of more than $50 million outstanding under our homebuilding revolving credit facilities were accelerated and such acceleration were not rescinded or such indebtedness were not satisfied, in either case within 30 days, an event of default would result under the indentures governing our homebuilding senior notes, entitling the trustee for the notes or holders of at least 25% in principal amount of the relevant series of notes then outstanding to declare all such notes to be due and payable immediately. if purchase offers were required under the indentures for our homebuilding senior notes, repayment of the borrowings under our homebuilding revolving credit facilities were required, or if the senior notes were accelerated, we can give no assurance that we would have sufficient funds to pay the required amounts.
change of control purchase option under forestar's notes and change of control default under the forestar revolving credit facility. upon the occurrence of a change of control triggering event (as defined in the indentures governing forestar's notes), forestar will be required to offer to repurchase forestar's notes at 101% of their principal amount, together with all accrued and unpaid interest, if any. a change of control (as defined in the forestar revolving credit facility) with respect to forestar would constitute an event of default under the forestar revolving credit facility, which could result in the acceleration of the repayment of any borrowings outstanding under the facility, a requirement to cash collateralize all letters of credit outstanding thereunder and the termination of the commitments thereunder. if the maturity of the forestar revolving credit facility and/or other indebtedness of forestar and its restricted subsidiaries together having an aggregate principal amount outstanding of $40 million or more is accelerated, an event of default would result under the indentures governing the forestar notes, entitling the trustee for the forestar notes or holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding forestar notes to declare all such forestar notes to be due and payable immediately. if purchase offers were required under the indentures for forestar's notes, repayment of the borrowings under forestar's revolving credit facility were required, or if forestar's notes were accelerated, we can give no assurance that forestar would have sufficient funds to pay the required amounts.
general risk factors damage to our corporate reputation or brands from negative publicity could adversely affect our business, financial results and/or stock price.
adverse publicity related to our company, industry, personnel, operations or business performance may cause damage to our corporate reputation or brands and may generate negative sentiment, potentially affecting the performance of our business or our stock price, regardless of its accuracy or inaccuracy. negative publicity can be disseminated rapidly through digital platforms, including social media, websites, blogs and newsletters. customers and other interested parties value readily available information and often act on such information without further investigation and without regard to its accuracy. the harm may be immediate without affording us an opportunity for redress or correction, and our success in preserving our brand image depends on our ability to recognize, respond to and effectively manage negative publicity in a rapidly changing environment. adverse publicity or unfavorable commentary from any source could damage our reputation, reduce the demand for our homes or negatively impact the morale and performance of our employees, which could adversely affect our business.
our business could be adversely affected by the loss of key personnel.
we rely on our key personnel to effectively operate and manage our businesses. specifically, our success depends heavily on the performance of our homebuilding division and region presidents and their management teams, our financial services management team, our corporate office management teams, our forestar management team and our executive officers. these key personnel have significant experience and skills in the homebuilding, lot development and financial services industries, as well as leadership and management abilities that are important to our success. we seek to retain our key personnel and to have succession plans in place to address the potential loss of key personnel. however, if our retention and succession planning efforts are unsuccessful or if we fail to attract suitable replacements, the loss of key personnel could adversely affect our business.
information technology failures, data security breaches, and the failure to satisfy privacy and data protection laws and regulations could harm our business.
we use information technology and other computer resources to carry out important operational and marketing activities and to maintain our business records. these information technology systems are dependent upon global communications providers, web browsers, third-party software and data storage providers and other aspects of the internet infrastructure that have experienced security breaches, cyber-attacks, significant systems failures and service outages in the past. our normal business activities involve collecting and storing information specific to our homebuyers, employees, vendors and suppliers and maintaining operational and financial information related to our business, both in an office setting and remote locations as needed. a material breach in the security of our information technology systems or other data security controls could include the theft or release of this information. a data security breach, a significant and extended disruption in the functioning of our information technology systems or a breach of any of our data security controls could disrupt our business operations, damage our reputation and cause us to lose customers, adversely impact our sales and revenue and require us to incur significant expense to address and remediate or otherwise resolve these kinds of issues. the unintended or unauthorized disclosure of personal identifying and confidential information as a result of a security breach could also lead to litigation or other proceedings against us by the affected individuals or business partners, or by regulators. the outcome of such proceedings, which could include penalties or fines, could have a significant negative impact on our business.
we may also be required to incur significant costs to protect against damages caused by information technology failures, security breaches, and the failure to satisfy privacy and data protection laws and regulations in the future as legal requirements continue to increase. the european union and other international regulators, as well as state governments, have recently enacted or enhanced data privacy regulations, such as the california consumer privacy act, and other governments are considering establishing similar or stronger protections. these regulations impose certain obligations for handling specified personal information in our systems, and for apprising individuals of the information we have collected about them. we have incurred costs in an effort to comply with these requirements, and our costs may increase significantly if new requirements are enacted and based on how individuals exercise their rights. any noncompliance could result in our incurring substantial penalties and reputational damage, and also could result in litigation.
we provide employee awareness training of cybersecurity threats and routinely utilize information technology security experts to assist us in our evaluations of the effectiveness of the security of our information technology systems, and we regularly enhance our security measures to protect our systems and data. our increased use of remote work environments and virtual platforms in response to c-19 may also increase our risk of cyber-attack or data security breaches. we use various encryption, tokenization and authentication technologies to mitigate cybersecurity risks and have increased our monitoring capabilities to enhance early detection and rapid response to potential cyber threats. however, because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade systems change frequently and often are not recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. consequently, we cannot provide assurances that a security breach, cyber-attack, data theft or other significant systems or security failures will not occur in the future, and such occurrences could have a material and adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations or financial position.
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations results of operations - overview fiscal 2020 operating results in fiscal 2020, our number of homes closed and home sales revenues increased 15% and 16%, respectively, compared to the prior year, and our consolidated revenues increased 15% to $20.3 billion compared to $17.6 billion in the prior year. our pre-tax income was $3.0 billion in fiscal 2020 compared to $2.1 billion in fiscal 2019, and our pre-tax operating margin was 14.7% compared to 12.1%. net income was $2.4 billion in fiscal 2020 compared to $1.6 billion in the prior year. the current year results include a tax benefit of $93.4 million related to the retroactive reinstatement of the federal energy efficient homes tax credit.
cash provided by our homebuilding operations was $1.9 billion in fiscal 2020 compared to $1.4 billion in fiscal 2019. in fiscal 2020, our return on equity (roe) was 22.1% compared to 17.2% in fiscal 2019, and our homebuilding return on inventory (roi) was 24.6% compared to 18.1%. roe is calculated as net income attributable to d.r. horton for the year divided by average stockholders' equity, where average stockholders' equity is the sum of ending stockholders' equity balances of the trailing five quarters divided by five. homebuilding roi is calculated as homebuilding pre-tax income for the year divided by average inventory, where average inventory is the sum of ending homebuilding inventory balances for the trailing five quarters divided by five.
within our homebuilding land and lot portfolio, our lots controlled under purchase contracts represent 70% of the lots owned and controlled at september 30, 2020 compared to 60% at september 30, 2019. our relationship with forestar and expanded relationships with other land developers across the country have allowed us to increase the controlled portion of our finished lot pipeline.
covid-19
during the latter part of march 2020, the impacts of c-19 and the related widespread reductions in economic activity across the united states began to adversely affect our business. however, residential construction and financial services were designated as essential businesses in almost all of our markets, which allowed us to continue to operate during that time. we implemented operational protocols to comply with social distancing and other health and safety standards as required by federal, state and local government agencies, taking into consideration guidelines of the centers for disease control and prevention and other public health authorities.
during april 2020 when restrictive stay-at-home orders were in place for many markets across the united states, we experienced increases in sales cancellations and decreases in sales orders, and net sales orders for april were 1% lower than the same month in the prior year. however, as economic activity began to resume and restrictive orders began to be lifted, our weekly sales pace increased significantly, and our cancellation rate returned to normal levels. for the third and fourth quarters of fiscal 2020, our net sales orders increased by 38% and 81%, respectively, compared to the prior year quarters.
we believe the increase in demand in the second half of the year was fueled by increased buyer urgency due to lower interest rates on mortgage loans, the limited supply of homes at affordable price points across most of our markets and to some extent the lower levels of home sales from mid-march through early april, which caused some pent-up demand. we were and remain well positioned for increased demand with our affordable product offerings, lot supply and housing inventory.
however, even with the resurgence of demand in our third and fourth quarters, we remain cautious as to the ongoing impact of c-19 on our operations and on the overall economy. there is significant uncertainty regarding the extent to which and how long c-19 and its related effects will impact the u.s. economy and level of employment, capital markets, secondary mortgage markets, consumer confidence, demand for our homes and availability of mortgage loans to homebuyers. the extent to which this impacts our operational and financial performance will depend on future developments, including the duration and spread of c-19 and the impact on our customers, trade partners and employees, all of which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted.
we believe our strong balance sheet and liquidity position provide us with the flexibility to operate effectively through changing economic conditions. we plan to continue to generate strong cash flows from our homebuilding operations and manage our product offerings, incentives, home pricing, sales pace and inventory levels to optimize the return on our inventory investments in each of our communities based on local housing market conditions.
strategy our operating strategy focuses on enhancing long-term value to our shareholders by leveraging our financial and competitive position in our core homebuilding business to increase the returns on our inventory investments and generate strong profitability and cash flows, while managing risk and maintaining financial flexibility to navigate changing economic conditions and make opportunistic strategic investments. we have made operational adjustments as a result of c-19; however, our strategy remains consistent and includes the following initiatives:
•developing and retaining highly experienced and productive teams of personnel throughout our company that are aligned and focused on continuous improvement in our operational execution and financial performance.
•maintaining a strong cash balance and overall liquidity position and controlling our level of debt.
•allocating and actively managing our inventory investments across our operating markets to diversify our geographic risk.
•offering new home communities that appeal to a broad range of entry-level, move-up, active adult and luxury homebuyers based on consumer demand in each market.
•modifying product offerings, sales pace, home prices and sales incentives as necessary in each of our markets to meet consumer demand and maintain affordability.
•delivering high quality homes and a positive experience to our customers both during and after the sale.
•managing our inventory of homes under construction relative to demand in each of our markets including starting construction on unsold homes to capture new home demand and actively controlling the number of unsold, completed homes in inventory.
•investing in land and land development in desirable markets, while controlling the level of land and lots we own in each market relative to the local new home demand.
•continuing to seek opportunities to expand the portion of our land and finished lots controlled through purchase contracts by assisting forestar with its operations and expanding our relationships with land developers across the country.
•controlling the cost of goods purchased from both vendors and subcontractors.
•improving the efficiency of our land development, construction, sales and other key operational activities.
•controlling our selling, general and administrative (sg&a) expense infrastructure to match production levels.
•opportunistically evaluating potential acquisitions to enhance our operations and improve returns.
•ensuring that our financial services business provides high quality mortgage and title services to homebuyers efficiently and effectively.
•investing in the construction of single-family and multi-family rental properties to meet rental demand in high growth suburban markets and selling these properties profitably.
we believe our operating strategy, which has produced positive results in recent years, will allow us to successfully operate through changing economic conditions to maintain and improve our financial and competitive position. however, we cannot provide any assurances that the initiatives listed above will continue to be successful, and we may need to adjust components of our strategy to meet future market conditions.
key results key financial results as of and for our fiscal year ended september 30, 2020, as compared to fiscal 2019, were as follows:
homebuilding:
•homebuilding revenues increased 15% to $19.6 billion compared to $17.0 billion.
•homes closed increased 15% to 65,388 homes, and the average closing price of those homes was $299,100.
•net sales orders increased 39% to 78,458 homes, and the value of net sales orders increased 40% to $23.6 billion.
•sales order backlog increased 96% to 26,683 homes, and the value of sales order backlog increased 98% to $8.2 billion.
•home sales gross margin was 21.8% compared to 20.2%.
•homebuilding sg&a expense was 8.2% of homebuilding revenues compared to 8.7%.
•homebuilding pre-tax income was $2.7 billion compared to $1.9 billion.
•homebuilding pre-tax income was 13.6% of homebuilding revenues compared to 11.2%.
•homebuilding return on inventory was 24.6% compared to 18.1%.
•cash provided by homebuilding operations was $1.9 billion compared to $1.4 billion.
•homebuilding cash and cash equivalents totaled $2.6 billion compared to $1.0 billion.
•homebuilding inventories totaled $11.0 billion compared to $10.3 billion.
•homes in inventory totaled 38,000 compared to 27,700.
•owned lots totaled 112,600 compared to 121,400, and lots controlled through purchase contracts increased to 264,300 from 185,900.
•homebuilding debt was $2.5 billion compared to $2.0 billion.
•homebuilding debt to total capital was 17.5% compared to 17.0%.
forestar:
•forestar's revenues increased 118% to $931.8 million compared to $428.3 million. revenues in fiscal 2020 and 2019 included $887.4 million and $326.6 million, respectively, of revenue from land and lot sales to our homebuilding segment.
•forestar's lots sold increased 151% to 10,373 compared to 4,132. lots sold to d.r. horton totaled 10,164 compared to 3,728.
•forestar's pre-tax income was $78.1 million compared to $45.7 million.
•forestar's pre-tax income was 8.4% of forestar revenues compared to 10.7%.
•forestar's cash and cash equivalents totaled $394.3 million compared to $382.8 million.
•forestar's inventories totaled $1.3 billion compared to $1.0 billion.
•forestar's owned and controlled lots totaled 60,500 compared to 38,300. of these lots, 30,400 were under contract to sell to or subject to a right of first offer with d.r. horton compared to 23,400.
•forestar's debt was $641.1 million compared to $460.5 million.
•forestar's debt to total capital was 42.4% compared to 36.3%.
financial services:
•financial services revenues increased 32% to $584.9 million compared to $441.7 million.
•financial services pre-tax income increased 47% to $245.2 million compared to $166.3 million.
•financial services pre-tax income was 41.9% of financial services revenues compared to 37.6%.
consolidated results:
•consolidated pre-tax income increased 40% to $3.0 billion compared to $2.1 billion.
•consolidated pre-tax income was 14.7% of consolidated revenues compared to 12.1%.
•income tax expense was $602.5 million compared to $506.7 million.
•net income attributable to d.r. horton increased 47% to $2.4 billion compared to $1.6 billion.
•diluted net income per common share attributable to d.r. horton increased 49% to $6.41 compared to $4.29.
•cash provided by operations was $1.4 billion compared to $892.1 million.
•stockholders' equity was $11.8 billion compared to $10.0 billion.
•book value per common share increased to $32.53 compared to $27.20.
•debt to total capital was 26.6% compared to 25.3%.
results of operations - homebuilding our operating segments are our 53 homebuilding divisions, our majority-owned forestar lot development operations, our financial services operations and our other business activities. the homebuilding operating segments are aggregated into six reporting segments. these reporting segments, which we also refer to as reporting regions, have homebuilding operations located in the following states:
east:                delaware, georgia (savannah only), maryland, new jersey, north carolina, pennsylvania, south carolina and virginia midwest:             colorado, illinois, indiana, iowa, minnesota and ohio southeast:           alabama, florida, georgia, mississippi and tennessee south central:       louisiana, oklahoma and texas southwest:           arizona and new mexico west:                california, hawaii, nevada, oregon, utah and washington the following tables and related discussion set forth key operating and financial data for our homebuilding operations by reporting segment as of and for the fiscal years ended september 30, 2020 and 2019. for similar operating and financial data and discussion of our fiscal 2019 results compared to our fiscal 2018 results, refer to item 7, "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" under part ii of our annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2019, which was filed with the sec on november 25, 2019.
net sales orders (1)
year ended september 30, net homes sold                                                                 value (in millions)                                                               average selling price
2020                                     2019                       %                       2020   2019                                                 %                       2020   2019                                                 %
change                                                                              change                                                                              change east                                10,621                   7,941                 34    %               $3,202.1                      $2,291.1                        40    %               $301,500                      $288,500                         5    %
midwest                              5,010                   3,224                 55    %                1,794.8                       1,127.8                        59    %                358,200                       349,800                         2    %
southeast                           25,216                  18,609                 36    %                6,995.1                       5,011.2                        40    %                277,400                       269,300                         3    %
south central                       23,289                  16,278                 43    %                5,978.5                       4,123.5                        45    %                256,700                       253,300                         1    %
southwest                            4,180                   2,797                 49    %                1,219.0       750.6                                          62    %                291,600                       268,400                         9    %
west                                10,142                   7,716                 31    %                4,416.8                       3,539.2                        25    %                435,500                       458,700                       (5)    %
78,458                  56,565                 39    %              $23,606.3                     $16,843.4                        40    %               $300,900                      $297,800                         1    %
_____________
(1)net sales orders represent the number and dollar value of new sales contracts executed with customers (gross sales orders), net of cancelled sales orders.
sales order cancellations year ended september 30, cancelled sales orders                                              value (in millions)                                 cancellation rate (1)
2020                          2019                           2020                              2019                    2020                          2019
east                                 2,722                         2,155                    $779.6                            $607.3                      20    %                       21    %
midwest                              1,027                           680                     338.0                             229.2                      17    %                       17    %
southeast                            6,750                         5,410                   1,856.8                           1,444.4                      21    %                       23    %
south central                        6,140                         4,751                   1,583.6                           1,193.2                      21    %                       23    %
southwest                              899                           969                     253.2                             247.0                      18    %                       26    %
west                                 1,628                         1,323                     717.7                             614.0                      14    %                       15    %
19,166                        15,288                  $5,528.9                          $4,335.1                      20    %                       21    %
_____________
(1)cancellation rate represents the number of cancelled sales orders divided by gross sales orders.
32
net sales orders the number of net sales orders increased 39% during 2020 compared to 2019, with significant increases in all of our regions. the value of net sales orders increased 40% to $23.6 billion (78,458 homes) in 2020 from $16.8 billion (56,565 homes) in 2019. the average selling price of net sales orders during fiscal 2020 was $300,900, up 1% from the prior year.
the markets contributing most to the increases in sales volumes in our regions were as follows: the carolina markets (particularly myrtle beach and charlotte) in the east; the denver, minneapolis and indiana markets in the midwest; the florida markets (particularly tampa) in the southeast; the houston and dallas markets in the south central; the phoenix market in the southwest; and the california and nevada markets in the west.
our sales order cancellation rate (cancelled sales orders divided by gross sales orders for the period) was 20% in 2020 compared to 21% in 2019.
the increase in our sales orders reflects the increase in demand for our homes in the second half of the year fueled by increased buyer urgency due to lower interest rates on mortgage loans, the limited supply of homes at affordable price points across most of our markets and to some extent the lower levels of home sales from mid-march through early april, which caused some pent-up demand.
sales order backlog as of september 30, homes in backlog                                                                    value (in millions)                                                               average selling price
2020                                        2019                          %                          2020                          2019                          %                       2020   2019                                                 %
change                                                                                 change                                                                              change east                                 3,583                      1,916                    87    %                  $1,137.4                        $576.1                        97    %               $317,400                      $300,700                         6    %
midwest                              2,016                      1,063                    90    %                     731.5                         364.7                       101    %                362,800                       343,100                         6    %
southeast                            8,256                      4,277                    93    %                   2,378.5                       1,219.5                        95    %                288,100                       285,100                         1    %
south central                        7,913                      4,166                    90    %                   2,076.9                       1,084.0                        92    %                262,500                       260,200                         1    %
southwest                            2,005                        815                   146    %                     596.2                         241.6                       147    %                297,400                       296,400                         -    %
west                                 2,910                      1,376                   111    %                   1,265.1                         654.2                        93    %                434,700                       475,400                       (9)    %
26,683                     13,613                    96    %                  $8,185.6                      $4,140.1                        98    %               $306,800                      $304,100                         1    %
sales order backlog sales order backlog represents homes under contract but not yet closed at the end of the period. many of the contracts in our sales order backlog are subject to contingencies, including mortgage loan approval and buyers selling their existing homes, which can result in cancellations. a portion of the contracts in backlog will not result in closings due to cancellations.
homes closed and home sales revenue year ended september 30, homes closed                                                                    value (in millions)                                                               average selling price
2020                                     2019                       %                          2020   2019                                                 %                       2020   2019                                                 %
change                                                                                 change                                                                              change east                                 8,954                   7,928                 13    %                  $2,640.8                      $2,285.0                        16    %               $294,900                      $288,200                         2    %
midwest                              4,057                   3,193                 27    %                   1,428.0                       1,113.8                        28    %                352,000                       348,800                         1    %
southeast                           21,237                  18,553                 14    %                   5,836.1                       4,964.0                        18    %                274,800                       267,600                         3    %
south central                       19,542                  16,604                 18    %                   4,985.6                       4,191.3                        19    %                255,100                       252,400                         1    %
southwest                            2,990                   2,910                  3    %                     864.4       760.6                                          14    %                289,100                       261,400                        11    %
west                                 8,608                   7,787                 11    %                   3,805.9                       3,610.3                         5    %                442,100                       463,600                       (5)    %
65,388                  56,975                 15    %                 $19,560.8                     $16,925.0                        16    %               $299,100                      $297,100                         1    %
home sales revenue revenues from home sales increased 16% to $19.6 billion (65,388 homes closed) in 2020 from $16.9 billion (56,975 homes closed) in 2019. home sales revenues increased in all of our regions primarily due to an increase in the number of homes closed.
the number of homes closed in fiscal 2020 increased 15% from 2019. the markets contributing most to the increase in closing volumes in our regions were as follows: the new jersey, myrtle beach and charlotte markets in the east; the denver and indianapolis markets in the midwest; the florida markets (particularly tampa) in the southeast; the houston, dallas and san antonio markets in the south central; the tucson market in the southwest; and the portland and southern california markets in the west.
homebuilding operating margin analysis percentages of related revenues year ended september 30,
2020                                2019
gross profit - home sales                                        21.8     %                          20.2     %
gross profit - land/lot sales and other                          29.8     %                          18.3     %
inventory and land option charges                               (0.1)     %                         (0.3)     %
gross profit - total homebuilding                                21.7     %                          19.9     %
selling, general and administrative expense                       8.2     %                           8.7     %
other (income)                                                  (0.1)     %                         (0.1)     %
homebuilding pre-tax income                                      13.6     %                          11.2     %
home sales gross profit gross profit from home sales increased to $4.3 billion in 2020 from $3.4 billion in 2019 and increased 160 basis points to 21.8% as a percentage of home sales revenues. the percentage increase resulted from improvements of 150 basis points due to a decrease in the average cost of our homes closed while the average selling price increased slightly, 20 basis points from a decrease in the amount of purchase accounting adjustments related to prior year acquisitions and 10 basis points due to a decrease in the amortization of capitalized interest, partially offset by increased warranty and construction defect costs of 20 basis points.
we remain focused on managing the pricing, incentives and sales pace in each of our communities to optimize the returns on our inventory investments and adjust to local market conditions and new home demand. these actions could cause our gross profit margins to fluctuate in future periods. if a prolonged economic recession and a resulting decline in new home demand occur due to c-19 or otherwise, we would expect our gross profit margins to decline from current levels.
land/lot sales and other revenues land/lot sales and other revenues from our homebuilding operations were $83.1 million and $91.9 million in fiscal 2020 and 2019, respectively. we continually evaluate our land and lot supply, and fluctuations in revenues and profitability from land sales occur based on how we manage our inventory levels in various markets. we generally purchase land and lots with the intent to build and sell homes on them. however, some of the land that we purchase includes commercially zoned parcels that we may sell to commercial developers. we may also sell residential lots or land parcels to manage our supply or for other strategic reasons. as of september 30, 2020, our homebuilding operations had $28.3 million of land held for sale that we expect to sell in the next twelve months.
inventory and land option charges at the end of each quarter, we review the performance and outlook for all of our communities and land inventories for indicators of potential impairment and perform detailed impairment evaluations and analyses when necessary. as of september 30, 2020, we performed detailed impairment evaluations of communities with a combined carrying value of $36.1 million and determined that no communities were impaired. homebuilding impairment charges during fiscal 2020 and 2019 were $1.7 million and $24.9 million, respectively.
as we manage our inventory investments across our operating markets to optimize returns and cash flows, we may modify our pricing and incentives, construction and development plans or land sale strategies in individual active communities and land held for development, which could result in the affected communities being evaluated for potential impairment. if the housing market or economic conditions are adversely affected for a prolonged period due to c-19 or otherwise, we may be required to evaluate additional communities for potential impairment. these evaluations could result in additional impairment charges that could be significant.
during fiscal 2020 and 2019, earnest money and pre-acquisition cost write-offs related to land purchase contracts that we have terminated or expect to terminate were $21.2 million and $28.3 million, respectively.
selling, general and administrative (sg&a) expense sg&a expense from homebuilding activities increased 8% to $1.6 billion in fiscal 2020 from $1.5 billion in fiscal 2019. sg&a expense as a percentage of homebuilding revenues was 8.2% and 8.7% in fiscal 2020 and 2019, respectively.
employee compensation and related costs represented 75% of sg&a costs in fiscal 2020 compared to 72% in fiscal 2019. these costs increased 13% to $1.2 billion in 2020 from $1.1 billion in 2019. our homebuilding operations employed 7,281 and 6,810 employees at september 30, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
we attempt to control our sg&a costs while ensuring that our infrastructure adequately supports our operations; however, we cannot make assurances that we will be able to maintain or improve upon the current sg&a expense as a percentage of revenues.
interest incurred we capitalize interest costs incurred to inventory during active development and construction (active inventory). capitalized interest is charged to cost of sales as the related inventory is delivered to the buyer. interest incurred by our homebuilding operations decreased 11% to $93.0 million in fiscal 2020 from $104.7 million in fiscal 2019. the decrease was due to lower average interest rates on our homebuilding debt, as well as a 2% decrease in our average homebuilding debt in fiscal 2020 compared to the prior year. interest charged to cost of sales was 0.8% and 0.9% of total cost of sales (excluding inventory and land option charges) in fiscal 2020 and 2019, respectively.
other income other income, net of other expenses, included in our homebuilding operations was $11.7 million in fiscal 2020 compared to $9.5 million in fiscal 2019. other income consists of interest income, rental income and various other types of ancillary income, gains, expenses and losses not directly associated with sales of homes, land and lots. the activities that result in this ancillary income are not significant, either individually or in the aggregate.
business acquisition in october 2020, we acquired the homebuilding operations of braselton homes for approximately $23 million in cash. braselton homes operates in corpus christi, texas. the assets acquired included approximately 90 homes in inventory, 95 lots and control of approximately 840 additional lots through purchase contracts. we also acquired a sales order backlog of approximately 125 homes.
homebuilding results by reporting region year ended september 30,
2020                                                                                      2019
homebuilding                     homebuilding                    % of                     homebuilding                     homebuilding                    % of revenues                          pre-tax                revenues                         revenues                          pre-tax                revenues income (1)                                                                                income (1)
(in millions)
east                                $2,642.3                           $357.0                      13.5    %                  $2,290.2                           $238.8                      10.4    %
midwest                              1,429.0                            128.8                       9.0    %                   1,123.1                             57.7                       5.1    %
southeast                            5,845.2                            841.0                      14.4    %                   4,977.8                            584.7                      11.7    %
south central                        4,998.1                            758.0                      15.2    %                   4,202.4                            551.1                      13.1    %
southwest                              881.6                            136.9                      15.5    %                     772.6                            100.4                      13.0    %
west                                 3,847.7                            443.3                      11.5    %                   3,650.8                            378.0                      10.4    %
$19,643.9                         $2,665.0                      13.6    %                 $17,016.9                         $1,910.7                      11.2    %
_____________
(1)expenses maintained at the corporate level consist primarily of interest and property taxes, which are capitalized and amortized to cost of sales or expensed directly, and the expenses related to operating our corporate office. the amortization of capitalized interest and property taxes is allocated to each segment based on the segment's cost of sales, while expenses associated with the corporate office are allocated to each segment based on the segment's inventory balances.
east region - homebuilding revenues increased 15% in fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019, primarily due to increases in the number of homes closed in our new jersey, myrtle beach and charlotte markets. the region generated pre-tax income of $357.0 million in 2020 compared to $238.8 million in 2019. gross profit from home sales as a percentage of home sales revenue (home sales gross profit percentage) increased by 250 basis points in 2020 compared to 2019, due to an increase in the average selling price of homes closed and a decrease in the average cost of those homes. as a percentage of homebuilding revenues, sg&a expenses decreased by 50 basis points in 2020 compared to 2019, primarily due to the increase in homebuilding revenues.
midwest region - homebuilding revenues increased 27% in fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019, primarily due to increases in the number of homes closed in our denver and indianapolis markets. the region generated pre-tax income of $128.8 million in 2020 compared to $57.7 million in 2019. home sales gross profit percentage increased by 270 basis points in 2020 compared to 2019, due to decreases in purchase accounting adjustments in the current year related to the acquisitions of westport homes and classic builders. as a percentage of homebuilding revenues, sg&a expenses decreased by 110 basis points in 2020 compared to 2019, primarily due to the increase in homebuilding revenues.
southeast region - homebuilding revenues increased 17% in fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019, primarily due to increases in the number of homes closed in all of our markets. the region generated pre-tax income of $841.0 million in 2020 compared to $584.7 million in 2019. home sales gross profit percentage increased by 220 basis points in 2020 compared to 2019, primarily due to the average selling price of homes closed increasing by more than the average cost of those homes. as a percentage of homebuilding revenues, sg&a expenses decreased by 40 basis points in 2020 compared to 2019, primarily due to the increase in homebuilding revenues.
south central region - homebuilding revenues increased 19% in fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019, primarily due to increases in the number of homes closed in our houston, dallas and san antonio markets. the region generated pre-tax income of $758.0 million in 2020 compared to $551.1 million in 2019. home sales gross profit percentage increased by 130 basis points in 2020 compared to 2019, primarily due to an increase in the average selling price of homes closed and a decrease in the average cost of those homes. as a percentage of homebuilding revenues, sg&a expenses decreased by 70 basis points in 2020 compared to 2019, primarily due to the increase in homebuilding revenues.
southwest region - homebuilding revenues increased 14% in fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019, primarily due to increases in the average selling price of homes closed in all markets. the region generated pre-tax income of $136.9 million in 2020 compared to $100.4 million in 2019. home sales gross profit percentage increased by 190 basis points in 2020 compared to 2019, primarily due to the average selling price of homes closed increasing by more than the average cost of those homes. as a percentage of homebuilding revenues, sg&a expenses decreased by 40 basis points in 2020 compared to 2019, primarily due to the increase in homebuilding revenues.
west region - homebuilding revenues increased 5% in fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019, due to increases in the number of homes closed in our portland, southern california, las vegas and spokane markets, partially offset by decreases in the average selling price of homes closed in many markets. the region generated pre-tax income of $443.3 million in 2020 compared to $378.0 million in 2019. home sales gross profit percentage decreased by 10 basis points in 2020 compared to 2019, primarily due to the average selling price of homes closed decreasing by more than the average cost of those homes. the region also benefited from lower inventory and land option charges, which were $4.3 million in 2020 compared to $24.2 million in 2019. as a percentage of homebuilding revenues, sg&a expenses decreased by 60 basis points in 2020 compared to 2019, primarily due to the increase in homebuilding revenues.
homebuilding inventories, land and lot position and homes in inventory we routinely enter into contracts to purchase land or developed residential lots at predetermined prices on a defined schedule commensurate with planned development or anticipated new home demand. at the time of purchase, the undeveloped land is generally vested with the rights to begin development or construction work, and we plan and coordinate the development of our land into residential lots for use in our homebuilding business. we manage our inventory of owned land and lots and homes under construction relative to demand in each of our markets, including starting construction on unsold homes to capture new home demand and actively controlling the number of unsold, completed homes in inventory.
our homebuilding segment's inventories at september 30, 2020 and 2019 are summarized as follows:
september 30, 2020
construction in progress and                    residential land/lots developed                        land held                  land held                     total inventory finished homes                              and under development                  for development                   for sale
(in millions)
east                                               $785.3                                            $531.2                                  $5.5                         $6.3                          $1,328.3
midwest                                             497.0                                             459.0                                   1.8                          0.7                             958.5
southeast                                         1,655.5                                           1,231.5                                  32.3                          0.6                           2,919.9
south central                                     1,596.3                                           1,282.3                                   0.3                          1.0                           2,879.9
southwest                                           244.2                                             449.7                                   1.6                          0.3                             695.8
west                                              1,137.3                                             847.1                                   5.7                         19.0                           2,009.1
corporate and unallocated (1)                       121.9                                             100.6                                   0.6                          0.4                             223.5
$6,037.5                                          $4,901.4                                 $47.8                        $28.3                         $11,015.0
september 30, 2019
construction in progress and                    residential land/lots developed                        land held                  land held                     total inventory finished homes                              and under development                  for development                   for sale
(in millions)
east                                               $697.1                                            $581.2                                 $10.5                           $-                          $1,288.8
midwest                                             473.9                                             361.1                                   1.8                            -                             836.8
southeast                                         1,434.7                                           1,299.9                                  31.8                          1.6                           2,768.0
south central                                     1,215.4                                           1,317.5                                   0.3                            -                           2,533.2
southwest                                           221.8                                             335.6                                   1.6                         15.4                             574.4
west                                              1,089.0                                             950.6                                  13.9                          2.5                           2,056.0
corporate and unallocated (1)                       117.1                                             110.2                                   0.8                          0.3                             228.4
$5,249.0                                          $4,956.1                                 $60.7                        $19.8                         $10,285.6
_____________
(1)corporate and unallocated inventory consists primarily of capitalized interest and property taxes.
our homebuilding segment's land and lot position and homes in inventory at september 30, 2020 and 2019 are summarized as follows:
september 30, 2020
land/lotsowned (1)                  lots controlled under                  total land/lots                  homes ininventory (4)
land and lot purchase                        owned and contracts (2)(3)                       controlled east                                   11,300                                 50,500                           61,800                                  4,900
midwest                                 8,000                                 17,800                           25,800                                  2,600
southeast                              28,700                                 95,700                          124,400                                 11,500
south central                          40,100                                 65,200                          105,300                                 12,600
southwest                               7,200                                  7,600                           14,800                                  1,800
west                                   17,300                                 27,500                           44,800                                  4,600
112,600                                264,300                          376,900                                 38,000
30                                          %                           70         %                      100       %
september 30, 2019
land/lotsowned (1)                  lots controlled under                  total land/lots                  homes ininventory (4)
land and lot purchase                        owned and contracts (2)(3)                       controlled east                                   11,000                                 30,500                           41,500                                  3,900
midwest                                 8,300                                 10,900                           19,200                                  2,200
southeast                              34,800                                 73,300                          108,100                                  8,900
south central                          41,600                                 51,400                           93,000                                  7,900
southwest                               6,700                                  5,800                           12,500                                  1,300
west                                   19,000                                 14,000                           33,000                                  3,500
121,400                                185,900                          307,300                                 27,700
40                                          %                           60         %                      100       %
_____________
(1)land/lots owned include approximately 33,800 and 36,100 owned lots that are fully developed and ready for home construction at september 30, 2020 and 2019, respectively. land/lots owned also include land held for development representing 1,600 and 1,700 lots at september 30, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
(2)the total remaining purchase price of lots controlled through land and lot purchase contracts at september 30, 2020 and 2019 was $9.9 billion and $7.2 billion, respectively, secured by earnest money deposits of $653.4 million and $515.4 million, respectively. the total remaining purchase price of lots controlled through land and lot purchase contracts at september 30, 2020 and 2019 included $1.0 billion and $953.8 million, respectively, related to lot purchase contracts with forestar, secured by $98.2 million and $88.7 million, respectively, of earnest money.
(3)lots controlled at september 30, 2020 include approximately 30,400 lots owned or controlled by forestar, 14,000 of which our homebuilding divisions have under contract to purchase and 16,400 of which our homebuilding divisions have a right of first offer to purchase. of these, approximately 15,400 lots were in our southeast region, 5,000 lots were in our south central region, 4,200 lots were in our west region, 2,600 lots were in our east region, 2,000 lots were in our southwest region and 1,200 lots were in our midwest region. lots controlled at september 30, 2019 included approximately 23,400 lots owned or controlled by forestar, 12,800 of which our homebuilding divisions had under contract to purchase and 10,600 of which our homebuilding divisions had a right of first offer to purchase.
(4)approximately 14,900 and 16,000 of our homes in inventory were unsold at september 30, 2020 and 2019, respectively. at september 30, 2020, approximately 1,900 of our unsold homes were completed, of which approximately 300 homes had been completed for more than six months. at september 30, 2019, approximately 5,200 of our unsold homes were completed, of which approximately 800 homes had been completed for more than six months. homes in inventory exclude approximately 1,800 and 1,900 model homes at september 30, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
results of operations - forestar in october 2017, we acquired 75% of the outstanding shares of forestar and at september 30, 2020, we owned 65% of its outstanding shares. forestar is a publicly traded residential lot development company with operations in 49 markets across 21 states as of september 30, 2020. forestar's segment results are presented on their historical cost basis, consistent with the manner in which management evaluates segment performance. (see note b for additional forestar segment information and purchase accounting adjustments.)
results of operations for the forestar segment for the fiscal years ended september 30, 2020 and 2019 were as follows.
year ended september 30,
2020                            2019
(in millions)
residential land and lot sales                                       $928.9                          $407.5
commercial tract sales                                                  2.5                            18.5
other                                                                   0.4                             2.3
total revenues                                                        931.8                           428.3
cost of sales                                                         813.7                           362.7
selling, general and administrative expense                            45.7                            28.9
equity in earnings of unconsolidated entities                         (0.7)                           (0.5)
gain on sale of assets                                                (0.1)                           (3.0)
other (income) expense                                                (4.9)                           (5.5)
income before income taxes                                            $78.1                           $45.7
at september 30, 2020, forestar owned directly or controlled through land and lot purchase contracts approximately 60,500 residential lots, of which approximately 5,000 are fully developed. approximately 30,400 of these lots are under contract to sell to d.r. horton or subject to a right of first offer under the master supply agreement with d.r. horton. approximately 400 of these lots are under contract to sell to other builders.
residential land and lot sales primarily consist of the sale of single-family lots to local, regional and national homebuilders. during fiscal 2020 and 2019, forestar's land and lot sales, including the portion sold to d.r. horton and the revenues generated from those sales, were as follows.
year ended september 30,
2020   2019
($ in millions)
total residential single-family lots sold                                     10,373                           4,132
residential single-family lots sold to d.r. horton                            10,164                           3,728
residential lot sales revenues from sales to d.r. horton                      $861.8                          $315.7
residential tract acres sold to d.r. horton                                      143        290
residential land sales revenues from sales to d.r. horton                      $25.6                           $10.9
sg&a expense for fiscal 2020 and 2019 includes charges of $5.0 million and $2.1 million, respectively, related to the shared services agreement between forestar and d.r. horton whereby d.r. horton provides forestar with certain administrative, compliance, operational and procurement services.
results of operations - financial services the following tables and related discussion set forth key operating and financial data for our financial services operations, comprising dhi mortgage and our subsidiary title companies, for the fiscal years ended september 30, 2020 and 2019.
year ended september 30,
2020                       2019                   % change number of first-lien loans originated or brokered by dhi mortgage for d.r. horton homebuyers                      44,600                     33,024                    35    %
number of homes closed by d.r. horton                                                                             65,388                     56,975                    15    %
percentage of d.r. horton homes financed by dhi mortgage                                                         68    %                    58    %
number of total loans originated or brokered by dhi mortgage for d.r. horton homebuyers                           44,738                     33,114                    35    %
total number of loans originated or brokered by dhi mortgage                                                      46,010                     33,827                    36    %
captive business percentage                                                                                      97    %                    98    %
loans sold by dhi mortgage to third parties                                                                       44,423                     32,849                    35    %
year ended september 30,
2020                        2019                   % change
(in millions)
loan origination fees                                                                 $3.0                       $11.7                      (74)    %
sale of servicing rights and gains from sale of mortgage loans                       437.2                       319.4                        37    %
other revenues                                                                        36.5                        24.4                        50    %
total mortgage operations revenues                                                   476.7                       355.5                        34    %
title policy premiums                                                                108.2                        86.2                        26    %
total revenues                                                                       584.9                       441.7                        32    %
general and administrative expense                                                   364.7                       293.0                        24    %
other (income) expense                                                              (25.0)                      (17.6)                        42    %
financial services pre-tax income                                                   $245.2                      $166.3                        47    %
financial services operating margin analysis percentages of financial services revenues year ended september 30,
2020                                2019
general and administrative expense                      62.4     %                          66.3     %
other (income) expense                                 (4.3)     %                         (4.0)     %
financial services pre-tax income                       41.9     %                          37.6     %
mortgage loan activity the volume of loans originated by our mortgage operations is directly related to the number of homes closed by our homebuilding operations. in fiscal 2020, the volume of first-lien loans originated or brokered by dhi mortgage for our homebuyers increased 35% from the prior year, due to an increase in the percentage of homes closed for which dhi mortgage handled the homebuyers' financing, as well a 15% increase in the number of homes closed by our homebuilding operations. the percentage of homes closed for which dhi mortgage handled the homebuyers' financing was 68% in fiscal 2020 compared to 58% in the prior year. the increase in this percentage was primarily due to the company's program to offer below market interest rates to d.r. horton homebuyers, expanded coverage in certain markets and increased efficiencies resulting from technology advances.
homes closed by our homebuilding operations constituted 97% and 98% of dhi mortgage loan originations in fiscal 2020 and 2019, respectively. these percentages reflect dhi mortgage's consistent focus on the captive business provided by our homebuilding operations.
the number of loans sold increased 35% in fiscal 2020 compared to the prior year. virtually all of the mortgage loans held for sale on september 30, 2020 were eligible for sale to fannie mae, freddie mac or ginnie mae. during fiscal 2020, approximately 66% of our mortgage loans were sold directly to fannie mae or into securities backed by ginnie mae and 28% were sold to two other major financial entities. changes in market conditions could result in a greater concentration of our mortgage sales in future periods to fewer financial entities and directly to fannie mae or ginnie mae, and we may need to make other adjustments to our mortgage operations.
due to the disruption in the secondary mortgage markets beginning in late march 2020 caused by c-19 and the uncertainty of the impact of the cares act, many financial entities began offering lower pricing and limiting their purchases of our mortgages and servicing rights. as a result of the rapid decline in servicing values at the end of march, we began retaining the servicing rights on a portion of our loan originations. servicing values have since improved, and we expect to sell these rights to third parties.
financial services revenues and expenses revenues from our mortgage operations increased 34% to $476.7 million in fiscal 2020 from $355.5 million in fiscal 2019, primarily due to a 36% increase in loan originations. during the fourth quarter, due to better clarity related to the cares act, pricing and execution in the secondary market improved from the previous nine months ended june 30, 2020, which caused revenues in the fourth quarter to increase at a higher rate than origination volume. revenues from our title operations increased 26% to $108.2 million in fiscal 2020 from $86.2 million in fiscal 2019, primarily due to a 28% increase in escrow closings.
general and administrative (g&a) expense related to our financial services operations increased 24% to $364.7 million in fiscal 2020 from $293.0 million in the prior year. the increase was primarily due to an increase in employee related costs to support a higher volume of transactions. our financial services operations employed 2,163 and 1,924 employees at september 30, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
as a percentage of financial services revenues, g&a expense was 62.4% in fiscal 2020 compared to 66.3% in the prior year. fluctuations in financial services g&a expense as a percentage of revenues occur because some components of revenue fluctuate differently than loan volumes, and some expenses are not directly related to mortgage loan volume or to changes in the amount of revenue earned.
other income, net of other expense, included in our financial services operations consists primarily of the interest income of our mortgage subsidiary.
as a result of the revenue increases from higher volumes of mortgage originations and escrow closings, which also allowed us to better leverage our g&a expenses, pre-tax income from our financial services operations increased 47% to $245.2 million in fiscal 2020 from $166.3 million in fiscal 2019.
results of operations - other businesses the combined pre-tax income of all of our subsidiaries engaged in other business activities was $55.1 million in fiscal 2020 compared to $55.5 million in fiscal 2019. income generated by our other businesses can vary significantly based on the timing of sales of multi-family rental properties.
through dhi communities, a 100% owned subsidiary, we develop, construct and own multi-family residential properties that produce rental income. dhi communities is primarily focused on constructing garden style multi-family communities, which typically accommodate 200 to 400 dwelling units, in high growth suburban markets. after dhi communities has completed construction and achieved a stabilized level of leased occupancy, the property is typically marketed for sale. during fiscal 2020 and 2019, dhi communities sold multi-family rental properties for a total of $128.5 million and $133.4 million, respectively, and recorded gains on sale totaling $59.4 million and $51.9 million. dhi communities had five projects under active construction and one project that was substantially complete at september 30, 2020. these six projects represent 1,730 multi-family units, including 1,430 units under active construction and 300 completed units.
results of operations - consolidated income before income taxes pre-tax income was $3.0 billion in fiscal 2020 compared to $2.1 billion in fiscal 2019. the increase was primarily due to an increase in pre-tax income generated by our homebuilding operations as a result of higher revenues from increased home closings and an increase in home sales gross margin. in fiscal 2020, our homebuilding, financial services and other businesses generated pre-tax income of $2.7 billion, $245.2 million and $55.1 million, respectively, compared to pre-tax income of $1.9 billion, $166.3 million and $55.5 million, respectively, in fiscal 2019.
income taxes our income tax expense was $602.5 million and $506.7 million in fiscal 2020 and 2019, respectively, and our effective tax rate was 20.2% and 23.8% in those years. the effective tax rate for fiscal 2020 includes a tax benefit of $93.4 million from the enactment of the taxpayer certainty and disaster tax relief act of 2019 (the act). the act retroactively reinstated the federal energy efficient homes tax credit that expired on december 31, 2017 to homes closed from january 1, 2018 to december 31, 2020. the effective tax rate for fiscal 2020 also includes a tax benefit of $11.2 million related to the release of a valuation allowance against our state deferred tax assets. the effective tax rates for both years include an expense for state income taxes, reduced by tax benefits related to stock-based compensation.
our deferred tax assets, net of deferred tax liabilities, were $152.4 million at september 30, 2020 compared to $181.8 million at september 30, 2019. we have a valuation allowance of $7.5 million and $18.7 million at september 30, 2020 and 2019, respectively, related to state deferred tax assets for net operating loss (nol) carryforwards that are more likely than not to expire before being realized. the decrease in the valuation allowance is primarily attributable to our determination that we will have sufficient future taxable income in certain state tax jurisdictions to realize a portion of our state nol carryforwards. we will continue to evaluate both the positive and negative evidence in determining the need for a valuation allowance with respect to our remaining state nol carryforwards. any reversal of the valuation allowance in future periods will impact our effective tax rate.
d.r. horton has $15.8 million of tax benefits for state nol carryforwards that expire at various times depending on the tax jurisdiction. of the total amount, $5.4 million of the tax benefits expire over the next ten years and the remaining $10.4 million expires from fiscal years 2031 to 2040. forestar has $1.7 million of tax benefits for state nol carryforwards that expire at various times depending on the tax jurisdiction.
the accounting for deferred taxes is based upon estimates of future results. differences between the anticipated and actual outcomes of these future results could have a material impact on our consolidated results of operations or financial position. also, changes in existing federal and state tax laws and tax rates could affect future tax results and the valuation of our deferred tax assets.
unrecognized tax benefits are the differences between tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return and the benefits recognized in our financial statements. our unrecognized tax benefits totaled $8.9 million at september 30, 2020 and were insignificant at september 30, 2019.
d.r. horton is subject to federal income tax and state income tax in multiple jurisdictions. the statute of limitations for d.r. horton's major tax jurisdictions remains open for examination for fiscal years 2017 through 2020. d.r. horton is not currently under audit for federal income tax, but is under audit by various states. we are not aware of any significant findings by the state taxing authorities.
forestar is subject to federal income tax and state income tax in multiple jurisdictions. the statute of limitations for forestar's major tax jurisdictions remains open for examination for tax years 2016 through 2020. forestar is not currently under audit for federal or state income taxes.
capital resources and liquidity we have historically funded our operations with cash flows from operating activities, borrowings under bank credit facilities and the issuance of new debt securities. our current levels of cash, borrowing capacity and balance sheet leverage provide us with the operational flexibility to adjust to changes in economic and market conditions. we remain cautious as to the ongoing impact of c-19 on the u.s. economy and will adjust our strategy as appropriate should market conditions change due to the pandemic or otherwise.
in the current market, we are increasing our investments in homebuilding inventories and single-family and multi-family rental properties to expand our operations and grow our revenues and profitability, as well as considering opportunistic strategic investments as they arise. we are also maintaining higher homebuilding cash balances than in prior years to support the increased scale and level of activity in our business and to provide flexibility to adjust to changing conditions and opportunities.
at september 30, 2020, our ratio of debt to total capital (notes payable divided by stockholders' equity plus notes payable) was 26.6% compared to 25.3% at september 30, 2019. our ratio of homebuilding debt to total capital (homebuilding notes payable divided by stockholders' equity plus homebuilding notes payable) was 17.5% compared to 17.0% at september 30, 2019. over the long term, we intend to maintain our ratio of homebuilding debt to total capital below 35%, and we expect it to remain significantly lower than 35% throughout fiscal 2021. we believe that the ratio of homebuilding debt to total capital is useful in understanding the leverage employed in our homebuilding operations and comparing our capital structure with other homebuilders. we exclude the debt of forestar and our financial services business because they are separately capitalized and not guaranteed by our parent company or any of our homebuilding entities.
we regularly assess our projected capital requirements to fund growth in our business, repay debt obligations, pay dividends, repurchase our common stock and maintain sufficient cash levels to support our other operational needs, and we regularly evaluate our opportunities to raise additional capital. d.r. horton has an automatically effective universal shelf registration statement filed with the sec in august 2018, registering debt and equity securities that may be issued from time to time in amounts to be determined. forestar also has an effective shelf registration statement filed with the sec in september 2018, registering $500 million of equity securities. at september 30, 2020, $394.3 million remained available under forestar's shelf registration statement, $100 million of which is reserved for sales under its at-the-market equity offering program. as market conditions permit, we may issue new debt or equity securities through the capital markets or obtain additional bank financing to fund our projected capital requirements or provide additional liquidity. we believe that our existing cash resources, revolving credit facilities, mortgage repurchase facility and ability to access the capital markets or obtain additional bank financing will provide sufficient liquidity to fund our near-term working capital needs and debt obligations, including the maturity of $400 million aggregate principal amount of our homebuilding senior notes in fiscal 2021. however, due to the current economic uncertainties related to c-19, we may be limited in accessing the capital markets or obtaining additional bank financing or the cost of accessing this financing could become more expensive for funding our longer-term capital needs.
capital resources - homebuilding cash and cash equivalents - at september 30, 2020, cash and cash equivalents of our homebuilding segment totaled $2.6 billion.
bank credit facilities - we have a $1.59 billion senior unsecured homebuilding revolving credit facility with an uncommitted accordion feature that could increase the size of the facility to $2.5 billion, subject to certain conditions and availability of additional bank commitments. the facility also provides for the issuance of letters of credit with a sublimit equal to 100% of the revolving credit commitment. letters of credit issued under the facility reduce the available borrowing capacity. the interest rate on borrowings under the revolving credit facility may be based on either the prime rate or london interbank offered rate (libor) plus an applicable margin, as defined in the credit agreement governing the facility. the maturity date of the facility is october 2, 2024. borrowings and repayments under the facility totaled $1.06 billion each during fiscal 2020. at september 30, 2020, there were no borrowings outstanding and $142.9 million of letters of credit issued under the revolving credit facility, resulting in available capacity of approximately $1.45 billion.
in may 2020, we entered into a credit agreement providing for a $375 million 364-day senior unsecured homebuilding revolving credit facility with an uncommitted accordion feature that could increase the size of the facility to $550 million, subject to certain conditions and availability of additional bank commitments. the interest rate on borrowings under the 364-day revolving credit facility may be based on either the prime rate or libor plus an applicable margin, as defined in the credit agreement governing the facility. the maturity date of the facility is may 27, 2021. there were no borrowings under the facility for the period from its inception through september 30, 2020.
our homebuilding revolving credit facilities impose restrictions on our operations and activities, including requiring the maintenance of a maximum allowable leverage ratio and a borrowing base restriction if our leverage ratio exceeds a certain level. both facilities include substantially the same affirmative and negative covenants, events of default and financial covenants. these covenants are measured as defined in the credit agreements governing the facilities and are reported to the lenders quarterly. a failure to comply with these financial covenants could allow the lending banks to terminate the availability of funds under the revolving credit facilities or cause any outstanding borrowings to become due and payable prior to maturity. the credit agreements governing the facilities impose restrictions on the creation of secured debt and liens. at september 30, 2020, we were in compliance with all of the covenants, limitations and restrictions of our homebuilding revolving credit facilities.
public unsecured debt - we have $2.45 billion principal amount of homebuilding senior notes outstanding as of september 30, 2020 that mature from december 2020 through october 2025. in october 2019, we issued $500 million principal amount of 2.5% senior notes due october 15, 2024, with interest payable semi-annually. the annual effective interest rate of these notes after giving effect to the amortization of the discount and financing costs is 2.7%. in february 2020, we repaid $500 million principal amount of our 4.0% senior notes at maturity. in may 2020, we issued $500 million principal amount of 2.6% senior notes due october 15, 2025 with interest payable semi-annually. the annual effective interest rate of these notes after giving effect to the amortization of the discount and financing costs is 2.8%. the indentures governing our senior notes impose restrictions on the creation of secured debt and liens. at september 30, 2020, we were in compliance with all of the limitations and restrictions associated with our public debt obligations.
in october 2020, we issued $500 million principal amount of 1.4% senior notes due october 15, 2027, with interest payable semi-annually. the annual effective interest rate of these notes after giving effect to the amortization of the discount and financing costs is 1.6%.
repurchases of common stock - during fiscal 2020, we repurchased 7.0 million shares of our common stock for $360.4 million.
debt and equity repurchase authorizations - effective july 30, 2019, our board of directors authorized the repurchase of up to $500 million of debt securities and $1.0 billion of our common stock. at september 30, 2020, the full amount of the debt repurchase authorization was remaining, and $535.3 million of the equity repurchase authorization was remaining. these authorizations have no expiration date.
capital resources - forestar forestar's ability to achieve its long-term growth objectives will depend on its ability to obtain financing in sufficient capacities. as market conditions permit, forestar may issue new debt or equity securities through the capital markets or obtain additional bank financing to provide capital for future growth and additional liquidity.
cash and cash equivalents - at september 30, 2020, forestar had cash and cash equivalents of $394.3 million.
bank credit facility - forestar has a $380 million senior unsecured revolving credit facility with an uncommitted accordion feature that could increase the size of the facility to $570 million, subject to certain conditions and availability of additional bank commitments. the facility also provides for the issuance of letters of credit with a sublimit equal to the greater of $100 million and 50% of the revolving credit commitment. borrowings under the revolving credit facility are subject to a borrowing base calculation based on forestar's book value of its real estate assets and unrestricted cash. letters of credit issued under the facility reduce the available borrowing capacity. at september 30, 2020, there were no borrowings outstanding and $36.0 million of letters of credit issued under the revolving credit facility, resulting in available capacity of $344.0 million. the maturity date of the facility is october 2, 2022, which can be extended by up to one year on up to two additional occasions, subject to the approval of lenders holding a majority of the commitments.
the forestar revolving credit facility includes customary affirmative and negative covenants, events of default and financial covenants. the financial covenants require forestar to maintain a minimum level of tangible net worth, a minimum level of liquidity and a maximum allowable leverage ratio. these covenants are measured as defined in the credit agreement governing the facility and are reported to the lenders quarterly. a failure to comply with these financial covenants could allow the lending banks to terminate the availability of funds under the revolving credit facility or cause any outstanding borrowings to become due and payable prior to maturity.
unsecured debt - in february 2020, forestar issued $300 million principal amount of 5.0% senior notes pursuant to rule 144a and regulation s under the securities act of 1933, as amended. the notes mature march 1, 2028, with interest payable semi-annually, and represent unsecured obligations of forestar. the annual effective interest rate of these notes after giving effect to the amortization of financing costs is 5.2%. these notes may be redeemed prior to maturity, subject to certain limitations and premiums defined in the indenture agreement. forestar also has $350 million principal amount of 8.0% senior notes that mature april 15, 2024. in march 2020, forestar repaid $118.9 million principal amount of its 3.75% convertible senior notes in cash at maturity.
forestar's revolving credit facility and its senior notes are not guaranteed by d.r. horton, inc. or any of the subsidiaries that guarantee our homebuilding debt. at september 30, 2020, forestar was in compliance with all of the covenants, limitations and restrictions of its revolving credit facility and senior note obligations.
debt repurchase authorization - effective april 30, 2020, forestar's board of directors authorized the repurchase of up to $30 million of forestar's debt securities. the authorization has no expiration date. all of the $30 million authorization was remaining at september 30, 2020.
capital resources - financial services cash and cash equivalents - at september 30, 2020, cash and cash equivalents of our financial services operations totaled $55.6 million.
mortgage repurchase facility - our mortgage subsidiary, dhi mortgage, has a mortgage repurchase facility that provides financing and liquidity to dhi mortgage by facilitating purchase transactions in which dhi mortgage transfers eligible loans to the counterparties upon receipt of funds from the counterparties. dhi mortgage then has the right and obligation to repurchase the purchased loans upon their sale to third-party purchasers in the secondary market or within specified time frames from 45 to 60 days in accordance with the terms of the mortgage repurchase facility. the total capacity of the facility is $1.35 billion; however, the capacity increased, without requiring additional commitments, to $1.575 billion for approximately 45 days around september 30, 2020 and increases again for approximately 30 days around december 31, 2020. the capacity of the facility can also be increased to $1.8 billion subject to the availability of additional commitments. the maturity date of the facility is february 19, 2021.
as of september 30, 2020, $1.42 billion of mortgage loans held for sale with a collateral value of $1.39 billion were pledged under the mortgage repurchase facility. as a result of advance paydowns totaling $255.8 million, dhi mortgage had an obligation of $1.13 billion outstanding under the mortgage repurchase facility at september 30, 2020 at a 2.4% annual interest rate.
the mortgage repurchase facility is not guaranteed by d.r. horton, inc. or any of the subsidiaries that guarantee our homebuilding debt. the facility contains financial covenants as to the mortgage subsidiary's minimum required tangible net worth, its maximum allowable leverage ratio and its minimum required liquidity. these covenants are measured and reported to the lenders monthly. at september 30, 2020, dhi mortgage was in compliance with all of the conditions and covenants of the mortgage repurchase facility.
in the past, dhi mortgage has been able to renew or extend its mortgage credit facility at a sufficient capacity and on satisfactory terms prior to its maturity and obtain temporary additional commitments through amendments to the credit agreement during periods of higher than normal volumes of mortgages held for sale. the liquidity of our financial services business depends upon its continued ability to renew and extend the mortgage repurchase facility or to obtain other additional financing in sufficient capacities.
operating cash flow activities in fiscal 2020, net cash provided by operating activities was $1.4 billion compared to $892.1 million in fiscal 2019. cash provided by operating activities in the current year primarily consisted of $1.9 billion of cash provided by our homebuilding segment, partially offset by $292.8 million and $168.5 million of cash used in our financial services and forestar segments, respectively.
cash used to increase construction in progress and finished home inventory was $739.1 million in fiscal 2020 as our homes in inventory increased by approximately 10,300 homes at september 30, 2020 compared to september 30, 2019. cash provided from a decrease in construction in progress and finished home inventory was $84.6 million in fiscal 2019 as our homes in inventory at september 30, 2019 remained relatively flat compared to september 30, 2018. cash used to increase residential land and lots was $324.4 million in fiscal 2020 compared to $676.4 million in fiscal 2019. of these amounts, $281.5 million and $513.2 million, respectively, related to forestar. the most significant source of cash provided by operating activities in both years was net income.
investing cash flow activities in fiscal 2020, net cash used in investing activities was $166.1 million compared to $394.0 million in fiscal 2019. in fiscal 2020, uses of cash included expenditures related to our rental properties totaling $190.3 million and purchases of property and equipment totaling $96.5 million, partially offset by proceeds from the sale of assets primarily consisting of $128.5 million related to the sale of two multi-family rental properties. in fiscal 2019, the most significant uses of cash were the purchases of the homebuilding operations of westport homes, classic builders and terramor homes. proceeds from the sale of assets in fiscal 2019 included $133.4 million related to the sale of two multi-family rental properties.
financing cash flow activities we expect the short-term financing needs of our operations will be funded with existing cash, cash generated from operations and borrowings under our credit facilities. long-term financing needs for our homebuilding and forestar operations may be funded with the issuance of senior unsecured debt securities or equity securities through the capital markets.
in fiscal 2020, net cash provided by financing activities was $270.6 million, consisting primarily of note proceeds of $1.1 billion from draws on our homebuilding revolving credit facility, our issuance of $500 million principal amount of 2.5% homebuilding senior notes, our issuance of $500 million principal amount of 2.6% homebuilding senior notes, forestar's issuance of $300 million principal amount of 5.0% senior notes and net advances of $243.7 million on our mortgage repurchase facility. note proceeds were partially offset by repayment of amounts drawn on our homebuilding revolving credit facility totaling $1.1 billion, repayment of $500 million principal amount of our 4.0% homebuilding senior notes at maturity, forestar's repayment of $118.9 million principal amount of its 3.75% convertible senior notes at maturity, cash used to repurchase 7.0 million shares of our common stock for $360.4 million and payment of cash dividends totaling $256.0 million.
in fiscal 2019, net cash used in financing activities was $490.1 million, consisting primarily of repayment of amounts drawn on our homebuilding and forestar revolving credit facilities totaling $2.2 billion, repayment of $500 million principal amount of our 3.75% homebuilding senior notes at maturity, cash used to repurchase 11.9 million shares of our common stock for $479.8 million and payment of cash dividends totaling $223.4 million. these uses of cash were partially offset by note proceeds of $2.2 billion from draws on our homebuilding and forestar revolving credit facilities, forestar's issuance of $350 million principal amount of 8.0% senior notes, net advances of $251.2 million on our mortgage repurchase facility and proceeds of $100.7 million from forestar's issuance of common stock.
our board of directors approved and paid quarterly cash dividends of $0.175 per common share in fiscal 2020 and $0.15 per common share in fiscal 2019. in november 2020, our board of directors approved a quarterly cash dividend of $0.20 per common share, payable on december 14, 2020, to stockholders of record on december 4, 2020. the declaration of future cash dividends is at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend upon, among other things, our future earnings, cash flows, capital requirements, financial condition and general business conditions.
contractual cash obligations, commercial commitments and off-balance sheet arrangements our primary contractual cash obligations are payments under our debt agreements and lease payments under operating leases. we expect to fund our contractual obligations in the ordinary course of business through a combination of our existing cash resources, cash flows generated from profits, our credit facilities or other bank financing, and the issuance of new debt or equity securities through the public capital markets as market conditions may permit.
our future cash requirements for contractual obligations as of september 30, 2020 are presented below.
payments due by period total                       less than                     1 - 3 years            &gt; 3 - 5 years                 more than
1 year                                                                             5 years
(in millions)
notes payable - principal (1)          $4,303.7                      $1,599.1                        $1,050.7                  $853.1                           $800.8
notes payable - interest (1)              487.4                         151.9                           214.4         84.2                             36.9
operating leases                           39.5                          17.4                            16.8         5.2                              0.1
purchase obligations (2)                   32.6                          30.2                             2.4                  -                                -
$4,863.2                      $1,798.6                        $1,284.3                  $942.5                           $837.8
_______________
(1)notes payable represents principal and interest payments due on our senior notes, our secured notes, our mortgage subsidiary's repurchase facility and our homebuilding and forestar revolving credit facilities. because the balances of our revolving credit facilities were zero at september 30, 2020, we did not assume any principal or interest payments related to these facilities in future periods. the interest obligation associated with our mortgage repurchase facility is based on its annual effective rate of 2.4% and principal balance outstanding at september 30, 2020.
(2)purchase obligations relate to a limited number of land and lot purchase contracts with $32.6 million of remaining purchase price, subject to specific performance provisions that may require us to purchase the land or lots upon the land sellers meeting their respective contractual obligations. of this amount, $1.4 million related to contracts between our homebuilding segment and forestar. further information about our land purchase contracts is provided in the "homebuilding inventories, land and lot position and homes in inventory" section included herein.
at september 30, 2020, we had outstanding letters of credit of $178.9 million and surety bonds of $1.8 billion, issued by third parties to secure performance under various contracts. we expect that our performance obligations secured by these letters of credit and bonds will generally be completed in the ordinary course of business and in accordance with the applicable contractual terms. when we complete our performance obligations, the related letters of credit and bonds are generally released shortly thereafter, leaving us with no continuing obligations. we have no material third-party guarantees.
our mortgage subsidiary enters into various commitments related to the lending activities of our mortgage operations. further discussion of these commitments is provided in item 7a "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk" under part ii of this annual report on form 10-k.
supplemental guarantor financial information as of september 30, 2020, d.r. horton, inc. had outstanding $2.45 billion principal amount of homebuilding senior notes due through october 2025 and no amounts outstanding on its homebuilding revolving credit facilities.
all of the homebuilding senior notes and the homebuilding revolving credit facilities are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, on a joint and several basis, by certain subsidiaries of d.r. horton, inc. (guarantors or guarantor subsidiaries). each of the guarantor subsidiaries is 100% owned, directly or indirectly, by d.r. horton, inc. our subsidiaries associated with the forestar lot development operation, financial services operations, multi-family residential construction and certain other subsidiaries do not guarantee the homebuilding senior notes or the homebuilding revolving credit facilities (collectively, non-guarantor subsidiaries). the guarantees are senior unsecured obligations of each guarantor and rank equal with all existing and future senior debt of such guarantor and senior to all subordinated debt of such guarantor. the guarantees are effectively subordinated to any secured debt of such guarantor to the extent of the value of the assets securing such debt. the guarantees will be structurally subordinated to indebtedness and other liabilities of non-guarantor subsidiaries of the guarantors.
the guarantees by a guarantor subsidiary will be automatically and unconditionally released and discharged upon: (1) the sale or other disposition of its common stock whereby it is no longer a subsidiary of ours; (2) the sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of its assets (other than to us or another guarantor); (3) its merger or consolidation with an entity other than us or another guarantor; or (4) its ceasing to guarantee any of our publicly traded debt securities and ceasing to guarantee any of our obligations under our homebuilding revolving credit facility.
the following tables present summarized financial information for d.r. horton, inc. and the guarantor subsidiaries on a combined basis after intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated among d.r. horton, inc. and the guarantor subsidiaries, as well as their investment in, and equity in earnings from the non-guarantor subsidiaries.
d.r. horton, inc. and guarantor subsidiaries summarized balance sheet data                                                          september 30, 2020
(in millions)
assets cash                                                                                 $2,498.5
inventories                                                                          10,921.8
amount due from non-guarantor subsidiaries         524.6
total assets                                                                         15,503.9
liabilities &amp; stockholders' equity notes payable                                                                        $2,514.4
total liabilities                                                                     4,746.9
stockholders' equity                                                                 10,757.0
summarized statement of operations data                                     year ended september 30, 2020
(in millions)
revenues                                                                            $19,630.0
cost of sales                                                                        15,379.2
selling, general and administrative expense                                           1,584.4
income before income taxes                                                            2,666.4
net income                                                                            2,134.7
a court could void or subordinate any guarantor's guarantee under the fraudulent conveyance laws if existing or future creditors of any such guarantor were successful in establishing that:
•such guarantee was incurred with fraudulent intent; or
•such guarantor did not receive fair consideration or reasonably equivalent value for issuing its guarantee; and
•was insolvent at the time of the guarantee;
•was rendered insolvent by reason of the guarantee;
•was engaged in a business or transaction for which its assets constituted unreasonably small capital to carry on its business; or
•intended to incur, or believed that it would incur, debt beyond its ability to pay such debt as it matured.
the measures of insolvency for purposes of determining whether a fraudulent conveyance occurred would vary depending upon the laws of the relevant jurisdiction and upon the valuation assumptions and methodology applied by the court. generally, however, a company would be considered insolvent for purposes of the foregoing if:
•the sum of the company's debts, including contingent, unliquidated and unmatured liabilities, is greater than all of such company's property at a fair valuation; or
•the present fair saleable value of the company's assets is less than the amount that will be required to pay the probable liability on its existing debts as they become absolute and matured.
the indentures governing our homebuilding senior notes contain a "savings clause," which limits the liability of each guarantor on its guarantee to the maximum amount that such guarantor can incur without risk that its guarantee will be subject to avoidance as a fraudulent transfer. this provision may not be effective to protect such guarantees from fraudulent transfer challenges or, if it does, it may reduce such guarantor's obligation such that the remaining amount due and collectible under the guarantees would not suffice, if necessary, to pay the notes in full when due.
on the basis of historical financial information, operating history and other factors, we believe that each of the guarantors, after giving effect to the issuance of the guarantees when such guarantees were issued, was not insolvent, did not have unreasonably small capital for the business in which it engaged and did not and has not incurred debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they mature. we cannot assure you, however, as to what standard a court would apply in making these determinations or that a court would agree with our conclusions in this regard.
seasonality although significant changes in market conditions have impacted our seasonal patterns in the past and could do so again in the future, we generally close more homes and generate greater revenues and operating income in the third and fourth quarters of our fiscal year. the seasonal nature of our business can also cause significant variations in our working capital requirements in our homebuilding, lot development and financial services operations. as a result of seasonal activity, our quarterly results of operations and financial position at the end of a particular fiscal quarter are not necessarily representative of the balance of our fiscal year.
inflation we may be adversely affected during periods of high inflation, primarily because of higher financing, land, labor and material construction costs. we attempt to offset cost increases in one component with savings in another, and we increase our sales prices and reduce customer sales incentives when housing market conditions permit. however, during periods when housing market conditions are challenging, we may not be able to offset cost increases with higher selling prices. in addition, higher mortgage interest rates reduce the affordability of our homes to prospective homebuyers.
forward-looking statements some of the statements contained in this report, as well as in other materials we have filed or will file with the securities and exchange commission, statements made by us in periodic press releases and oral statements we make to analysts, stockholders and the press in the course of presentations about us, may be construed as "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of section 27a of the securities act of 1933, section 21e of the securities exchange act of 1934 and the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. forward-looking statements are based on management's beliefs as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, management. these forward-looking statements typically include the words "anticipate," "believe," "consider," "continue," "could," "estimate," "expect," "forecast," "goal," "intend," "likely," "may," "outlook," "plan," "possible," "potential," "predict," "projection," "seek," "should," "strategy," "target," "will," "would" or other words of similar meaning. any or all of the forward-looking statements included in this report and in any other of our reports or public statements may not approximate actual experience, and the expectations derived from them may not be realized, due to risks, uncertainties and other factors. as a result, actual results may differ materially from the expectations or results we discuss in the forward-looking statements. these risks, uncertainties and other factors include, but are not limited to:
•the effects of public health issues such as a major epidemic or pandemic, including the impact of c-19 on the economy and our businesses;
•the cyclical nature of the homebuilding and lot development industries and changes in economic, real estate and other conditions;
•constriction of the credit and public capital markets, which could limit our ability to access capital and increase our costs of capital;
•reductions in the availability of mortgage financing provided by government agencies, changes in government financing programs, a decrease in our ability to sell mortgage loans on attractive terms or an increase in mortgage interest rates;
•the risks associated with our land and lot inventory;
•our ability to effect our growth strategies, acquisitions or investments successfully;
•the impact of an inflationary, deflationary or higher interest rate environment;
•home warranty and construction defect claims;
•the effects of health and safety incidents;
•supply shortages and other risks of acquiring land, building materials and skilled labor;
•reductions in the availability of performance bonds;
•increases in the costs of owning a home;
•the effects of governmental regulations and environmental matters on our homebuilding and land development operations;
•the effects of governmental regulations on our financial services operations;
•competitive conditions within the homebuilding, lot development and financial services industries;
•our ability to manage and service our debt and comply with related debt covenants, restrictions and limitations;
•the effects of negative publicity;
•the effects of the loss of key personnel; and
•information technology failures, data security breaches and our ability to satisfy privacy and data protection laws and regulations.
we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. however, any further disclosures made on related subjects in subsequent reports on forms 10-k, 10-q and 8-k should be consulted. additional information about issues that could lead to material changes in performance and risk factors that have the potential to affect us is contained in item 1a, "risk factors" under part i of this annual report on form 10-k.
critical accounting policies general - a comprehensive enumeration of the significant accounting policies of d.r. horton, inc. and subsidiaries is presented in note a to the accompanying financial statements as of september 30, 2020 and 2019, and for the years ended september 30, 2020, 2019 and 2018. each of our accounting policies has been chosen based upon current authoritative literature that collectively comprises u.s. generally accepted accounting principles (gaap). in instances where alternative methods of accounting are permissible under gaap, we have chosen the method that most appropriately reflects the nature of our business, the results of our operations and our financial condition, and have consistently applied those methods over each of the periods presented in the financial statements. the audit committee of our board of directors has reviewed and approved the accounting policies selected.
revenue recognition - we generally recognize homebuilding revenue and related profit at the time of the closing of a sale, when title to and possession of the property are transferred to the buyer. our performance obligation, to deliver the agreed-upon home, is generally satisfied in less than one year from the original contract date. proceeds from home closings held for our benefit at title companies are included in homebuilding cash and cash equivalents in the consolidated balance sheets.
when we execute sales contracts with our homebuyers, or when we require advance payment from homebuyers for custom changes, upgrades or options related to their homes, we record the cash deposits received as liabilities until the homes are closed or the contracts are cancelled. we either retain or refund to the homebuyer deposits on cancelled sales contracts, depending upon the applicable provisions of the contract or other circumstances.
we rarely purchase land for resale, but periodically may elect to sell parcels of land that no longer fit into our strategic operating plans. revenue from land sales is typically recognized on the closing date, which is generally when performance obligations are satisfied.
we recognize financial services revenues associated with our title operations as closing services are rendered and title insurance policies are issued, both of which generally occur simultaneously as each home is closed. revenues associated with our mortgage operations primarily include net gains on the sale of mortgage loans and servicing rights. we typically elect the fair value option for our mortgage loan originations whereby mortgage loans held for sale are recorded at fair value based on either sale commitments or current market quotes and loan values are adjusted through revenues for subsequent changes in fair value until the loans are sold. expected gains and losses from the sale of servicing rights are included in the measurement of all written loan commitments that are accounted for at fair value through revenues at the time of commitment. we sell substantially all of the mortgages we originate and the majority of the related servicing rights to third-party purchasers. interest income is earned from the date a mortgage loan is originated until the loan is sold.
mortgage loans are sold with limited recourse provisions, which can result in repurchases of loans previously sold to investors or payments to reimburse investors for loan losses. based on historical experience, discussions with our mortgage purchasers, analysis of the volume of mortgages we originated and current housing and credit market conditions, we estimate and record a loss reserve for mortgage loans held in portfolio and mortgage loans held for sale, as well as known and projected mortgage loan repurchase requests.
we collect insurance commissions on homeowner policies placed with third party carriers through our 100% owned insurance agency. we recognize revenue and a contract asset for estimated future renewals of these policies upon issuance of the initial policy, the date at which the performance obligation is satisfied.
inventories and cost of sales - inventory includes the costs of direct land acquisition, land development and home construction, capitalized interest, real estate taxes and direct overhead costs incurred during development and home construction. costs that we incur after development projects or homes are substantially complete, such as utilities, maintenance, and cleaning, are charged to sg&a expense as incurred. all indirect overhead costs, such as compensation of sales personnel, division and region management, and the costs of advertising and builder's risk insurance are charged to sg&a expense as incurred.
land and development costs are typically allocated to individual residential lots on a pro-rata basis, and the costs of residential lots are transferred to construction in progress when home construction begins. home construction costs are specifically identified and recorded to individual homes. cost of sales for homes closed includes the specific construction costs of each home and all applicable land acquisition, land development and related costs (both incurred and estimated to be incurred) allocated to each residential lot based upon the total number of homes expected to be closed in each community. cost of sales for lots sold includes all applicable land acquisition, land development and related costs (both incurred and estimated to be incurred) allocated to each residential lot in the community. any changes to the estimated total development costs subsequent to the initial home or lot closings in a community are generally allocated on a pro-rata basis to the remaining homes or lots in the community associated with the relevant development activity.
when a home is closed, we generally have not paid all incurred costs necessary to complete the home. we record a liability and a corresponding charge to cost of sales for the amount estimated to ultimately be paid related to completed homes that have been closed. we compare our home construction budgets to actual recorded costs to determine the additional costs remaining to be paid on each closed home. we monitor the accrual by comparing actual costs incurred on closed homes in subsequent months to the amounts previously accrued. although actual costs to be paid in the future on previously closed homes could differ from our current accruals, such differences have not been significant.
at the end of each quarter, we review the performance and outlook for all of our communities and land inventories for indicators of potential impairment. we generally review our inventory for impairment indicators at the community level, and the inventory within each community is categorized as land held for development, residential land and lots developed and under development, land held for sale and construction in progress and finished homes, based on the stage of production or plans for future development or sale. a particular community often includes inventory in more than one category. in certain situations, inventory may be analyzed separately for impairment purposes based on its product type or future plans. in reviewing each of our communities, we determine if impairment indicators exist on inventory held and used by analyzing a variety of factors including, but not limited to, the following:
•gross margins on homes closed in recent months;
•projected gross margins on homes sold but not closed;
•projected gross margins based on community budgets;
•trends in gross margins, average selling prices or cost of sales;
•sales absorption rates; and
•performance of other communities in nearby locations.
if indicators of impairment are present for a community, we perform an impairment evaluation of the community, which includes an analysis to determine if the undiscounted cash flows estimated to be generated by those assets are less than their carrying amounts. if so, impairment charges are recorded to cost of sales if the fair value of such assets is less than their carrying amounts. these estimates of cash flows are significantly impacted by community specific factors including estimates of the amounts and timing of future revenues and estimates of the amount of land development, materials and labor costs which, in turn, may be impacted by the following local market conditions:
•supply and availability of new and existing homes;
•location and desirability of our communities;
•variety of product types offered in the area;
•pricing and use of incentives by us and our competitors;
•alternative uses for our land or communities such as the sale of land, finished lots or home sites to third parties;
•amount of land and lots we own or control in a particular market or sub-market; and
•local economic and demographic trends.
for those assets deemed to be impaired, the impairment to be recognized is measured as the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets. our determination of fair value is primarily based on discounting the estimated cash flows at a rate commensurate with the inherent risks associated with the assets and related estimated cash flow streams. when an impairment charge for a community is determined, the charge is then allocated to each lot in the community in the same manner as land and development costs are allocated to each lot. impairment charges are also recorded on finished homes in substantially completed communities when events or circumstances indicate that the carrying values are greater than the fair values less estimated costs to sell these homes.
we rarely purchase land for resale. however, when we own land or communities under development that do not fit into our development and construction plans, and we determine that we will sell the asset, the project is accounted for as land held for sale if certain criteria are met. we record land held for sale at the lesser of its carrying value or fair value less estimated costs to sell. in performing the impairment evaluation for land held for sale, we consider several factors including, but not limited to, recent offers received to purchase the property, prices for land in recent comparable sales transactions and market analysis studies, which include the estimated price a willing buyer would pay for the land. if the estimated fair value less costs to sell an asset is less than the current carrying value, the asset is written down to its estimated fair value less costs to sell.
the key assumptions relating to inventory valuations are impacted by local market and economic conditions, and are inherently uncertain. although our quarterly assessments reflect management's best estimates, due to uncertainties in the estimation process, actual results could differ from such estimates.
warranty claims - we typically provide our homebuyers with a ten-year limited warranty for major defects in structural elements such as framing components and foundation systems, a two-year limited warranty on major mechanical systems and a one-year limited warranty on other construction components. since we subcontract our construction work to subcontractors who typically provide us with an indemnity and a certificate of insurance prior to receiving payments for their work, claims relating to workmanship and materials are generally the primary responsibility of the subcontractors. warranty liabilities have been established by charging cost of sales for each home delivered. the amounts charged are based on management's estimate of expected warranty-related costs under all unexpired warranty obligation periods. our warranty liability is based upon historical warranty cost experience in each market in which we operate and is adjusted to reflect qualitative risks associated with the types of homes we build and the geographic areas in which we build them. actual future warranty costs could differ from our currently estimated amounts. a 10% change in the historical warranty rates used to estimate our warranty accrual would not result in a material change in our accrual.
legal claims and insurance - we are named as a defendant in various claims, complaints and other legal actions in the ordinary course of business. at any point in time, we are managing several hundred individual claims related to construction defect matters, personal injury claims, employment matters, land development issues, contract disputes and other matters. we have established reserves for these contingencies based on the estimated costs of pending claims and the estimated costs of anticipated future claims related to previously closed homes. approximately 99% of these reserves related to construction defect matters at both september 30, 2020 and 2019.
our reserves for construction defect claims include the estimated costs of both known claims and anticipated future claims. at september 30, 2020 and 2019, we had reserves for approximately 260 and 180 pending construction defect claims, respectively, and no individual existing claim was material to our financial statements. during fiscal 2020, we established reserves for approximately 175 new construction defect claims and resolved 95 construction defect claims for a total cost of $25.8 million. we have closed a significant number of homes during recent years, and we may be subject to future construction defect claims on these homes. although regulations vary from state to state, construction defect issues can generally be reported for up to ten years after the home has closed in many states in which we operate. historical data and trends regarding the frequency of claims incurred and the costs to resolve claims relative to the types of products and markets where we operate are used to estimate the construction defect liabilities for both existing and anticipated future claims. these estimates are subject to ongoing revision as the circumstances of individual pending claims and historical data and trends change. adjustments to estimated reserves are recorded in the accounting period in which the change in estimate occurs.
historical trends in construction defect claims have been inconsistent, and we believe they may continue to fluctuate. we also believe that fluctuations in housing market conditions can affect the frequency and cost of construction defect claims. if the ultimate resolution of construction defect claims resulting from our home closings in prior years varies from current expectations, it could significantly change our estimates regarding the frequency and timing of claims incurred and the costs to resolve existing and anticipated future claims, which would impact the construction defect reserves in the future. if the frequency of claims incurred or costs of existing and future legal claims significantly exceed our current estimates, they will have a significant negative impact on our future earnings and liquidity.
we estimate and record receivables under the applicable insurance policies related to our estimated contingencies for known claims and anticipated future construction defect claims on previously closed homes and other legal claims and lawsuits incurred in the ordinary course of business when recovery is probable. additionally, we may have the ability to recover a portion of our losses from our subcontractors and their insurance carriers when we have been named as an additional insured on their insurance policies.
the estimation of losses related to these reserves and the related estimates of recoveries from insurance policies are subject to a high degree of variability due to uncertainties such as trends in construction defect claims relative to our markets and the types of products built, claim frequency, claim settlement costs and patterns, insurance industry practices and legal interpretations, among others. due to the high degree of judgment required in establishing reserves for these contingencies, actual future costs and recoveries from insurance could differ significantly from current estimated amounts. a 10% increase in the claim frequency and the average cost per claim used to estimate the reserves would result in an increase of approximately $78.7 million in our reserves and a $40.2 million increase in our receivable, resulting in additional expense of $38.5 million. a 10% decrease in the claim frequency and the average cost per claim would result in a decrease of approximately $71.1 million in our reserves and a $33.3 million decrease in our receivable, resulting in a reduction in expense of $37.8 million.
pending accounting pronouncements in june 2016, the financial accounting standards board (fasb) issued accounting standards update (asu) 2016-13, "financial instruments - credit losses," which replaces the current incurred loss impairment methodology with a methodology that reflects expected credit losses and requires consideration of a broader range of reasonable and supportable information in determining credit loss estimates. the guidance is effective for us beginning october 1, 2020 and is not expected to have a material impact on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows.
in january 2017, the fasb issued asu 2017-04, "intangibles - goodwill and other," which simplifies the measurement of goodwill impairment by removing the second step of the goodwill impairment test and requires the determination of the fair value of individual assets and liabilities of a reporting unit. under the new guidance, goodwill impairment is measured as the amount by which a reporting unit's carrying amount exceeds its fair value with the loss recognized limited to the total amount of goodwill allocated to the reporting unit. the guidance is effective for us beginning october 1, 2020 and is not expected to have a material impact on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows.
in december 2019, the fasb issued asu 2019-12 related to simplifying the accounting for income taxes. the guidance is effective for us beginning october 1, 2021, although early adoption is permitted. we are currently evaluating the impact of this guidance, and it is not expected to have a material impact on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows.
in march 2020, the fasb issued asu 2020-04, "reference rate reform," which provides optional expedients and exceptions for applying u.s. gaap to contracts, hedging relationships, and other transactions affected by the discontinuation of the london interbank offered rate (libor) or by another reference rate expected to be discontinued. the guidance was effective beginning march 12, 2020 and can be applied prospectively through december 31, 2022. we will adopt this standard when libor is discontinued and do not expect it to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements or related disclosures.
