item 1a. risk factors various risks and uncertainties could affect our business. any of the risks described below or elsewhere in this report or our other filings with the securities and exchange commission could have a material impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations. it is not possible to predict or identify all risk factors. additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also impair our business operations.
the covid-19 pandemic has disrupted and is expected to continue to disrupt our business, which has affected and could continue to materially affect our operations, financial condition and results of operations for an extended period of time.
the covid-19 pandemic, federal, state and local government responses to covid-19 and our company's responses to the outbreak have all disrupted and will continue to disrupt our business. in the united states, individuals are being encouraged to practice social distancing, restricted from gathering in groups and for portions of the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020, placed on complete restriction from non-essential movements outside of their homes in some areas. in response to the covid-19 pandemic and these changing conditions, during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020, we closed the dining rooms in all of our restaurants for some portion of the quarter and operated in a to go or to go plus delivery format only. as of the date of this report, we have 89.0% of our dining rooms open in at least a limited capacity. we have closed certain restaurants, modified work hours for our team members and identified and implemented cost savings measures throughout our operations. as the covid-19 pandemic continues to spike in certain areas of the country, there could be additional federal, state or local responses that restrict in-person dining and/or movement of guests or otherwise impact our business. the covid-19 pandemic and these responses have affected and will continue to adversely affect our guest traffic, sales and operating costs and we cannot predict how long the outbreak will last or what other government responses may impact us.
the covid-19 pandemic has also adversely affected our ability to open new restaurants. due to the uncertainty in the economy and to preserve liquidity, we paused nearly all construction of new restaurants and certain remodeling projects at existing restaurants during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020. while we resumed most of these construction projects as of the date of this report, these pauses may materially adversely affect our ability to grow our business.
in order to reinforce our liquidity position, we entered into a new, $270.0 million 364-day term loan credit agreement in april 2020. a material increase in our level of debt or material impairments of our assets could cause our debt to total capitalization ratio to exceed the maximum level permitted under the covenants in our revolving credit agreement and term loan credit agreement. we also raised $505.1 million in a public offering of the company's common stock that closed in april 2020. if the business interruptions caused by covid-19 last longer than we expect, we may continue to seek other sources of liquidity. there can be no guarantee that additional liquidity will be readily available or available on favorable terms, especially the longer the covid-19 outbreak lasts.
our restaurant operations could be further disrupted if large numbers of our employees are diagnosed with covid-19. if a significant percentage of our workforce is unable to work, whether because of illness, quarantine, limitations on travel or other government restrictions in connection with covid-19, our operations may be negatively impacted, potentially materially adversely affecting our liquidity, financial condition or results of operations.
our suppliers could be adversely impacted by the covid-19 outbreak. if our suppliers' employees are unable to work, whether because of illness, quarantine, limitations on travel or other government restrictions in connection with covid-19, we could face shortages of food items or other supplies at our restaurants and our operations and sales could be adversely impacted by such supply interruptions. we provide ppe to our team members and have added additional supplies of sanitization products to our restaurants for team member and guest use. a shortage of supply of ppe or sanitization products could adversely impact our restaurant operations.
additional government regulations or legislation as a result of covid-19 in addition to decisions we have made and may make in the future relating to the compensation of and benefit offerings for our restaurant team members could also have an adverse effect on our business. we cannot predict the types of additional government regulations or legislation that may be passed relating to employee compensation as a result of the covid-19 outbreak. we have implemented paid sick leave, emergency pay policies and taken other compensation and benefit actions to support our restaurant team members during the covid-19 business interruption, but those actions may not be sufficient to compensate our team members for the entire duration of the business interruption resulting from covid-19. those team members might seek and find other employment during that interruption, which could materially adversely affect our ability to properly staff and reopen our restaurants with experienced team members when the business interruptions caused by covid-19 abate or end.
health concerns arising from food-related pandemics, outbreaks of flu, viruses or other diseases may have an adverse effect on our business.
in addition to the novel coronavirus that causes covid-19, the united states and other countries have experienced, or may experience in the future, outbreaks of other viruses, such as norovirus, avian flu or "sars," "mers," h1n1 or "swine flu," or other diseases. to the extent that a virus or disease is food-borne, or perceived to be food-borne, future outbreaks may adversely affect the price and availability of certain food products and cause our guests to eat less of a product, or could reduce public confidence in food handling and/or public assembly. for example, public concern over avian flu may cause fear about the consumption of chicken, eggs and other products derived from poultry. the inability to serve poultry-based products would restrict our ability to provide a variety of menu items to our guests. if we change a restaurant menu in response to such concerns, we may lose guests who do not prefer the new menu, and we may not be able to attract a sufficient new guest base to produce the sales needed to make the restaurant profitable. we also may have different or additional competitors for our intended guests as a result of such a change and may not be able to successfully compete against such competitors. if a virus is transmitted by human contact or respiratory transmission, our employees or guests could become infected, or could choose, or be advised, to avoid gathering in public places, any of which could adversely affect our restaurant guest traffic and our ability to adequately staff our restaurants, receive deliveries on a timely basis or perform functions at the corporate level. we also could be adversely affected if the world health organization and/or the cdc were to restrict travel to affected geographic areas where we source our products, thus possibly impacting the continuity of supply. additionally, jurisdictions in which we have restaurants may impose mandatory closures, seek voluntary closures or impose restrictions on operations. even if such measures are not implemented and a virus or other disease does not spread significantly, the perceived risk of infection or significant health risk may cause guests to choose other alternatives to dining out in our restaurants which may adversely affect our business.
we rely heavily on information technology in our operations, and insufficient guest or employee facing technology or a failure to maintain a continuous and secure cyber network, free from material failure, interruption or security breach, could harm our ability to effectively operate our business and/or result in the loss of respected relationships with our guests or employees.
we rely heavily on information systems across our operations, including for e-commerce, marketing programs, employee engagement, management of our supply chain, the point-of-sale processing system in our restaurants, and various other processes and transactions. our ability to effectively manage our business and coordinate the production, distribution and sale of our products depends significantly on the reliability, security and capacity of these systems. in addition, we must effectively respond to changing guest expectations and new technological developments. disruptions, failures or other performance issues with guest facing technology systems could impair the benefits that they provide to our business and negatively affect our relationship with our guests. the failure of these systems to operate effectively, problems with transitioning to upgraded or replacement systems, a material network breach in the security of these systems as a result of a cyber attack, phishing attack or any other failure to maintain a continuous and secure cyber network could result in substantial harm or inconvenience to the company, our team members or guests. this could include the theft of our intellectual property, trade secrets or sensitive financial information, or the improper use of personal information or other "identity theft" of either guest or employee information. some of these essential business processes that are dependent on technology are outsourced to third parties. while we make efforts to ensure that our providers are observing proper standards and controls, we cannot guarantee that breaches or failures caused by these outsourced providers will not occur.
any such failures, disruptions or data privacy breaches may cause delays in guest service, reduce efficiency in our operations, require significant capital investments to remediate the problem, result in customer, employee or advertiser dissatisfaction or otherwise result in negative publicity that could harm our reputation. we could also be subjected to litigation, regulatory investigations or the imposition of penalties. as privacy and information security laws and regulations change and cyber risks evolve, we may incur additional costs to ensure we remain in compliance and protect guest, employee and company information.
a failure to maintain food safety throughout the supply chain and food-borne illness concerns may have an adverse effect on our business.
food safety is a top priority, and we dedicate substantial resources to ensuring that our guests enjoy safe, quality food products.  even with strong preventative interventions and controls, food safety issues could be caused at the source or by food suppliers or distributors and, as a result, be out of our control and require prompt action to mitigate impact.  in addition, regardless of the source or cause, any report of food-borne illnesses such as e. coli, hepatitis a, norovirus or salmonella, and other food safety issues including food tampering or contamination, at one of our restaurants could adversely affect the reputation of our brands and have a negative impact on our sales. even instances of food-borne illness, food tampering or food contamination occurring solely at restaurants of our competitors could result in negative publicity about the food service industry generally and adversely impact our sales. the occurrence of food-borne illnesses or food safety issues could also adversely affect the price and availability of affected ingredients, resulting in higher costs and lower margins.
the inability to hire, train, reward and retain restaurant team members and determine and maintain adequate staffing may impact our ability to achieve our operating, growth and financial objectives.
our long-term growth depends substantially on our ability to recruit and retain high-quality team members to work in and manage our restaurants. adequate staffing and retention of qualified restaurant team members is a critical factor impacting our guests' experience in our restaurants. maintaining adequate staffing in our existing restaurants and hiring and training staff for our new restaurants requires precise workforce planning which has been complicated by the impacts of the covid-19 pandemic on our business and on consumer preferences. the market for the most qualified talent continues to be competitive and we must provide competitive wages, benefits and workplace conditions to maintain our most qualified team members. depending on the length of restaurant team member furloughs, team members may seek other employment and decline to return when we recall them to work in our restaurants. personal or public health concerns related to covid-19 might make some existing team members or potential candidates reluctant to work in enclosed restaurant environments. a shortage of quality candidates who meet all legal citizenship or work authorization requirements, failure to recruit and retain new team members in a timely manner or higher than expected turnover levels all could affect our ability to open new restaurants, grow sales at existing restaurants or meet our labor cost objectives. an inability to adequately monitor and proactively respond to team member dissatisfaction could lead to poor guest satisfaction, higher turnover, litigation and unionization which could jeopardize our ability to meet our growth targets.
a failure to recruit, develop and retain effective leaders or the loss or shortage of personnel with key capacities and skills could impact our strategic direction and jeopardize our ability to meet our business performance expectations and growth targets.
our future growth depends substantially on the contributions and abilities of key executives and other leadership team members. we must continue to recruit, retain and motivate management team members in order to achieve our current business objectives and support our projected growth. changes in senior management could expose us to significant changes in strategic direction and initiatives. a failure to maintain appropriate organizational capacity and capability to support leadership excellence (adequate resources, innovative skill sets and expectations) and build adequate bench strength required for growth or a loss of key skill sets could jeopardize our ability to meet our business performance expectations and growth targets.
we are subject to a number of risks relating to public policy changes and federal, state and local regulation of our business, including in the areas of health care reform, environmental matters, minimum wage, unionization, data privacy, menu labeling, immigration requirements and taxes, and an insufficient or ineffective response to legislation or government regulation may impact our cost structure, operational efficiencies and talent availability.
the restaurant industry is subject to extensive federal, state, local and international laws and regulations. the development and operation of restaurants depend to a significant extent on the selection and acquisition of suitable sites, which are subject to building, zoning, land use, environmental, traffic and other regulations and requirements. we are subject to licensing and regulation by state and local authorities relating to health, sanitation, safety and fire standards and the sale of alcoholic beverages. we are subject to laws and regulations relating to the preparation and sale of food, including regulations regarding product safety, nutritional content and menu labeling. we are subject to federal, state, and local laws governing employment practices and working conditions.  these laws cover minimum wage rates, wage and hour practices, labor relations, paid and family leave, workplace safety, and immigration, among others.  the myriad of laws and regulations being passed at the state and local level creates unique challenges for a multi-state employer as different standards apply to different locations, sometimes with conflicting requirements.  we must continue to monitor and adapt our employment practices to comply with these various laws and regulations.
we also are subject to federal and state laws which prohibit discrimination and other laws regulating the design and operation of facilities, such as the ada. compliance with these laws and regulations can be costly and increase our exposure to litigation and governmental proceedings, and a failure or perceived failure to comply with these laws could result in negative publicity that could harm our reputation. new or changing laws and regulations relating to union organizing rights and activities may impact our operations at the restaurant level and increase our labor costs.
we are subject to a variety of federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to the use, storage, discharge, emission and disposal of hazardous materials. there also has been increasing focus by united states and overseas governmental authorities on other environmental matters, such as climate change, the reduction of greenhouse gases and water consumption. this increased focus may lead to new initiatives directed at regulating a yet to be specified array of environmental matters. legislative, regulatory or other efforts to combat climate change or other environmental concerns could result in future increases in the cost of raw materials, taxes, transportation and utilities, which could decrease our operating profits and necessitate future investments in facilities and equipment.
we are subject to laws relating to information security, privacy, cashless payments and consumer credit, protection and fraud. an increasing number of governments and industry groups worldwide have established data privacy laws and standards for the protection of personal information, including social security numbers, financial information (including credit card numbers), and health information. compliance with these laws and regulations can be costly, and any failure or perceived failure to comply with these laws or any breach of our systems could harm our reputation or lead to litigation, which could adversely affect our financial condition.
the impact of current laws and regulations, the effect of future changes in laws or regulations that impose additional requirements and the consequences of litigation relating to current or future laws and regulations, or an insufficient or ineffective response to significant regulatory or public policy issues, could negatively impact our cost structure, operational efficiencies and talent availability, and therefore have an adverse effect on our results of operations. failure to comply with the laws and regulatory requirements of federal, state and local authorities could result in, among other things, revocation of required licenses, administrative enforcement actions, fines and civil and criminal liability. compliance with these laws and regulations can be costly and can increase our exposure to litigation or governmental investigations or proceedings.
litigation, including allegations of illegal, unfair or inconsistent employment practices, may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our business is subject to the risk of litigation by employees, guests, suppliers, business partners, shareholders, government agencies or others through private actions, class actions, administrative proceedings, regulatory actions or other litigation. these actions and proceedings may involve allegations of illegal, unfair or inconsistent employment practices, including wage and hour violations and employment discrimination; guest discrimination; food safety issues including poor food quality, food-borne illness, food tampering, food contamination, and adverse health effects from consumption of various food products or high-calorie foods (including obesity); other personal injury, including claims related to covid-19; violation of "dram shop" laws (providing an injured party with recourse against an establishment that serves alcoholic beverages to an intoxicated party who then causes injury to himself or a third party); trademark infringement; violation of the federal securities laws; or other concerns. the outcome of litigation, particularly class action lawsuits and regulatory actions, is difficult to assess or quantify. plaintiffs in these types of lawsuits may seek recovery of very large or indeterminate amounts, and the magnitude of the potential loss relating to such lawsuits may remain unknown for substantial periods of time. the cost to defend litigation may be significant. there may also be adverse publicity associated with litigation that could decrease guest acceptance of our brands, regardless of whether the allegations are valid or we ultimately are found liable. litigation could impact our operations in other ways as well. allegations of illegal, unfair or inconsistent employment practices, for example, could adversely affect employee acquisition and retention. as a result, litigation may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
unfavorable publicity, or a failure to respond effectively to adverse publicity, could harm our reputation and adversely impact our guest counts and sales.
the good reputation of our restaurant brands is a key factor in the success of our business. actual or alleged incidents at any of our restaurants could result in negative publicity that could harm our brands. even incidents occurring at restaurants operated by our competitors or in the supply chain generally could result in negative publicity that could harm the restaurant industry overall and, indirectly, our own brands. negative publicity may result from allegations of illegal, unfair or inconsistent employment practices, employee dissatisfaction, guest discrimination, illness, injury, or any of the other matters discussed above that could give rise to litigation. regardless of whether the allegations or complaints are valid, unfavorable publicity relating to a limited number of our restaurants, or to only a single restaurant, could adversely affect public perception of the entire brand. negative publicity also may result from health concerns including food safety and flu or virus outbreaks, publication of government or industry findings concerning food products, environmental disasters, crime incidents, data security breaches, scandals involving our employees, or operational problems at our restaurants, all of which could make our brands and menu offerings less appealing to our guests and negatively impact our guest counts and sales. adverse publicity and its effect on overall consumer perceptions of our brands, or our failure to respond effectively to adverse publicity, could have a material adverse effect on our business.
our inability or failure to recognize, respond to and effectively manage the accelerated impact of social media could have a material adverse impact on our business.
there has been a marked increase in the use of social media platforms and similar devices which allow individuals access to a broad audience of consumers and other interested persons.  many social media platforms immediately publish the content their subscribers and participants post, often without filters or checks on accuracy of the content posted.  information posted on such platforms at any time may be adverse to our interests or may be inaccurate, each of which may harm our performance, prospects, or business.  the harm may be immediate without affording us an opportunity for redress or correction.  the dissemination of information online could harm our business, prospects, financial condition, and results of operations, regardless of the information's accuracy.
many of our competitors are expanding their use of social media and new social media platforms are rapidly being developed, potentially making more traditional social media platforms obsolete. as a result, we need to continuously innovate and develop our social media strategies in order to maintain broad appeal with guests and brand relevance. as part of our marketing efforts, we rely on social media platforms and search engine marketing to attract and retain guests. we also continue to invest in other digital marketing initiatives that allow us to reach our guests across multiple digital channels and build their awareness of, engagement with, and loyalty to our brands. these initiatives may not be successful, resulting in expenses incurred without the benefit of higher revenues, increased employee engagement or brand recognition. in addition, a variety of risks are associated with the use of social media, including the improper disclosure of proprietary information, negative comments about us, exposure of personally identifiable information, fraud, or out-of-date information. the inappropriate use of social media vehicles by our guests or employees could increase our costs, lead to litigation or result in negative publicity that could damage our reputation.
a majority of our restaurants are operated in leased properties and we are committed to long-term and non-cancelable leases that we may want to cancel, and may be unable to renew the leases that we may want to extend at the end of their terms.
as of may 31, 2020, 1,730 of our 1,804 restaurants operating in the united states and canada operate in leased locations. if we close a restaurant in a leased location, we may remain committed to perform our obligations under the applicable lease, which would include, among other things, payment of the base rent for the balance of the lease term. additionally, the potential losses associated with our inability to cancel leases may result in our keeping open restaurant locations that are performing significantly below targeted levels. as a result, ongoing lease obligations at closed or underperforming restaurant locations could impair our results of operations. in addition, at the end of the lease term and expiration of all renewal periods, we may be unable to renew the lease without substantial additional cost, if at all. as a result, we may be required to close or relocate a restaurant, which could subject us to construction and other costs and risks, and may have an adverse effect on our operating performance.
we may be subject to increased labor and insurance costs.
our restaurant operations are subject to united states and canadian federal, state and local laws governing such matters as minimum wages, working conditions, overtime and tip credits. as federal, state and local minimum wage rates increase, we may need to increase not only the wages of our minimum wage employees, but also the wages paid to employees at wage rates that are above minimum wage. labor shortages, increased employee turnover and health care and other benefit mandates could also increase our labor costs. this in turn could lead us to increase prices which could impact our sales. conversely, if competitive pressures or other factors prevent us from offsetting increased labor costs by increases in prices, our profitability may decline. in addition, the current premiums that we pay for our insurance (including workers' compensation, general liability, property, health, and directors' and officers' liability) may increase at any time, thereby further increasing our costs. the dollar amount of claims that we actually experience under our workers' compensation and general liability insurance, for which we carry high per-claim deductibles, may also increase at any time, thereby further increasing our costs. further, the decreased availability of property and liability insurance has the potential to negatively impact the cost of premiums and the magnitude of uninsured losses.
our inability or failure to execute on a comprehensive business continuity plan following a major natural disaster such as a hurricane or manmade disaster, at our corporate facility could have a materially adverse impact on our business.
many of our corporate systems and processes and corporate support for our restaurant operations are centralized at one florida location. we have disaster recovery procedures and business continuity plans in place to address most events of a crisis nature, including hurricanes and other natural or manmade disasters, and back up and off-site locations for recovery of electronic and other forms of data and information. however, if we are unable to fully implement our disaster recovery plans, we may experience delays in recovery of data, inability to perform vital corporate functions, tardiness in required reporting and compliance, failures to adequately support field operations and other breakdowns in normal communication and operating procedures that could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operation and exposure to administrative and other legal claims.
we face intense competition, and if we have an insufficient focus on competition and the consumer landscape, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.
the full-service dining sector of the restaurant industry is intensely competitive with respect to pricing, service, location, personnel, take-out and delivery options and type and quality of food, and there are many well-established competitors. we compete within each market with national and regional restaurant chains and locally-owned restaurants. we also face growing competition as a result of the trend toward convergence in grocery, deli and restaurant services, particularly in the supermarket industry which offers "convenient meals" in the form of improved entrées, side dishes or meal preparation kits from the deli or prepared foods sections. we compete primarily on the quality, variety and value perception of menu items. the number and location of restaurants, type of brand, quality and efficiency of service, attractiveness of facilities and effectiveness of advertising and marketing programs are also important factors. we anticipate that intense competition will continue with respect to all of these factors. if we are unable to continue to compete effectively, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.
we are subject to changes in consumer preferences that may adversely affect demand for food at our restaurants.
consumers have continually changing health and dietary preferences. as a result, our diverse portfolio of restaurant brands are continually challenged to evolve our menu offerings to appeal to these changing customer preferences, while maintaining our brand character and retaining popular menu items. in response to the covid-19 pandemic, many consumers have preferred to order food to go or for delivery rather than dining in at full-service restaurants, and if these preferences continue and consumers continue to avoid gathering in public places in large groups, we may need to further adapt our offerings to accommodate these changes. new information or changes in dietary, nutritional, allergen or health guidelines or environmental or sustainability concerns, whether issued by government agencies, academic studies, advocacy organizations or similar groups, may cause some groups of consumers to select foods other than those that are offered by our restaurants. if we fail to anticipate changing trends or other consumer preferences, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.
our failure to drive both short-term and long-term profitable sales growth through brand relevance, operating excellence, opening new restaurants of existing brands, and acquiring new restaurant brands could result in poor financial performance.
as part of our business strategy, we intend to drive profitable sales growth by increasing same-restaurant sales at existing restaurants, continuing to expand our current portfolio of restaurant brands, and acquiring additional brands that can be expanded profitably. this strategy involves numerous risks, and we may not be able to achieve our growth objectives.
at existing brands, we may not be able to maintain brand relevance and restaurant operating excellence to achieve sustainable same-restaurant sales growth and warrant new unit growth. existing brand short-term sales growth could be impacted if we are unable to drive near term guest count and sales growth, and long-term sales growth could be impacted if we fail to extend our existing brands in ways that are relevant to our guests. a failure to innovate and extend our existing brands in ways that are relevant to guests and occasions in order to generate sustainable same-restaurant traffic growth and produce non-traditional sales and earnings growth opportunities, insufficient focus on our competition, or failure to adequately address declines in the casual dining industry, could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. in addition, we may not be able to support sustained new unit growth or open all of our planned new restaurants, and the new restaurants that we open may not be profitable or as profitable as our existing restaurants. new restaurants typically experience an adjustment period before sales levels and operating margins normalize, and even sales at successful newly-opened restaurants generally do not make a significant contribution to profitability in their initial months of operation. the opening of new restaurants can also have an adverse effect on guest counts and sales levels at existing restaurants.
the ability to open and profitably operate restaurants is subject to various risks, such as the identification and availability of suitable and economically viable locations, the negotiation of acceptable lease or purchase terms for new locations, the need to obtain all required governmental permits (including zoning approvals and liquor licenses) on a timely basis, the need to comply with other regulatory requirements, the availability of necessary contractors and subcontractors, the ability to meet construction schedules and budgets, the ability to manage union activities such as picketing or hand billing which could delay construction, increases in labor and building material costs, the availability of financing at acceptable rates and terms, changes in weather or other acts of god that could result in construction delays and adversely affect the results of one or more restaurants for an indeterminate amount of time, our ability to hire and train qualified management personnel and general economic and business conditions. at each potential location, we compete with other restaurants and retail businesses for desirable development sites, construction contractors, management personnel, hourly employees and other resources. if we are unable to successfully manage these risks, we could face increased costs and lower than anticipated sales and earnings in future periods.
we also may not be able to identify and successfully acquire and integrate additional brands that are as profitable as our existing restaurants or that provide potential for further growth.
a lack of availability of suitable locations for new restaurants or a decline in the quality of the locations of our current restaurants may adversely affect our sales and results of operations.
the success of our restaurants depends in large part on their locations. as demographic and economic patterns change, current locations may not continue to be attractive or profitable. possible declines in neighborhoods where our restaurants are located or adverse economic conditions in areas surrounding those neighborhoods could result in reduced sales in those locations. in addition, desirable locations for new restaurant openings or for the relocation of existing restaurants may not be available at an acceptable cost when we identify a particular opportunity for a new restaurant or relocation. the occurrence of one or more of these events could have a significant adverse effect on our sales and results of operations.
we may experience higher-than-anticipated costs associated with the opening of new restaurants or with the closing, relocating and remodeling of existing restaurants, which may adversely affect our results of operations.
our sales and expenses can be impacted significantly by the number and timing of the opening of new restaurants and the closing, relocating and remodeling of existing restaurants. we incur substantial pre-opening expenses each time we open a new restaurant and other expenses when we close, relocate or remodel existing restaurants. the expenses of opening, closing, relocating or remodeling any of our restaurants may be higher than anticipated. an increase in such expenses could have an adverse effect on our results of operations.
a failure to identify and execute innovative marketing and guest relationship tactics, ineffective or improper use of other marketing initiatives, and increased advertising and marketing costs could adversely affect our results of operations.
if our competitors increase their spending on advertising and promotions, if our advertising, media or marketing expenses increase, if our advertising and promotions become less effective than those of our competitors, or if we do not adequately leverage technology and data analytic capabilities needed to generate concise competitive insight, we could experience a material adverse effect on our results of operations. a failure to sufficiently innovate, develop guest relationship initiatives, or maintain adequate and effective advertising could inhibit our ability to maintain brand relevance and drive increased sales.
as part of our marketing efforts, we rely on social media platforms and search engine marketing to attract and retain guests. these initiatives may not be successful, and pose a variety of other risks, as discussed above under the heading: "our inability or failure to recognize, respond to and effectively manage the accelerated impact of social media could have a material adverse impact on our business."
a failure to address cost pressures, including rising costs for commodities, labor, health care and utilities used by our restaurants, and a failure to effectively deliver cost management activities and achieve economies of scale in purchasing could compress our margins and adversely affect our sales and results of operations.
our results of operations depend significantly on our ability to anticipate and react to changes in the price and availability of food, ingredients, labor, health care, utilities and other related costs over which we may have little control. operating margins for our restaurants are subject to changes in the price and availability of food commodities, including beef, pork, chicken, seafood, cheese, butter and produce. the introduction of or changes to tariffs on imported food products, such as produce and seafood, could increase our costs and possibly impact the supply of those products. we cannot predict whether we will be able to anticipate and react to changing food costs by adjusting our purchasing practices, menu offerings, and menu prices, and a failure to do so could adversely affect our operating results. we attempt to leverage our size to achieve economies of scale in purchasing, but there can be no assurances that we can always do so effectively. we are also subject to the general risks of inflation.
increases in minimum wage, health care and other benefit costs may have a material adverse effect on our labor costs. we operate in many states and localities where the minimum wage is significantly higher than the federal minimum wage. increases in minimum wage may also result in increases in the wage rates paid for non-minimum wage positions. many states and localities are also passing laws regulating employment practices and working conditions which could have a material adverse effect on our labor costs in those areas.
our restaurants' operating margins are also affected by fluctuations in the price of utilities such as electricity and natural gas, whether as a result of inflation or otherwise, on which the restaurants depend for their energy supply. in addition, interruptions to the availability of gas, electric, water or other utilities, whether due to aging infrastructure, weather conditions, fire, animal damage, trees, digging accidents or other reasons largely out of our control, may adversely affect our operations. our inability to anticipate and respond effectively to an adverse change in any of these factors could have a significant adverse effect on our sales and results of operations.
we may lose sales or incur increased costs if our restaurants experience shortages, delays or interruptions in the delivery of food and other products from our third party vendors and suppliers.
shortages, delays or interruptions in the supply of food items and other supplies to our restaurants may be caused by inclement weather; natural disasters such as hurricanes, tornadoes, floods, droughts and earthquakes; labor issues or other operational disruptions at our suppliers, vendors or other service providers; the inability of our vendors or service providers to manage adverse business conditions, obtain credit or remain solvent; or other conditions beyond our control. such shortages, delays or interruptions could adversely affect the availability, quality and cost of the items we buy and the operations of our restaurants. we have a limited number of suppliers and distributors for certain of our products and services. supply chain risk could increase our costs and limit the availability of products that are critical to our restaurant operations. if we raise prices as a result of increased food costs or shortages, it may negatively impact our sales. if we temporarily close a restaurant or remove popular items from a restaurant's menu, that restaurant may experience a significant reduction in sales during the time affected by the shortage or thereafter as a result of our guests changing their dining habits.
adverse weather conditions and natural disasters could adversely affect our restaurant sales.
adverse weather conditions can impact guest traffic at our restaurants, cause the temporary underutilization of outdoor patio seating and, in more severe cases such as hurricanes, tornadoes or other natural disasters, cause temporary closures, sometimes for prolonged periods, which would negatively impact our restaurant sales. changes in weather could result in construction delays, interruptions to the availability of utilities, and shortages or interruptions in the supply of food items and other supplies, which could increase our costs. some climatologists predict that the long-term effects of climate change and global warming may result in more severe, volatile weather or extended droughts, which could increase the frequency and duration of weather impacts on our operations.
volatility in the market value of derivatives we may use to hedge exposures to fluctuations in commodity and broader market prices may cause volatility in our gross margins and net earnings.
we use or may use derivatives to hedge price risk for some of our principal ingredient, labor and energy costs, including but not limited to coffee, butter, wheat, soybean oil, pork, beef, diesel fuel, gasoline and natural gas. changes in the values of these derivatives may be recorded in earnings currently, resulting in volatility in both gross margin and net earnings. these gains and losses are reported as a component of cost of sales in our consolidated statements of earnings included in our consolidated financial statements.
volatility in the united states equity markets affects our ability to efficiently hedge exposures to our market risk related to equity-based compensation awards.
the equity markets in the united states have been extremely volatile due to the covid-19 pandemic and the recessionary cycle affecting the united states economy and the company's stock price has fluctuated significantly. we have equity hedges in place to protect the company from exposure to market risk related to future payout of equity-based compensation awards. however, because these hedges also net settle on a cash basis quarterly, we have been and may in the future be required to make cash payments at those quarterly settlement dates and the amounts of those payments are difficult to predict due to the recent extreme volatility of the equity markets. these cash payments may ultimately be offset by payments to us from the hedge counterparties or reductions in expected payouts to employees when those equity hedges finally fully settle and the related equity awards pay out.
certain economic and business factors specific to the restaurant industry and other general macroeconomic factors including unemployment, energy prices and interest rates that are largely beyond our control may adversely affect consumer behavior and our results of operations.
our business results depend on a number of industry-specific and general economic factors, many of which are beyond our control. the full-service dining sector of the restaurant industry is affected by changes in international, national, regional and local economic conditions, seasonal fluctuation of sales volumes, consumer spending patterns and consumer preferences, including changes in consumer tastes and dietary habits, and the level of consumer acceptance of our restaurant brands. the performance of individual restaurants may also be adversely affected by factors such as demographic trends, severe weather including hurricanes, traffic patterns and the type, number and location of competing restaurants.
general economic conditions, including economic downturns related to the covid-19 pandemic, have also adversely affected our results of operations and may continue to do so. the current economic recession, a protracted economic slowdown, a worsening economy, increased unemployment, increased energy prices, rising interest rates, a downgrade of the u.s. government's long-term credit rating, imposition of retaliatory tariffs on important u.s. imports and exports or other industry-wide cost pressures have affected and can continue to affect consumer behavior and spending for restaurant dining occasions and lead to a decline in sales and earnings. job losses, foreclosures, bankruptcies and falling home prices have caused and may continue to cause guests to make fewer discretionary purchases, and any significant decrease in our guest traffic or average profit per transaction will negatively impact our financial performance. in addition, if gasoline, natural gas, electricity and other energy costs increase, and credit card, home mortgage and other borrowing costs increase with rising interest rates, our guests may have lower disposable income and reduce the frequency of their dining occasions, may spend less on each dining occasion or may choose more inexpensive restaurants.
furthermore, we cannot predict the effects that actual or threatened armed conflicts, terrorist attacks, efforts to combat terrorism, heightened security requirements, or a failure to protect information systems for critical infrastructure, such as the electrical grid and telecommunications systems, could have on our operations, the economy or consumer confidence generally. any of these events could affect consumer spending patterns or result in increased costs for us due to security measures.
unfavorable changes in the above factors or in other business and economic conditions affecting our guests could increase our costs, reduce traffic in some or all of our restaurants or impose practical limits on pricing, any of which could lower our profit margins and have a material adverse effect on our sales, financial condition and results of operations.
disruptions in the financial and credit markets may adversely impact consumer spending patterns and affect the availability and cost of credit.
our ability to make scheduled payments or to refinance our debt and to obtain financing for acquisitions or other general corporate and commercial purposes will depend on our operating and financial performance, which in turn is subject to prevailing economic conditions and to financial, business and other factors beyond our control. turmoil in global credit markets could adversely impact the availability of credit already arranged, and the availability and cost of credit in the future. there can be no assurances that we will be able to arrange credit on terms we believe are acceptable or that permit us to finance our business with historical margins. a lack of credit could have an adverse impact on certain of our suppliers, landlords and other tenants in retail centers in which we are located. if these issues occur, they could negatively affect our financial results. any new disruptions in the financial markets may also adversely affect the u.s. and world economy, which could negatively impact consumer spending patterns.
we face a variety of risks associated with doing business with franchisees and licensees.
certain of our domestic and all of our international locations other than in canada are operated by franchisees or licensees. we believe that we have selected high-caliber operating partners and franchisees with significant experience in restaurant operations, and are providing them with training and support. however, the probability of opening, ultimate success and quality of any franchise or licensed restaurant rests principally with the franchisee or licensee. if the franchisee or licensee does not successfully open and operate its restaurants in a manner consistent with our standards, or guests have negative experiences due to issues with food quality or operational execution, our brand values could suffer, which could have an adverse effect on our business.
we face a variety of risks associated with doing business with business partners and vendors in foreign markets.
we are making efforts to expand our brands overseas through licensing and franchising relationships. there is no assurance that international operations will be profitable or that international growth will continue. our international operations are subject to all of the same risks associated with our domestic operations, as well as a number of additional risks. these include, among other things, international economic and political conditions, foreign currency fluctuations, and differing cultures and consumer preferences. in addition, expansion into international markets could create risks to our brands and reputation.
we also are subject to governmental regulations throughout the world that impact the way we do business with our international franchisees and vendors. these include antitrust and tax requirements, anti-boycott regulations, import/export/customs regulations and other international trade regulations, the usa patriot act, the foreign corrupt practices act, and applicable local law. failure to comply with any such legal requirements could subject us to monetary liabilities and other sanctions, which could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition.
failure to protect our service marks or other intellectual property could harm our business.
we regard our olive garden®, longhorn steakhouse®, cheddar's scratch kitchen®, yard house®, the capital grille®, the capital burger ®, seasons 52®, bahama breeze®, eddie v's prime seafood®, darden® and darden restaurants® service marks, and other service marks and trademarks related to our restaurant businesses, as having significant value and being important to our marketing efforts. we rely on a combination of protections provided by contracts, copyrights, patents, trademarks, service marks and other common law rights, such as trade secret and unfair competition laws, to protect our restaurants and services from infringement. we have registered certain trademarks and service marks in the united states and foreign jurisdictions. however, we are aware of names and marks identical or similar to our service marks being used from time to time by other persons. although our policy is to oppose any such infringement, further or unknown unauthorized uses or other misappropriation of our trademarks or service marks could diminish the value of our brands and adversely affect our business. in addition, effective intellectual property protection may not be available in every country in which we have or intend to open or franchise a restaurant. although we believe we have taken appropriate measures to protect our intellectual property, there can be no assurance that these protections will be adequate, and defending or enforcing our service marks and other intellectual property could result in the expenditure of significant resources.
impairment of the carrying value of our goodwill or other intangible assets could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
goodwill represents the difference between the purchase price of acquired companies and the related fair values of net assets acquired. a significant amount of judgment is involved in determining if an indication of impairment of goodwill exists. factors may include, among others: a significant decline in our expected future cash flows; a sustained, significant decline in our stock price and market capitalization; a significant adverse change in legal factors or in the business climate; unanticipated competition; the testing for recoverability of a significant asset group within a reporting unit; and slower growth rates. any adverse change in these factors could have a significant impact on the recoverability of these assets and negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations. we compute the amount of impairment by comparing the fair value of the reporting unit with the carrying amount of that reporting unit. we are required to record a non-cash impairment charge if the testing performed indicates that goodwill has been impaired.
we evaluate the useful lives of our other intangible assets, primarily the longhorn steakhouse®, cheddar's scratch kitchen®, the capital grille®, yard house® and eddie v's prime seafood® trademarks, to determine if they are definite or indefinite-lived. reaching a determination on useful life requires significant judgments and assumptions regarding the future effects of obsolescence, demand, competition, other economic factors (such as the stability of the industry, legislative action that results in an uncertain or changing regulatory environment, and expected changes in distribution channels), the level of required maintenance expenditures, and the expected lives of other related groups of assets.
as with goodwill, we test our indefinite-lived intangible assets (primarily trademarks) for impairment annually and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying value may not be recoverable. subsequent to our fiscal 2020 annual analysis, we identified an indication of impairment related to the impacts of the covid-19 pandemic requiring us to assess our goodwill and trademarks for impairment as of may 31, 2020. as a result of these analyses, we recorded impairments of our cheddar's scratch kitchen® trademark and the related goodwill from acquiring that brand. we cannot accurately predict the amount and timing of any further impairments of these or other assets. should the value of goodwill or other intangible assets become impaired, there could be an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
changes in tax laws or treaties and unanticipated tax liabilities could adversely affect our financial results.
we are subject to income and other taxes in the united states and certain foreign jurisdictions. our effective income tax rate and other taxes in the future could be adversely affected by a number of factors, including changes in the mix of earnings in countries with different statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, changes in tax laws or other legislative changes, certain international tax treaties and the outcome of income tax audits. although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, the final determination of tax audits could be materially different from our historical income tax provisions and accruals. the results of a tax audit could have a material effect on our results of operations or cash flows in the period or periods for which that determination is made. in addition, our effective income tax rate and our results may be impacted by our ability to realize deferred tax benefits and by any increases or decreases of our valuation allowances applied to our existing deferred tax assets.
failure of our internal controls over financial reporting and future changes in accounting standards may cause adverse unexpected operating results, affect our reported results of operations or otherwise harm our business and financial results.
our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting. internal control over financial reporting is a process to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states. because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting is not intended to provide absolute assurance that we would prevent or detect a misstatement of our financial statements or fraud. our growth and acquisition of other restaurant companies with procedures not identical to our own could place significant additional pressure on our system of internal control over financial reporting. any failure to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting could limit our ability to report our financial results accurately and timely or to detect and prevent fraud. a significant financial reporting failure or material weakness in internal control over financial reporting could cause a loss of investor confidence and decline in the market price of our common stock, increase our costs, lead to litigation or result in negative publicity that could damage our reputation.
a change in accounting standards can have a significant effect on our reported results and may affect our reporting of transactions before the change is effective. new pronouncements and varying interpretations of pronouncements have occurred and may occur in the future. changes to existing accounting rules or the application of current accounting practices may adversely affect our reported financial results. additionally, our assumptions, estimates and judgments related to complex accounting matters could significantly affect our financial results. generally accepted accounting principles and related accounting pronouncements, implementation guidelines and interpretations with regard to a wide range of matters that are relevant to our business, including but not limited to, revenue recognition, fair value of investments, impairment of long-lived assets, leases and related economic transactions, derivatives, pension and post-retirement benefits, intangibles, self-insurance, income taxes, property and equipment, unclaimed property laws and litigation, and stock-based compensation are highly complex and involve many subjective assumptions, estimates and judgments by us. changes in these rules or their interpretation or changes in underlying assumptions, estimates or judgments by us could significantly change our reported or expected financial performance.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations this discussion and analysis below for darden restaurants, inc. (darden, the company, we, us or our) should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related financial statement notes included in part ii of this report under the caption "item 8 - financial statements and supplementary data." we operate on a 52/53-week fiscal year, which ends on the last sunday in may. fiscal 2020, which ended may 31, 2020, consisted of 53 weeks and fiscal 2019, which ended may 26, 2019, consisted of 52 weeks.
overview of operations our business operates in the full-service dining segment of the restaurant industry. at may 31, 2020, we operated 1,804 restaurants through subsidiaries in the united states and canada under the olive garden®, longhorn steakhouse®, cheddar's scratch kitchen®, yard house®, the capital grille®, seasons 52®, bahama breeze® and eddie v's prime seafood® trademarks. we own and operate all of our restaurants in the united states and canada, except for 3 joint venture restaurants managed by us and 30 franchised restaurants. we also have 32 franchised restaurants in operation located in latin america and the middle east. all intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.
covid-19 pandemic in march 2020, the covid-19 outbreak was declared a national public health emergency resulting in a significant reduction in guest traffic at our restaurants due to changes in consumer behavior as public health officials encouraged social distancing and state and local governments mandated restrictions including suspension of dine-in operations, reduced restaurant seating capacity, table spacing requirements, bar closures and additional physical barriers. through the first three quarters of fiscal 2020, our financial results were strong as sales from continuing operations for the first nine months of fiscal 2020 were $6.54 billion, an increase of 4.1 percent over the prior year period. the covid-19 pandemic negatively impacted this strong performance, and for most of the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020, we operated with all of our dining rooms closed and served our guests in a to go only or to go and delivery format. our sales for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020 declined 43.0 percent from the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019. as we continue to navigate through the pandemic, we have taken significant steps to adapt our business to allow us to continue to serve guests, support our team members and secure our liquidity position to provide financial flexibility, including:
•   modifying our business operations in order to continue serving guests at our restaurants as safely and effectively as possible, including, initially transitioning all restaurant locations to a to go only or to go and delivery model;
•   reducing or eliminating fixed costs in our restaurants and restaurant support center as well as eliminating or delaying most nonessential capital spending;
•   furloughing a substantial number of hourly restaurant employees as a result of the closure of our dining rooms and reduction in sales;
•   protecting our team members' safety and wellbeing, including sourcing additional sanitation supplies and personal protective equipment, implementing paid sick leave for all hourly restaurant team members, providing a $75.0 million emergency pay program and covering $4.1 million of health and welfare insurance premiums for furloughed team members;
•   suspending the quarterly cash dividend, with the intention of reviewing our dividend policy as developments warrant;
•   fully drawing on our $750.0 million revolving credit agreement, which was subsequently repaid in may 2020;
•   securing a $270.0 million term loan;
•   raising $505.1 million in net proceeds from a follow-on equity offering;
•   suspending our share repurchase activity; and
•   implementing a careful, phased reopening of our dining rooms where permitted by local regulations.
the impact on our operating results as well as the operational and financial measures we have implemented in response to the covid-19 pandemic have been included throughout this document. as a result of the economic impact of the covid-19 pandemic, during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020, we recorded non-cash impairment charges of $390.0 million related to a portion of our goodwill, other indefinite-lived intangible assets, and other assets. see note 1 and note 3 of the notes to consolidated financial statements (part ii, item 8 of this report) for additional information. additionally, on march 27, 2020, the coronavirus aid, relief and economic security act (cares act) was signed into law in the united states. the provisions of the cares act provide for, among other items, refundable employee retention tax credits for which we intend to claim $39.2 million related to our emergency pay program mentioned above. see note 12 of the notes to consolidated financial statements (part ii, item 8 of this report) for additional information.
in late april 2020, state and local governments began to allow us to open dining rooms at limited capacities, along with other operating restrictions, and as of the date of filing this report, 89.0 percent of our restaurants were able to open their dining
31
rooms to some extent. while increasing our in-restaurant dining capacity is subject to the ordinances in the jurisdictions we operate, we are focused on increasing capacity where possible, continuing to provide a safe environment for our team members and guests, and maintaining many of the efficiencies established over these past few months. for most of the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020, our cash flows from operations were negative, but by the end of the quarter, with the increasing dining room capacity, we were back to near break-even cash flow levels. although we expect our restaurants' dining room capacity to increase as public health conditions improve and restrictions are eased, it is possible additional outbreaks could require us to reduce our capacity or further suspend our in-restaurant dining operations.
we believe that capable operators of strong, multi-unit brands have the opportunity to increase their share of the restaurant industry's full-service segment. generally, the restaurant industry is considered to be comprised of three segments: quick service, fast casual, and full service. all of our restaurants fall within the full-service segment, which is highly fragmented and includes many independent operators and small chains.  we believe we have strong brands and that the breadth and depth of our experience and expertise sets us apart in the full-service segment of the restaurant industry. this collective capability is the product of investments over many years in areas that are critical to success in our business, including restaurant operations excellence, brand management excellence, supply chain, talent management and information technology, among other things.
although the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020 required us to focus on adapting our business to account for the impacts of covid-19, our long-term operating philosophy remains focused on strengthening the core operational fundamentals of the business by providing an outstanding guest experience rooted in culinary innovation, attentive service, engaging atmosphere, and integrated marketing. the darden support structure enables our brands to achieve their ultimate potential through: (1) driving advantages in supply chain and general and administrative support; (2) applying insights collected from our significant guest and transactional databases to enhance guest relationships and identify new opportunities to drive sales growth; (3) relentlessly driving operating efficiencies and continuous improvement, operating with a sense of urgency and inspiring a performance-driven culture; and (4) our commitment to rigorous strategic planning.
we seek to increase profits by leveraging our fixed and semi-fixed costs with sales from new restaurants and increased guest traffic and sales at existing restaurants. to evaluate our operations and assess our financial performance, we monitor a number of operating measures, with a special focus on two key factors:
•   same-restaurant sales - which is a year-over-year 52-week comparison of each period's sales volumes for restaurants open at least 16 months; and
•   segment profit - which is restaurant sales, less food and beverage costs, restaurant labor costs, restaurant expenses and marketing expenses (sometimes referred to as restaurant-level earnings).
increasing same-restaurant sales can improve segment profit because these incremental sales provide better leverage of our fixed and semi-fixed restaurant-level costs. a restaurant brand can generate same-restaurant sales increases through increases in guest traffic, increases in the average guest check, or a combination of the two. the average guest check can be impacted by menu price changes and by the mix of menu items sold. for each restaurant brand, we gather daily sales data and regularly analyze the guest traffic counts and the mix of menu items sold to aid in developing menu pricing, product offerings and promotional strategies. we focus on balancing our pricing and product offerings with other initiatives to produce sustainable same-restaurant sales growth. we compute same-restaurant sales using restaurants open at least 16 months because this period is generally required for new restaurant sales levels to normalize. sales at newly opened restaurants generally do not make a significant contribution to profitability in their initial months of operation due to operating or integration inefficiencies. our sales and expenses can be impacted significantly by the number and timing of new restaurant openings and closings, and relocations and remodeling of existing restaurants. pre-opening expenses each period reflect the costs associated with opening new restaurants in current and future periods.
fiscal 2020 financial highlights our sales from continuing operations were $7.81 billion in fiscal 2020 compared to $8.51 billion in fiscal 2019. the 8.3 percent decrease in sales from continuing operations was primarily driven by negative combined darden same-restaurant sales of 11.0 percent partially offset by revenue from the addition of 19 net new company-owned restaurants. the decrease in sales was driven by the impact of covid-19 on our fourth quarter results in fiscal 2020 which declined 43.0 percent from the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019.
net loss from continuing operations for fiscal 2020 was $49.2 million ($0.40 per diluted share) compared with net earnings from continuing operations for fiscal 2019 of $718.6 million ($5.73 per diluted share). our results from continuing operations for fiscal 2020 decreased compared to fiscal 2019 primarily due to the economic impacts of covid-19 which had a material adverse effect on the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020.
our net loss from discontinued operations was $3.2 million ($0.03 per diluted share) for fiscal 2020, compared with a net loss from discontinued operations of $5.2 million ($0.04 per diluted share) for fiscal 2019. when combined with results from continuing operations, our diluted net loss per share was $0.43 for fiscal 2020 and diluted net earnings per share was $5.69 for fiscal 2019.
outlook while it is our normal practice to provide an annual financial outlook, given the level of volatility and uncertainty surrounding the future impact of the covid-19 outbreak, measures taken to control its spread, the broader u.s. economy and any specific impact on our financial results, we are providing only a limited outlook for fiscal 2021.
in fiscal 2021, we expect to open 35-40 net new restaurants and we expect capital expenditures incurred to build new restaurants, remodel and maintain existing restaurants and technology initiatives to be between $250.0 million and $300.0 million.
results of operations for fiscal 2020 and 2019
to facilitate review of our results of operations, the following table sets forth our financial results for the periods indicated. all information is derived from the consolidated statements of earnings for the fiscal years ended may 31, 2020 and may 26, 2019:
fiscal year ended             percent change
(in millions)                                           may 31, 2020                may 26, 2019               2020 vs 2019
sales                                                $7,806.9                    $8,510.4                    (8.3        )%
costs and expenses:
food and beverage                                     2,240.8                     2,412.5                    (7.1        )%
restaurant labor                                      2,682.6                     2,771.1                    (3.2        )%
restaurant expenses                                   1,475.1                     1,477.8                    (0.2        )%
marketing expenses                                      238.0                       255.3                    (6.8        )%
general and administrative expenses                     376.4                       405.5                    (7.2        )%
depreciation and amortization                           355.9                       336.7                     5.7         %
impairments and disposal of assets, net                 221.0                        19.0                      nm goodwill impairment                                     169.2                           -                      nm total operating costs and expenses                   $7,759.0                    $7,677.9                     1.1         %
operating income                                         47.9                       832.5                   (94.2        )%
interest, net                                            57.3                        50.2                    14.1         %
other (income) expense, net                             151.6                           -                      nm earnings (loss) before income taxes                    (161.0      )                782.3                      nm income tax expense (benefit) (1)                       (111.8      )                 63.7                      nm earnings (loss) from continuing operations             $(49.2      )               $718.6                      nm losses from discontinued operations, net of tax          (3.2      )                 (5.2      )               nm net earnings (loss)                                    $(52.4      )               $713.4                      nm
(1) effective tax rate                                   69.4      %                  8.1      %
nm- percentage change not considered meaningful.
the following table details the number of company-owned restaurants currently reported in continuing operations, compared with the number open at the end of fiscal 2019:
may 31, 2020          may 26, 2019
olive garden                           868                   866
longhorn steakhouse                    522                   514
cheddar's scratch kitchen (1)          165                   161
yard house                              81                    79
the capital grille (2)                  60                    58
seasons 52                              44                    44
bahama breeze eddie v's                               23                    21
total                                1,804                 1,785
(1)   includes seven franchised locations acquired in fiscal 2020.
(2)   includes two the capital burger restaurants in fiscal 2020 and one in fiscal 2019.
sales the following table presents our company-owned restaurant sales, u.s. same-restaurant sales (srs) and average annual sales per restaurant by brand for the periods indicated:
total sales                                                           average annual sales per restaurant (2)
fiscal year ended      percent change                                                             fiscal year ended
(in millions)                     may 31, 2020              may 26, 2019             srs (1)          may 31, 2020                    may 26, 2019
olive garden                   $4,013.8                  $4,287.3             (6.4   )%         (8.6   )%                     $4.5                            $5.0
longhorn steakhouse            $1,701.1                  $1,810.6             (6.0   )%         (8.8   )%                     $3.2                            $3.6
cheddar's scratch kitchen        $584.2                    $664.0            (12.0   )%        (17.1   )%                     $3.5                            $4.2
yard house                       $528.3                    $609.5            (13.3   )%        (17.3   )%                     $6.6                            $8.1
the capital grille               $405.0                    $461.4            (12.2   )%        (13.6   )%                     $6.8                            $8.0
seasons 52                       $215.1                    $253.2            (15.0   )%        (18.7   )%                     $4.7                            $5.9
bahama breeze                    $201.3                    $246.5            (18.3   )%        (20.1   )%                     $4.7                            $6.0
eddie v's                        $136.1                    $144.5             (5.8   )%        (15.2   )%                     $6.0                            $7.4
(1)   same-restaurant sales is a year-over-year comparison of each period's sales volumes for a 52-week year and is limited to restaurants open at least 16 months.
(2)   average annual sales are calculated as net sales divided by total restaurant operating weeks multiplied by 52 weeks.
olive garden's sales decrease for fiscal 2020 was primarily driven by a u.s. same-restaurant sales decrease primarily driven by the impact of covid-19, partially offset by revenue from new restaurants. the decrease in u.s. same-restaurant sales in fiscal 2020 resulted from a 10.0 percent decrease in same-restaurant guest counts offset by a 1.4 percent increase in average check.
longhorn steakhouse's sales decrease for fiscal 2020 was driven by a same-restaurant sales decrease primarily driven by the impact of covid-19, partially offset by revenue from new restaurants. the decrease in same-restaurant sales in fiscal 2020 resulted from a 10.4 percent decrease in same-restaurant guest counts offset by a 1.6 percent increase in average check.
in total, cheddar's scratch kitchen, yard house, the capital grille, seasons 52, bahama breeze and eddie v's generated sales in fiscal 2020 that were 13.0 percent below fiscal 2019. the sales decrease for fiscal 2020 was primarily driven by same-restaurant sales decreases driven by the impact of covid-19, partially offset by incremental sales from new restaurants.
costs and expenses the following table sets forth selected operating data as a percent of sales from continuing operations for the periods indicated. this information is derived from the consolidated statements of earnings for the fiscal years ended may 31, 2020 and may 26, 2019.
fiscal year ended may 31, 2020            may 26, 2019
sales                                         100.0   %               100.0        %
costs and expenses:
food and beverage                              28.7                    28.3
restaurant labor                               34.4                    32.6
restaurant expenses                            18.9                    17.4
marketing expenses                              3.0                     3.0
general and administrative expenses             4.8                     4.8
depreciation and amortization                   4.6                     4.0
impairments and disposal of assets, net         2.8                     0.2
goodwill impairment                             2.2                       -
total operating costs and expenses             99.4   %                90.2        %
operating income                                0.6                     9.8
interest, net                                   0.7                     0.6
other (income) expense, net                     1.9                       -
earnings (loss) before income taxes            (2.1   )                 9.2
income tax expense (benefit)                   (1.4   )                 0.7
earnings (loss) from continuing operations     (0.6   )                 8.4
total operating costs and expenses from continuing operations were $7.76 billion in fiscal 2020 and $7.68 billion in fiscal 2019.
fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019:
•   food and beverage costs increased as a percent of sales primarily due to a 1.0% impact from unfavorable menu mix and inflation partially offset by a 0.4% impact from pricing and a 0.3% impact related to cost savings initiatives.
•   restaurant labor costs increased as a percent of sales primarily due to a 1.3% impact from inflation and a 1.4% impact from sales deleverage and decreased productivity, partially offset by a 0.8% impact from pricing leverage.
•   restaurant expenses increased as a percent of sales primarily due to sales deleverage.
•   depreciation and amortization expenses increased as a percent of sales primarily due to sales deleverage.
•   impairments and disposal of assets, net increased as a percent of sales due to the economic impact of the covid-19 pandemic. during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020, we recorded non-cash impairment charges of $220.8 million related to a portion of our other indefinite-lived intangible assets and other assets.
•   goodwill impairment increased as a percent of sales due to the economic impact of the covid-19 pandemic. during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020, we recorded a non-cash impairment charge of $169.2 million related to a portion of our goodwill.
income taxes the effective income tax rates for fiscal 2020 and 2019 for continuing operations were 69.4 percent and 8.1 percent, respectively. during fiscal 2020, we had an income tax benefit of $111.8 million compared to income tax expense of $63.7 million in fiscal 2019. the significant change was driven primarily by our net loss from continuing operations in fiscal 2020, compared to fiscal 2019 net earnings from continuing operations and the impact of certain tax credits on our lower earnings before income taxes.
net earnings and net earnings per share from continuing operations net loss from continuing operations for fiscal 2020 was $49.2 million ($0.40 per diluted share) compared with net earnings from continuing operations for fiscal 2019 of $718.6 million ($5.73 per diluted share).
our results from continuing operations for fiscal 2020 decreased compared with fiscal 2019 primarily due to the economic impacts of covid-19 which had a material adverse effect on the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020. our diluted per share results from continuing operations were negatively impacted by approximately $2.19 in fiscal 2020 due to non-cash goodwill and trademark impairments, approximately $0.29 due to non-cash restaurant-level impairments and approximately $0.18 due to inventory and note receivable write-downs. additionally, our diluted per share results from continuing operations for fiscal 2020 were adversely impacted by approximately $0.89 due to a pension settlement charge and approximately $0.02 due to an international structure simplification from the second quarter of fiscal 2020.
loss from discontinued operations on an after-tax basis, results from discontinued operations for fiscal 2020 were a net loss of $3.2 million ($0.03 per diluted share) compared with a net loss for fiscal 2019 of $5.2 million ($0.04 per diluted share).
segment results we manage our restaurant brands, olive garden, longhorn steakhouse, cheddar's scratch kitchen, yard house, the capital grille, seasons 52, bahama breeze and eddie v's in the u.s. and canada as operating segments. we aggregate our operating segments into reportable segments based on a combination of the size, economic characteristics and sub-segment of full-service dining within which each brand operates. our four reportable segments are: (1) olive garden, (2) longhorn steakhouse, (3) fine dining and (4) other business. see note 5 of the notes to consolidated financial statements (part ii, item 8 of this report) for further details.
our management uses segment profit as the measure for assessing performance of our segments. the following table presents segment profit margin for the periods indicated:
fiscal year ended               change segment               may 31, 2020           may 26, 2019         2020 vs 2019
olive garden                 18.3%                  20.5%   (220   )      bp longhorn steakhouse          15.4%                  18.2%   (280   )      bp fine dining                  16.3%                  20.6%   (430   )      bp other business                8.9%                  14.7%   (580   )      bp the decrease in the olive garden, longhorn steakhouse, fine dining and other business' segment profit margins for fiscal 2020 was driven primarily by negative same-restaurant sales during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020, resulting from the economic impact of covid-19.
results of operations for fiscal 2019 compared to 2018
for a comparison of our results of operations for the fiscal years ended may 26, 2019 and may 27, 2018, see "part ii, item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" of our annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended may 26, 2019, filed with the sec on july 19, 2019.
seasonality our sales volumes fluctuate seasonally. typically, our average sales per restaurant are highest in the winter and spring, followed by the summer, and lowest in the fall. holidays, changes in the economy, severe weather and similar conditions may impact sales volumes seasonally in some operating regions. because of the seasonality of our business, results for any quarter are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be achieved for the full fiscal year. we are not able to predict the impact that the covid-19 pandemic may have on the seasonality of our business.
impact of inflation we attempt to minimize the annual effects of inflation through appropriate planning, operating practices and menu price increases. we do not believe inflation had a significant overall effect on our annual results of operations during fiscal 2020 or 2019.
critical accounting estimates we prepare our consolidated financial statements in conformity with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles. the preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of sales and expenses during the reporting period. actual results could differ from those estimates.
our significant accounting policies are more fully described in note 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements (part ii, item 8 of this report). judgments and uncertainties affecting the application of those policies may result in materially different amounts being reported under different conditions or using different assumptions. we consider the following estimates to be most critical in understanding the judgments that are involved in preparing our consolidated financial statements.
leases we evaluate our leases at their inception to estimate their expected term, which commences on the date when we have the right to control the use of the leased property and includes the non-cancelable base term plus all option periods we are reasonably certain to exercise. our judgment in determining the appropriate expected term and discount rate for each lease affects our evaluation of:
•   the classification and accounting for leases as operating versus finance;
•   the rent holidays and escalation in payments that are included in the calculation of the lease liability and related right-of-use asset; and
•   the term over which leasehold improvements for each restaurant facility are amortized.
these judgments may produce materially different amounts of lease liabilities and right-of-use assets recognized on our consolidated balance sheets, as well as depreciation, amortization, interest and rent expense recognized in our consolidated statements of earnings if different discount rates and expected lease terms were used.
valuation of long-lived assets land, buildings and equipment, operating lease right-of-use assets and certain other assets, including definite-lived intangible assets, are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. a significant amount of judgment is involved in determining if an indicator of impairment has occurred. such indicators may include, among others: a significant decline in our expected future cash flows; unanticipated competition; slower growth rates, ongoing maintenance and improvements of the assets, or changes in the usage or operating performance. any adverse change in these factors could have a significant impact on the recoverability of these assets and could have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.
during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020, we identified indicators of impairment of our long-lived assets due to covid-19, including but not limited to significant decline in cash flows, significant decline in sales, and overall challenging environment for the restaurant industry due to the mandated suspension of dine-in operations and other restrictions such as table spacing requirements. due to the indicators that were present throughout our fourth quarter, we deemed it more likely than not that an impairment may have occurred in our long-lived assets and performed impairment testing as of may 31, 2020. as a result of our impairment test, we recorded pre-tax non-cash impairment charges of $47.0 million in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020 related to 11 underperforming restaurants we permanently closed during the quarter and 9 other restaurants whose projected cash flows were not sufficient to cover their respective carrying values.
significant judgment was used in estimating both the recoverability of the carrying value and fair value of the long-lived assets:
•   recoverability was determined by our ability to recognize undiscounted cash flows over the carrying value of the assets.
•   cash flow assumptions were based on forecasted sales and expenses utilizing historical and current trends factoring in the estimated impact of covid-19, and estimated useful life of the assets.
•   fair value was determined based on discounted cash flows, sales prices of comparable assets, or third-party appraisals which included market, growth and discount rates.
valuation and recoverability of goodwill and trademarks we have eight reporting units, six of which had goodwill and seven of which had trademarks. goodwill and trademarks are not subject to amortization and goodwill has been assigned to reporting units for purposes of impairment testing. the reporting units are our restaurant brands. a significant amount of judgment is involved in determining if an indicator of impairment has occurred. such indicators may include, among others: a significant decline in our expected future cash flows; a sustained, significant decline in our stock price and market capitalization; a significant adverse change in legal factors or in the business climate; unanticipated competition; the testing for recoverability of a significant asset group within a reporting unit; and slower growth rates. any adverse change in these factors could have a significant impact on the recoverability of these assets and could have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. we review our goodwill and trademarks for impairment annually, as of the first day of our fourth fiscal quarter, or more frequently if indicators of impairment exist.
we estimate the fair value of each reporting unit using the best information available, including market information (also referred to as the market approach) and discounted cash flow projections (also referred to as the income approach). a market approach estimates fair value by applying sales or cash flow multiples to the reporting unit's operating performance. the multiples are derived from comparable publicly traded companies with similar operating and investment characteristics of the reporting units. the income approach uses a reporting unit's projection of estimated operating results and cash flows that are discounted using a weighted-average cost of capital that reflects current market conditions. we recognize a goodwill impairment loss when the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying value.
we estimate the fair value of trademarks using the relief-from-royalty method, which requires assumptions related to projected sales from our annual long-range plan; assumed royalty rates that could be payable if we did not own the trademarks; and a discount rate. we recognize an impairment loss when the estimated fair value of the trademark is less than its carrying value.
we performed our annual impairment test of our goodwill and trademarks as of february 24, 2020 which was the first day of our fiscal 2020 fourth quarter. as of february 24, 2020, no impairment of goodwill or trademarks was indicated based on our testing. however, subsequent to our annual test date, we identified indicators of impairment due to the covid-19 pandemic, including but not limited to stock price volatility in general, the volatility of our stock price as well as our competitors, the significant decline in our market capitalization, declining sales at our restaurants and the challenging environment for the restaurant industry due to the mandated suspension of dine-in operations and other restrictions such as table spacing requirements. due to the indicators that were present throughout our fourth quarter, we deemed it more likely than not that an impairment may have occurred in both our goodwill and trademark balances and performed impairment testing as of may 31, 2020 to determine if the fair values were less than their carrying values. due to the economic impact of covid-19 on darden's overall market capitalization and the impact on cheddar's scratch kitchen's projected sales and cash flows, we determined that both the estimated fair values of the trademark and the reporting unit for cheddar's scratch kitchen were less than their respective carrying values. as a result, we recorded in our fiscal 2020 fourth quarter pre-tax non-cash impairment charges of $145.0 million and $169.2 million related to the cheddar's scratch kitchen trademark and goodwill balances, respectively. the fair value of our remaining reporting units exceeded their carrying values by at least 30 percent and the trademark fair value of our remaining reporting units exceeded their carrying values by at least 40 percent.
significant judgment was used when performing our impairment testing of goodwill and trademarks including the following estimates:
•   future sales, operating results and cash flows: the projected performance for each reporting unit was based on a combination of historical and current trends, organic growth expectations, residual growth rate assumptions and considerations from the impact of covid-19.
•   royalty rate: the royalty rates were determined based on internal assumptions combined with observed market participant data. the royalty rates used ranged from 2.75 percent to 4.0 percent.
•   discount rate: the discount rate was on an adjusted estimated weighted average cost of capital (wacc) for each business unit. the cost of equity estimate utilized both external and internal assumptions including perceived risk attributable to each reporting unit specifically.
•   market multiples and control premiums: both market multiples and control premiums were estimated using observable market data.
a key assumption in our goodwill impairment test was the wacc utilized for discounting our estimated future cash flows to estimate the fair value of our reporting units under the income approach. a key assumption in our trademark impairment test was the discount rate utilized in the relief-from-royalty method. the following table illustrates the sensitivity to a one-percentage-
point change in the wacc and discount rate assumptions for goodwill and trademark valuation models for our material reporting unit balances.
goodwill sensitivity                                                                                                                                                            trademark sensitivity
(dollars in millions)               wacc        amount by which fair value exceeded carrying value            impact to fair value from a one-percentage-point increase in wacc              discount rate        amount by which fair value exceeded carrying value            impact to fair value from a one-percentage-point increase in the discount rate longhorn steakhouse            10.5    %        $2,266.2                                                      $(190.0                                         )                              11.5        %        $502.0                                                        $(90.0                                                    )
the capital grille             11.0    %        $382.5                                                        $(65.0                                          )                              12.0        %        $63.0                                                         $(20.0                                                    )
yard house                     11.0    %        $176.4                                                        $(65.0                                          )                              12.0        %        $141.0                                                        $(30.0                                                    )
cheddar's scratch kitchen      11.5    %        $-                                                            $(55.0                                          )                              12.5        %        $-                                                            $(20.0                                                    )
impairment of our assets, including goodwill or trademarks, adversely affects our financial position and results of operations, and our leverage ratio for purposes of our revolving credit agreement (revolving credit agreement) increases. a leverage ratio exceeding the maximum permitted under our revolving credit agreement would be a default under our revolving credit agreement.  at may 31, 2020, additional write-downs of goodwill, other indefinite-lived intangible assets, or any other assets in excess of approximately $1.10 billion would have been required to cause our leverage ratio to exceed the permitted maximum. as our leverage ratio is determined on a quarterly basis, and due to the seasonal nature of our business, a lesser amount of impairment in future quarters could cause our leverage ratio to exceed the permitted maximum.
unearned revenues unearned revenues primarily represent our liability for gift cards that have been sold but not yet redeemed. the estimated value of gift cards expected to remain unused is recognized over the expected period of redemption as the remaining gift card values are redeemed, generally over a period of 12 years. utilizing this method, we estimate both the amount of breakage and the time period of redemption. if actual redemption patterns vary from our estimates, actual gift card breakage income may differ from the amounts recorded. we update our estimates of our redemption period and our breakage rate periodically and apply that rate to gift card redemptions on a prospective basis. changing our breakage-rate estimates by 50 basis points would have resulted in an adjustment in our breakage income of approximately $3.1 million for fiscal 2020.
income taxes we estimate certain components of our provision for income taxes. these estimates include, among other items, depreciation and amortization expense allowable for tax purposes, allowable tax credits for items such as taxes paid on reported employee tip income, effective rates for state and local income taxes and the tax deductibility of certain other items. we adjust our annual effective income tax rate as additional information on outcomes or events becomes available.
assessment of uncertain tax positions requires judgments relating to the amounts, timing and likelihood of resolution. as described in note 12 of the notes to consolidated financial statements (part ii, item 8 of this report), the $21.6 million balance of unrecognized tax benefits at may 31, 2020, includes $6.2 million related to tax positions for which it is reasonably possible that the total amounts could change during the next 12 months based on the outcome of examinations. the $6.2 million relates to items that would impact our effective income tax rate.
liquidity and capital resources typically, cash flows generated from operating activities are our principal source of liquidity, which we use to finance capital expenditures for new restaurants and to remodel and maintain existing restaurants, to pay dividends to our shareholders and to repurchase shares of our common stock. since substantially all of our sales are for cash and cash equivalents, and accounts payable are generally paid in 5 to 90 days, we are typically able to carry current liabilities in excess of current assets. as previously noted, during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020, all of our restaurants began operating at reduced capacities due to the covid-19 outbreak and may not be able to generate sufficient cash from operations to cover all of our projected expenditures while operating at these reduced capacities. accordingly, in response to the current conditions, we have suspended our dividend until further notice and suspended our share repurchase activity. to secure our liquidity position and provide financial flexibility, during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020 we drew the full $750.0 million from our revolving credit agreement, secured $270 million through a term loan agreement and received $505.1 million in net proceeds in a follow-on equity offering. we subsequently fully repaid the $750.0 million drawn from our revolving credit agreement (see below for additional information).
we currently manage our business and financial ratios to target an investment-grade bond rating, which has historically allowed flexible access to financing at reasonable costs. our publicly issued long-term debt currently carries the following ratings:
•   moody's investors service "baa3";
•   standard &amp; poor's "bbb-"; and
•   fitch "bbb-".
our commercial paper has ratings of:
•   moody's investors service "p-3";
•   standard &amp; poor's "a-3"; and
•   fitch "f-3".
these ratings are as of the date of the filing of this report and have been obtained with the understanding that moody's investors service, standard & poor's and fitch will continue to monitor our credit and make future adjustments to these ratings to the extent warranted. the ratings are not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold our securities, may be changed, superseded or withdrawn at any time and should be evaluated independently of any other rating.
we maintain a $750.0 million revolving credit agreement with bank of america, n.a. (boa), as administrative agent, and the lenders and other agents party thereto. the revolving credit agreement is a senior unsecured credit commitment to the company and contains customary representations and affirmative and negative covenants (including limitations on liens and subsidiary debt and a maximum consolidated lease adjusted total debt to total capitalization ratio of 0.75 to 1.00) and events of default usual for credit facilities of this type. as of may 31, 2020, we were in compliance with all covenants under the revolving credit agreement.
the revolving credit agreement matures on october 27, 2022, and the proceeds may be used for working capital and capital expenditures, the refinancing of certain indebtedness, certain acquisitions and general corporate purposes. loans under the revolving credit agreement bear interest at a rate of libor plus a margin determined by reference to a ratings-based pricing grid (applicable margin), or the base rate (which is defined as the highest of the boa prime rate plus 0.075 percent, the federal funds rate plus 0.500 percent, and the eurocurrency rate plus 1.075 percent) plus the applicable margin. assuming a "bbb-" equivalent credit rating level, the applicable margin under the revolving credit agreement will be 1.075 percent for libor loans and 0.075 percent for base rate loans. as noted above, on march 17, 2020, we borrowed the full $750.0 million available under the revolving credit agreement and fully repaid the borrowing on may 5, 2020. as of may 31, 2020, we had no outstanding balances under the revolving credit agreement.
on april 6, 2020, we entered into a $270.0 million 364-day term loan credit agreement (the term loan agreement) with boa, as administrative agent, and the lenders and other agents party thereto. the term loan agreement is a senior unsecured obligation of the company and contains customary representations and affirmative and negative covenants (including limitations on liens and subsidiary debt and a maximum consolidated total debt to total capitalization ratio of 0.75 to 1.00). the term loan agreement also contains events of default customary for credit agreements of this type.
the term loan agreement was fully drawn on april 6, 2020 and matures on april 5, 2021, and the proceeds may be used for working capital and capital expenditures, the refinancing of certain indebtedness, certain acquisitions and general corporate purposes. the term loan agreement includes a covenant that we will not use the proceeds to pay any cash dividends to shareholders or to repurchase our common stock. the term loan agreement also contains a provision that allows existing lenders to increase their loans, and additional lenders to join the term loan agreement after the april 6, 2020 closing date and to make additional loans, up to a total principal amount of $370.0 million. no such increases or additional loans have been made as of the date of the filing of this report. interest rates on borrowings under the term loan agreement will be based on prevailing interest rates as described in the term loan agreement and, in part, upon our credit ratings. applicable interest rates under the term loan agreement may be modified in the event of a change in the rating of our long-term senior unsecured debt. the applicable interest rate for this loan at may 31, 2020 was 3.750 percent.
at may 31, 2020, our long-term debt consisted principally of:
•   $500.0 million of unsecured 3.850 percent senior notes due in may 2027;
•   $96.3 million of unsecured 6.000 percent senior notes due in august 2035;
•   $42.8 million of unsecured 6.800 percent senior notes due in october 2037; and
•   $300.0 million of unsecured 4.550 percent senior notes due in february 2048.
the interest rate on our $42.8 million 6.800 percent senior notes due october 2037 is subject to adjustment from time to time if the debt rating assigned to such series of notes is downgraded below a certain rating level (or subsequently upgraded). the maximum adjustment is 2.000 percent above the initial interest rate and the interest rate cannot be reduced below the initial interest rate. as of may 31, 2020, no such adjustments are made to this rate.
through our shelf registration statement on file with the sec, depending on conditions prevailing in the public capital markets, we may issue equity securities or unsecured debt securities from time to time in one or more series, which may consist of notes, debentures or other evidences of indebtedness in one or more offerings.
from time to time, we may repurchase our outstanding debt in privately negotiated transactions. such repurchases, if any, will depend on prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements and other factors.
from time to time, we enter into interest rate derivative instruments to manage interest rate risk inherent in our operations. see note 7 of the notes to consolidated financial statements (part ii, item 8 of this report).
a summary of our contractual obligations and commercial commitments at may 31, 2020, is as follows:
(in millions)                                                                                                                       payments due by period contractual obligations                                total                less than                   1-3                   3-5        more than
1 year                 years                 years        5 years short-term debt                                 $278.7                   $278.7                     $-                    $-             $-
long-term debt (1)                             1,596.4                     41.6                   83.2                  83.2             1,388.4
leases (2)                                     3,263.0                    399.0                  743.3                 613.1             1,507.6
purchase obligations (3)                         456.9                    445.7                   11.2                     -             -
benefit obligations (4)                          341.0                     25.5                   56.4                  63.8        195.3
unrecognized income tax benefits (5)              23.7                      7.3                    3.1                  13.3             -
total contractual obligations                 $5,959.7                 $1,197.8                 $897.2                $773.4             $3,091.3
(in millions)                                                                                                   amount of commitment expiration per period other commercial commitments                           total                less than                   1-3                   3-5        more than amounts                   1 year                 years                 years        5 years committed standby letters of credit (6)                   $109.3                   $109.3                     $-                    $-             $-
guarantees (7)                                   151.5                     39.4                   63.6                  32.1        16.4
total commercial commitments                    $260.8                   $148.7                  $63.6                 $32.1             $16.4
(1)   includes interest payments associated with existing long-term debt. excludes discount and issuance costs of $10.3 million.
(2)   includes noncancelable future operating lease and finance lease commitments.
(3)   includes commitments for food and beverage items and supplies, capital projects, information technology and other miscellaneous commitments.
(4)   includes expected contributions associated with our supplemental defined benefit pension plan and payments associated with our postretirement benefit plan and our non-qualified deferred compensation plan through fiscal 2030.
(5)   includes interest on unrecognized income tax benefits of $2.1 million, $1.1 million of which relates to contingencies expected to be resolved within one year.
(6)   includes letters of credit for $65.2 million of workers' compensation and general liabilities accrued in our consolidated financial statements and letters of credit for $44.0 million of surety bonds related to other payments.
(7)   consists solely of guarantees associated with leased properties that have been assigned to third parties and are primarily related to the disposition of red lobster. we believe the likelihood of the third parties defaulting on the assignment agreements is remote.
our adjusted debt to adjusted total capital ratio was 61 percent and 58 percent as of may 31, 2020 and may 26, 2019, respectively. based on these ratios, we believe our financial condition is strong. we include the lease-debt equivalent and contractual lease guarantees in our adjusted debt to adjusted total capital ratio reported to shareholders, as we believe its inclusion better represents the optimal capital structure that we target from period to period and because it is consistent with the calculation of the covenant under our revolving credit agreement.
in fiscal 2020, we amended our revolving credit agreement to update certain terms in the definition of the lease-debt equivalent made obsolete due to our adoption of financial accounting standards board accounting standards codification topic 842, leases in the first quarter of fiscal 2020. the amendment has not resulted in a material change in our financial covenant under the revolving credit agreement nor in our compliance with that covenant. for fiscal 2020, the lease-debt equivalent includes 6.00 times the total annual minimum rent for consolidated lease obligations of $392.6 million. for fiscal 2019 the lease-debt equivalent includes 6.00 times the combined total annual minimum rent for operating leases and annual minimum lease payments for financing leases on a consolidated basis of $359.5 million. the composition of our capital structure is shown in the following table:
(in millions, except ratios)                                                  may 31, 2020             may 26, 2019
capital structure short-term debt                                                              $270.0                       $-
long-term debt, excluding unamortized discount and issuance costs             939.1                    939.1
capital lease obligations                                                         -                     84.0
total debt                                                                 $1,209.1                 $1,023.1
stockholders' equity                                                        2,331.2                  2,392.6
total capital                                                              $3,540.3                 $3,415.7
calculation of adjusted capital total debt                                                                 $1,209.1                 $1,023.1
lease-debt equivalent                                                       2,355.4                  2,157.0
guarantees                                                                    151.5                    151.6
adjusted debt                                                              $3,716.0                 $3,331.7
stockholders' equity                                                        2,331.2                  2,392.6
adjusted total capital                                                     $6,047.2                 $5,724.3
capital structure ratios debt to total capital ratio                                                      34      %                30      %
adjusted debt to adjusted total capital ratio                                    61      %                58      %
net cash flows provided by operating activities from continuing operations were $717.4 million and $1.27 billion in fiscal 2020 and 2019, respectively. net cash flows provided by operating activities include net loss from continuing operations of $49.2 million in fiscal 2020 and net earnings from continuing operations of $718.6 million in fiscal 2019. net cash flows provided by operating activities from continuing operations decreased in fiscal 2020 primarily due to a net loss from continuing operations driven by the impact of covid-19 during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020.
net cash flows used in investing activities from continuing operations were $544.0 million in fiscal 2020 compared to net cash flows used in investing activities from continuing operations of $462.6 million in fiscal 2019. capital expenditures incurred principally for building new restaurants, remodeling existing restaurants, replacing equipment, and technology initiatives were $459.9 million in fiscal 2020, compared to $452.0 million in fiscal 2019. net cash flows used in investing activities for fiscal 2020 also reflect net cash used of $55.8 million in the acquisition of cheddar's scratch kitchen restaurants from existing franchisees.
net cash flows provided by financing activities from continuing operations were $138.7 million in fiscal 2020, compared to net cash flows used in financing activities from continuing operations of $484.2 million in fiscal 2019. net cash flows provided by financing activities in fiscal 2020 included proceeds of $750.0 million from drawing on our revolving credit agreement, net proceeds of $505.1 million from a follow-on common stock offering, proceeds of $270.0 million from a 364-day term loan, and proceeds from the exercise of employee stock options, partially offset by repayment of the $750.0 million drawn from our revolving credit agreement, dividend payments of $322.3 million and share repurchases of $330.3 million. net cash flows used in financing activities in fiscal 2019 included dividend payments of $370.8 million and share repurchases of $207.5 million, partially offset by proceeds from the exercise of employee stock options and proceeds from financing lease obligations.
our defined benefit and other postretirement benefit costs and liabilities are determined using various actuarial assumptions and methodologies prescribed under financial accounting standards board accounting standards codification topic 715, compensation - retirement benefits and topic 712, compensation - nonretirement postemployment benefits. in april 2018, our benefit plans committee approved the termination of our primary non-contributory defined benefit pension plan (the retirement income plan for darden restaurants, inc.).  plan participants who had not yet begun receiving their benefit payments were provided the opportunity to receive their full accrued benefits from plan assets by either (i) electing immediate lump sum distributions or annuities or (ii) deferring commencement of their benefits to a later date. during fiscal 2020, we made a funding contribution of approximately $12.7 million to fully fund the benefit obligation. as of may 31, 2020, all of the plan assets were either (i) distributed to settle the benefits for participants who selected the lump sum option or (ii) transferred to a third-party annuity provider for all other eligible participants. the settlement of the benefit obligation to plan participants in fiscal 2020 resulted in a pre-tax pension settlement charge of $145.5 million recorded in other (income) expense, net in our consolidated statement of earnings. we expect to contribute approximately $0.4 million to our supplemental defined benefit pension plan and approximately $1.3 million to our postretirement benefit plan during fiscal 2021.
we are not aware of any trends or events that would materially affect our capital requirements or liquidity. we believe that our internal cash-generating capabilities, the potential issuance of equity or unsecured debt securities under our shelf registration statement and short-term commercial paper or drawings under our revolving credit agreement should be sufficient to finance our capital expenditures, debt maturities and other operating activities through fiscal 2021. due to the impacts of covid-19 on our financial position, we have currently suspended dividends and share repurchases, however, we intend to review our dividend policy and share repurchases as conditions warrant, potentially during fiscal 2021.
off-balance sheet arrangements we are not a party to any off-balance sheet arrangements that have, or are reasonably likely to have, a current or future material effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, sales or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources.
financial condition our total current assets were $1.10 billion at may 31, 2020, compared with $892.6 million at may 26, 2019. the increase was primarily due to an increase in cash and cash equivalents driven by net proceeds from the issuance of short-term debt and proceeds from a follow-on equity offering, offset by repurchases of common stock and dividends paid and lower cash from operations due to the economic impact of covid-19.
our total current liabilities were $1.79 billion at may 31, 2020, compared with $1.47 billion at may 26, 2019. the increase was primarily due to an increase in short term debt as well as an increase in other current liabilities due to the operating lease liability recorded as a result of the adoption of the new lease accounting guidance.
application of new accounting standards see note 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements (part ii, item 8 of this report) for a discussion of recently issued accounting standards.
