item 1a. risk factors our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and the trading price of our common stock. listed below, not necessarily in order of importance or probability of occurrence, are the most significant risk factors applicable to us. additionally, forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, some of which cannot be predicted or quantified. see "forward-looking statements."
risks related to covid-19
our results of operations have been adversely affected and could in the future be materially adversely affected by the covid-19 pandemic.
the covid-19 pandemic has created significant volatility in the price of our common stock, uncertainty in customer demand for our services, and widespread economic disruption. the extent to which the coronavirus pandemic will further impact our business, operations and financial results will depend on numerous factors that are frequently changing or unknown, and that we may not be able to accurately predict, including: the duration and scope of the pandemic; governmental, business and individuals' responses or planned responses to the pandemic, including availability and administration rates of vaccines; the impact of the pandemic on economic activity and any interventions or government relief or stimulus intended to mitigate decreased economic activity; the effect on our customers and customer demand for our products, services, and solutions; our ability to sell and provide our products, services, and solutions, including as a result of travel restrictions, personnel working from home or with diminished technology and communication abilities, and social distancing; the ability of our customers to pay timely, if at all, for our services and solutions with or without discounts requested by our customers; bankruptcy or other insolvency procedures among our customers; and closures of our and our customers' offices and facilities. the closure of our customers' facilities, restrictions that prevent our customers from accessing those facilities or their own customers, and broad disruptions in our customers' markets and customer base, has disrupted, and could continue to disrupt the demand for our products, services, and solutions and result in, among other things, termination of customer contracts, delays or interruptions in the performance of contracts, losses of revenues, and an increase in bad debt expense. customers may also slow or halt decision making, delay planned work, or suspend, terminate, fail to renew, or reduce existing contracts or services. travel and immigration restrictions may delay or prevent our personnel from accessing worksites, and work-from-home or remote working arrangements could reduce profitability or increase information security, cyber security and connectivity vulnerabilities. in addition, when covid-19-related restrictions on businesses and consumers are eased, our ability to deliver services to our customers could be affected by any outbreak of illness among employees returning to our facilities or to our customers' facilities. moreover, there may be additional costs that we will have to incur in connection with further changes to, or a return to, normal operating conditions. to the extent the covid-19 pandemic adversely affects our business and financial results, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this section of this annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2020, including, but not limited to, those relating to our operations in emerging markets, our ability to execute on our growth strategy through strategic acquisitions, our dependency on third parties for network infrastructure, attracting, hiring, and retaining personnel, the effects on movements in foreign currency exchange rates, and the effects that changes to fiscal, political, regulatory and other federal policies may have on epam, each of which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and/or stock price.
10
risks related to our personnel and growth we may be unable to effectively manage our rapid growth or achieve anticipated growth, which could place significant strain on our management, systems, resources, and results of operations.
we have grown rapidly and significantly expanded our business over the past several years, both organically and through strategic acquisitions. our growth has resulted in part from managing larger and more complex projects for our customers, but consequently requires that we invest substantial amounts of cash in human capital and the infrastructure to support them, including training, administration, and facilities. our rapid growth places significant demands on our management and our administrative, operational and financial infrastructure, and creates challenges, including:
•recruiting, training and retaining sufficiently skilled professionals and management personnel;
•planning resource utilization rates on a consistent basis and efficiently using on-site, off-site and offshore staffing;
•maintaining close and effective relationships with a larger number of customers in a greater number of industries and locations;
•controlling costs and minimizing cost overruns and project delays in delivery center and infrastructure expansion;
•effectively maintaining productivity levels and implementing process improvements across geographies and business units; and
•improving our internal administrative, operational and financial infrastructure.
we intend to continue our expansion and pursue available opportunities for the foreseeable future. as we introduce new services, enter into new markets, and take on increasingly large and complex projects, our business may face new risks and challenges. if customers do not choose us for large and complex projects or we do not effectively manage those projects, our reputation, business, and financial goals may be damaged. we need to generate business and revenues to support new investments and infrastructure projects. if the challenges associated with expansion negatively impact our anticipated growth and margins, our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.
we must successfully attract, hire, train and retain qualified personnel to service our customers' projects and we must productively utilize those personnel to remain profitable.
identifying, recruiting, hiring and retaining professionals with diverse skill sets across our broad geography of operations is critical to maintaining existing engagements and obtaining new business. if we are unable to recruit skilled professionals and if we do not deploy those professionals and use computers and other fixed-cost resources productively, our profitability will be significantly impacted. we must manage the utilization levels of the professionals that we hire and train by planning for future needs effectively and staffing projects appropriately while accurately predicting the general economy and our customers' need for our services. if we are unable to attract, hire, train, and retain highly skilled personnel and productively deploy them on customer projects, we will jeopardize our ability to meet our customers' expectations and develop ongoing and future business, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
competition for highly skilled professionals is intense in the markets where we operate, and we may experience significant employee turnover rates due to such competition. if we are unable to retain professionals with specialized skills, our revenues, operating efficiency and profitability will decrease. cost reductions, such as reducing headcount, or voluntary departures that result from our failure to retain the professionals we hire, could negatively affect our reputation as an employer and our ability to hire personnel to meet our business requirements. price increases resulting from increasing compensation to retain personnel could lead to a decline in demand for our services.
there may be adverse tax and employment law consequences if the independent contractor status of some of our personnel or the exempt status of our employees is successfully challenged.
in several countries, certain of our personnel are retained as independent contractors. the criteria to determine whether an individual is considered an independent contractor or an employee are typically fact sensitive and vary by jurisdiction, as can the interpretation of the applicable laws. if a government authority changes the applicable laws or a court makes any adverse determination with respect to independent contractors in general or one or more of our independent contractors specifically, we could incur significant costs, including for prior periods, for tax withholding, social security taxes or payments, workers' compensation and unemployment contributions, and recordkeeping, or we may be required to modify our business model, any of which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and increase the difficulty in attracting and retaining personnel.
11
our success depends substantially on the continuing efforts of our senior executives and other key personnel, and our business may be severely disrupted if we lose their services.
our future success heavily depends upon the continued services of our senior executives and other key employees. if one or more of our senior executives or key employees are unable or unwilling to continue in their present positions, we may not be able to replace them easily or at all. if any of our senior executives or key personnel joins a competitor or forms a competing company, we may lose customers, suppliers, know-how and other key personnel to those competitors. if we are unable to attract new senior executives or key personnel due to the intense competition for talent in our industry, it could disrupt our business operations and growth.
if we fail to integrate or manage acquired companies efficiently, or if acquisitions do not perform to our expectations, our overall profitability and growth plans could be materially adversely affected.
strategic acquisitions are part of our expansion strategy, but these transactions involve significant risks. acquired companies may not advance our business strategy or achieve a satisfactory return on our investment, we may not be able to successfully integrate acquired employees and business culture, customer relationships, or operations, and acquisitions divert significant management attention and financial resources from our ongoing business. furthermore, contracts between our acquisition targets and their customers may lack terms and conditions that adequately protect us against the risks associated with the services we provide, which may increase our potential exposure to damages. if not effectively managed, the disruption of our ongoing business, increases in our expenses, including significant one-time expenses and write-offs, and difficulty and complexity of effectively integrating acquired operations may adversely affect our overall growth and profitability.
risks related to our operations instability in geographies where we have significant operations and personnel or where we derive substantial amounts of revenue could have a material adverse effect on our business, customers, service delivery, and financial results.
several countries in which we operate are experiencing or may continue to experience civil and political unrest. more than half of our revenues come from customers located in north america, particularly the united states, and we have significant operations in the emerging market economies of eastern europe. we had almost 220 employees in armenia as of december 31, 2020 and more than half of our global delivery, administrative, and support personnel are located in ukraine, russia, and belarus.
in the united states, political and civil discord, the election of a new presidential administration, and popular and regulatory scrutiny of the technology companies that form a part of our customer base have resulted in a period of social instability and potentially lasting change in the technology industry. belarus has experienced numerous and continued public protest activities and civil unrest since the presidential election in early august 2020, with active government and police-force intervention. the extent and duration of the instability in belarus remains uncertain. russia has also experienced similar public protest activities and civil unrest related to political matters with uncertain extent and duration. continuing armed conflict in parts of eastern ukraine and weak economic conditions that deteriorated because of the covid-19 pandemic have fueled ongoing economic uncertainty in ukraine, and armenia and azerbaijan recently agreed to a ceasefire after a long-term conflict erupted into open military engagement between the two countries in october 2020. our personnel are not located in the volatile regions of eastern ukraine or armenia. however, economic, civil, and political uncertainty exists and may continue in many of the regions where we operate and derive our revenue. international responses, including european union and u.s. sanctions against officials, individuals, regions, and industries in belarus, ukraine and russia, prolonged political and civil instability in the u.s, and each country's potential response to such sanctions and tensions could have a material adverse effect on our operations.
12
epam is actively monitoring and enhancing the security of our people and the stability of our infrastructure and the general infrastructure in the countries where we operate; and responding to outages in communications and internet availability according to our multilayer business continuity plans. to date we have not experienced any significant interruptions in our infrastructure, utility supply or internet connectivity needed to support our customers. we have developed and, in some cases, implemented additional contingency plans to relocate work and/or personnel to other locations and add new locations, as appropriate. our business continuity plans are designed to address known contingency scenarios to ensure that we have adequate processes and practices in place to protect the safety of our people and to handle potential impacts to our delivery capabilities. our crisis management procedures, business continuity plans, and disaster recovery capabilities may not be effective at preventing or mitigating the effects of prolonged or multiple crises, such as civil unrest, military conflict, and a pandemic in a concentrated geographic area. the current events in the regions where we operate and where we derive a significant amount of our business may pose security risks to our people, our facilities, our operations, and infrastructure, such as utilities and network services, and the disruption of any or all of them could materially adversely affect our operations and/or financial results. whether in these countries or in others in which we operate, civil unrest, political instability or uncertainty, military activities, or broad-based sanctions, should they continue for the long term or escalate, could require us to rebalance our geographic concentrations and could have a material adverse effect on our operations.
increases in wages, equity compensation, and other compensation expenses could prevent us from sustaining our competitive advantage, increase our costs, and result in dilution to our stockholders.
wages for technology professionals in the emerging markets where we have significant operations and delivery centers are lower than comparable wages in more developed countries. however, wages in the technology industry in these countries may increase at a faster rate than in the past, which may make us less competitive unless we are able to increase the efficiency and productivity of our people. if we increase operations and hiring in more developed economies, our compensation expenses will increase because of the higher wages demanded by technology professionals in those markets. wage inflation, whether driven by competition for talent or ordinary course pay increases, may also increase our cost of providing services and reduce our profitability if we are not able to pass those costs on to our customers or charge premium prices when justified by market demand.
we expect to continue our practice of granting equity-based awards under our stock incentive plans and paying other stock-based compensation. the expenses associated with stock-based compensation may make issuing equity awards under our equity incentive plans less attractive to us, but if we reduce the amount or value of equity award grants, we may not be able to attract and retain key personnel. conversely, if we grant more or higher value equity awards to attract and retain key personnel, the equity compensation expenses could materially adversely affect our results of operations. new regulations, volatility in our stock, and dilution to our stockholders could diminish our use and the value of our equity-based awards. this could put us at a competitive disadvantage or cause us to reconsider our compensation practices.
our operations in emerging markets subject us to greater economic, financial, and banking risks than we would face in more developed markets.
our significant operations in emerging market economies in eastern europe, india and certain other asian countries are vulnerable to market and economic volatility to a greater extent than more developed markets, which presents risks to our business and operations. a majority of our revenues are generated in north america and western europe. however, most of our personnel and delivery centers are located in lower cost locations, including emerging markets. this exposes us to foreign exchange risks relating to revenues, compensation, purchases, capital expenditures, receivables and other balance-sheet items. as we continue to leverage and expand our global delivery model into other emerging markets, a larger portion of our revenues and incurred expenses may be in currencies other than u.s. dollars. currency exchange volatility caused by economic instability or other factors could materially impact our results. see "item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk."
the economies of certain emerging market countries where we operate have experienced periods of considerable instability and have been subject to abrupt downturns. we have cash in banks in countries such as belarus, russia, ukraine, kazakhstan, georgia, armenia and uzbekistan, where the banking sector generally does not meet the banking standards of more developed markets, bank deposits made by corporate entities are not insured, and the banking system remains subject to instability. a banking crisis, or the bankruptcy or insolvency of banks that receive or hold our funds, particularly in belarus, may result in the loss of our deposits or adversely affect our ability to complete banking transactions in that region. in addition, some countries where we operate may impose regulatory or practical restrictions on the movement of cash and the exchange of foreign currencies within their banking systems, which would limit our ability to use cash across our global operations and increase our exposure to currency fluctuations. emerging market vulnerability, and especially its impact on currency exchange volatility and banking systems, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
13
we face intense and increasing competition for customers and opportunities from onshore and offshore it services and other consulting companies. if we are unable to compete successfully against competitors, pricing pressures or loss of market share could have a material adverse effect on our business.
the market for our services is highly competitive, and we expect competition to persist and intensify. we face competition from offshore it services providers in other outsourcing destinations with low wage costs such as india and china, as well as competition from large, global consulting and outsourcing firms and in-house it departments of large corporations. customers tend to engage multiple it services providers instead of using an exclusive it services provider, which could reduce our revenues or place significant downward pressure on pricing among competing it services providers. customers may prefer service providers that have more locations, more personnel, more experience in a particular country or market, or that are based in countries that are more cost-competitive or have the perception of being more stable than some of the emerging markets in which we operate.
current or prospective customers may elect to perform certain services themselves or may be discouraged from transferring services from onshore to offshore service providers, which could harm our ability to compete effectively with competitors that provide services from within the countries in which our customers operate.
some of our present and potential competitors may have substantially greater financial, marketing or technical resources; therefore, we may be unable to retain our customers or successfully attract new customers. increased competition, our inability to compete successfully, pricing pressures or loss of market share could have a material adverse effect on our business.
complying with a wide variety of legal requirements in the jurisdictions where we operate can create risks to our operations and financial condition, including liquidation of the subsidiaries that operate our major delivery centers.
our global operations require us to comply with a wide variety of foreign laws and regulations, trade or foreign exchange restrictions or sanctions, inflation, unstable political and military situations, labor issues, and legal systems that make it more difficult to enforce intellectual property, contractual, or corporate rights. certain legal provisions in russia, belarus, and ukraine, where our local subsidiaries operate important delivery centers and employ a significant number of billable and support professionals, may allow a court to order liquidation of a locally organized legal entity on the basis of its formal noncompliance with certain requirements during formation, reorganization or during its operations. if we fail to comply with certain requirements, including those relating to minimum net assets, governmental or local authorities can seek the involuntary liquidation of our local subsidiaries in court, and creditors will have the right to accelerate their claims, demand early performance of legal obligations, and demand compensation for any damages. involuntary liquidation of any of our subsidiaries could materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
our operating results may be negatively impacted by the loss of certain tax benefits provided to companies in our industry by the governments of belarus and other countries.
in belarus, one local subsidiary is a member, along with other technology companies, of high-technologies park. members have a full exemption from belarus income tax and value added tax until 2049 and are taxed at reduced amounts on obligatory social contributions and a variety of other taxes. in russia, our local subsidiary along with other qualified it companies, benefit from paying obligatory social contributions to the government at a significantly reduced rate as well as an exemption from value added tax in certain circumstances. if these tax benefits are changed, terminated, not extended or comparable new tax incentives are not introduced, we expect that our operating expenses and/or our effective income tax rate could increase significantly, which could materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. see "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - provision for income taxes."
risks related to regulation and legislation existing policy and substantial changes to fiscal, political, regulatory and other federal policies may adversely affect our business and financial results.
changes in general economic or political conditions in the united states could adversely affect our business. legacy u.s. policy with respect to a variety of issues, including international trade agreements, conducting business offshore, import and export regulations, tariffs and customs duties, foreign relations, immigration laws and travel restrictions, and corporate governance laws, could have a positive or negative impact on our business.
14
the majority of our professionals are offshore. companies that outsource services to organizations operating in other countries remains a topic of political discussion in many countries, including the united states, which is our largest source of revenues. the united states congress periodically proposes legislation that could impose restrictions on offshore outsourcing and on our ability to deploy employees holding u.s. work visas to customer locations, both of which could adversely impact our business. such legislative measures could broaden restrictions on outsourcing by federal and state government agencies and contracts and impact private industry with tax disincentives, intellectual property transfer restrictions, and restrictions on the use or availability of certain work visas.
some of our projects require our personnel to obtain visas to travel and work at customer sites outside of our personnel's home countries and often in the united states. our reliance on visas to staff projects with employees who are not citizens of the country where the work is to be performed makes us vulnerable to legislative and administrative changes in the number of visas to be issued in any particular year and other work permit laws and regulations. the process to obtain the required visas and work permits can be lengthy and difficult and variations due to political forces and economic conditions in the number of permitted applications, as well as application and enforcement processes, may cause delays or rejections when trying to obtain visas. delays in obtaining visas may result in delays in the ability of our personnel to travel to meet with and provide services to our customers or to continue to provide services on a timely basis. in addition, the availability of a sufficient number of visas without significant additional costs could limit our ability to provide services to our customers on a timely and cost-effective basis or manage our sales and delivery centers as efficiently as we otherwise could. delays in or the unavailability of visas and work permits could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
changes in privacy and data protection regulations could expose us to risks of noncompliance and costs associated with compliance.
epam is subject to the gdpr and the ccpa, each of which imposes significant restrictions and requirements relating to the processing of personal data. these and other national and international data protection laws are more burdensome than historical privacy standards, especially in the united states. the ccpa and gdpr each established complex legal obligations that organizations must follow with respect to the processing of personal data, including a prohibition on the transfer of personal information to third parties or to other countries, and the imposition of additional notification, security and other control measures.
enforcement actions taken by the european union data protection authorities, in the case of gdpr, or by individuals or the california regulatory authorities, in the case of the ccpa, as well as audits or investigations by one or more individuals, organizations, or foreign government agencies could result in penalties and fines for non-compliance or direct claims against us in the event of any loss or damage as a result of a breach of these regulations. the burden of compliance with additional data protection requirements may result in significant additional costs, complexity and risk in our services and customers may seek to shift the potential risks resulting from the implementation of data privacy legislation to us. we are required to establish processes and change certain operations in relation to the processing of personal data as a result of gdpr and ccpa, which may involve substantial expense and distraction from other aspects of our business.
we are subject to laws and regulations in the united states and other countries in which we operate, including export restrictions, economic sanctions, the fcpa, and similar anti-corruption laws. compliance with these laws requires significant resources and non-compliance may result in civil or criminal penalties and other remedial measures.
we are subject to many laws and regulations that restrict our international operations, including laws that prohibit activities involving restricted countries, organizations, entities and persons that have been identified as unlawful actors or that are subject to u.s. sanctions. the u.s. office of foreign assets control, or ofac, and other international bodies have imposed sanctions that prohibit us from engaging in trade or financial transactions with certain countries, businesses, organizations and individuals. we are also subject to the fcpa and anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws in other countries, all of which prohibit companies and their intermediaries from bribing government officials for the purpose of obtaining or keeping business or otherwise obtaining favorable treatment. we operate in many parts of the world that have experienced government corruption to some degree, and, in certain circumstances, strict compliance with anti-bribery laws may conflict with local customs and practices, although adherence to local customs and practices is generally not a defense under u.s. and other anti-bribery laws.
our compliance program contains controls and procedures designed to ensure our compliance with the fcpa, ofac and other sanctions, and laws and regulations. the continuing implementation and ongoing development and monitoring of our compliance program may be time consuming, expensive, and could result in the discovery of compliance issues or violations by us or our employees, independent contractors, subcontractors or agents of which we were previously unaware.
15
any violations of these or other laws, regulations and procedures by our employees, independent contractors, subcontractors and agents, including third parties we associate with or companies we acquire, could expose us to administrative, civil or criminal penalties, fines or business restrictions, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition and would adversely affect our reputation and the market for shares of our common stock and may require certain of our investors to disclose their investment in us under certain state laws.
risks related to our industry and customers we generally do not have long-term commitments from our customers, our customers may terminate contracts before completion or choose not to renew contracts, and we are not guaranteed payment for services performed under contract. a loss of business or non-payment from significant customers could materially affect our results of operations.
our ability to maintain continuing relationships with our major customers and successfully obtain payment for our services is essential to the growth and profitability of our business. however, the volume of work performed for any specific customer is likely to vary from year to year, especially since we generally are not our customers' exclusive it services provider and we generally do not have long-term commitments from customers to purchase our services. we may also fail to adequately or accurately assess the creditworthiness of our customers. our customers' ability to terminate engagements with or without cause and our customers' inability or unwillingness to pay for services we performed makes our future revenues and profitability uncertain. although a substantial majority of our revenues are generated from customers who also contributed to our revenues during the prior year, our engagements with our customers are typically for projects that are singular in nature. therefore, we must seek to obtain new engagements when our current engagements end.
there are a number of factors relating to our customers that are outside of our control, which might lead them to terminate or not renew a contract or project with us, or be unable to pay us, including:
•financial difficulties;
•corporate restructuring, or mergers and acquisitions activity;
•our inability to complete our contractual commitments and bill and collect our contracted revenues;
•change in strategic priorities or economic conditions, resulting in elimination of the impetus for the project or a reduced level of technology related spending;
•change in outsourcing strategy resulting in moving more work to the customer's in-house technology departments or to our competitors; and
•replacement of existing software with packaged software supported by licensors.
termination or non-renewal of a customer contract could cause us to experience a higher than expected number of unassigned employees and thus compress our margins until we are able to reallocate our headcount. customers that delay payment, request modifications to their payment arrangements, or fail to meet their payment obligations to us could increase our cash collection time, cause us to incur bad debt expense, or cause us to incur expenses in collections actions. the loss of any of our major customers, a significant decrease in the volume of work they outsource to us or price they are willing or able to pay us, if not replaced by new service engagements and revenue, could materially adversely affect our revenues and results of operations.
our revenues are highly dependent on a limited number of industries, and any decrease in demand for outsourced services in these industries could reduce our revenues and adversely affect our results of operations.
a substantial portion of our customers are concentrated in five specific industry verticals: financial services; software & hi-tech; business information & media; travel & consumer; and life sciences & healthcare. our business growth largely depends on continued demand for our services from customers in these five industry verticals and other industries that we target or may target in the future, and also depends on trends in these industries to outsource the type of services we provide.
a downturn in any of our targeted industries, a slowdown or reversal of the trend to outsource it services in any of these industries or the introduction of regulations that restrict or discourage companies from outsourcing could result in a decrease in the demand for our services and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. other developments in the industries in which we operate may increase the demand for lower cost or lower quality it services and decrease the demand for our services or increase the pressure our customers put on us to reduce pricing. we may not be able to successfully anticipate and prepare for any such changes, which could adversely affect our results of operations.
16
furthermore, developments in the industries we serve could shift customer demand to new services, solutions or technology. if our customers demand new services, solutions or technologies, we may be less competitive in these new areas or may need to make significant investments to meet that demand. additionally, as we expand into serving new industry verticals, our solutions and technology may be used by, or generally affect, a broader base of customers and end users, which may expose us to new business and operational risks.
if our pricing structures are based on inaccurate expectations and assumptions regarding the cost and complexity of performing our work, or if we are not able to maintain favorable pricing for our services, then our contracts could be unprofitable.
we face a number of risks when pricing our contracts and setting terms with our customers. our pricing is highly dependent on our internal forecasts, assumptions and predictions about our projects, the marketplace, global economic conditions (including foreign exchange volatility) and the coordination of operations and personnel in multiple locations with different skill sets and competencies. larger and more complex projects that involve multiple engagements or stages heighten those pricing risks because a customer may choose not to retain us for additional stages or delay forecasted engagements, which disrupts our planned project resource requirements. if our pricing for a project includes dedicated personnel or facilities and the customer were to slow or stop that project, we may not be able to reallocate resources to other customers. our pricing and cost estimates for the work that we perform may include anticipated long-term cost savings that we expect to achieve and sustain over the life of the contract. because of such inherent uncertainties, we may underprice our projects, fail to accurately estimate the costs of performing the work or fail to accurately assess the risks associated with potential contracts, such as defined performance goals, service levels, and completion schedules. the risk of underpricing our services or underestimating the costs of performing the work is heightened in fixed-price contracts and in contracts that require our customer to receive a productivity benefit as a result of the services performed under the contract. if we fail to accurately estimate the resources, time or quality levels required to complete such engagements, or if the cost to us of employees, facilities, or technology unexpectedly increases, we could be exposed to cost overruns. any increased or unexpected costs, delays or failures to achieve anticipated cost savings, or unexpected risks we encounter in connection with the performance of the services, including those caused by factors outside our control, could make these contracts less profitable or unprofitable.
our industry is sensitive to the economic environment and the industry tends to decline during general economic downturns. given our significant revenues from north america and europe, if those economies further weaken or are slow to recover from their current condition, pricing for our services may be depressed and our customers may reduce or postpone their technology related spending significantly, which may in turn lower the demand for our services and negatively affect our revenues and profitability.
we face risks associated with having a long selling and implementation cycle for our services that require us to make significant resource commitments prior to realizing revenues for those services.
we have a long selling cycle for our services. before potential customers commit to use our services, they require us to expend substantial time and resources educating them on the value of our services and our ability to meet their requirements. therefore, our selling cycle is subject to many risks and delays over which we have little or no control, including our customers' decision to select another service provider or in-house resources to perform the services, the timing of our customers' budget cycles, and customer procurement and approval processes. if our sales cycle unexpectedly lengthens for one or more large projects, it could negatively affect the timing of our revenues and our revenue growth. in certain cases, we may begin work and incur costs prior to executing a contract, which may cause fluctuations in recognizing revenues between periods or jeopardize our ability to collect payment from customers.
implementing our services also involves a significant commitment of resources over an extended period of time from both our customers and us. our current and future customers may not be willing or able to invest the time and resources necessary to implement our services, and we may fail to close sales with potential customers despite devoting significant time and resources. any significant failure to generate revenues or delays in recognizing revenues after incurring costs related to our sales or services processes could have a material adverse effect on our business.
17
if we are unable to adapt to rapidly changing technologies, methodologies and evolving industry standards, we may lose customers and our business could be materially adversely affected.
rapidly changing technologies, methodologies and evolving industry standards are inherent in the market for our products and services. our ability to anticipate developments in our industry, enhance our existing services, develop and introduce new services, provide enhancements and new features for our products, and keep pace with changes and developments are critical to meeting changing customer needs. developing solutions for our customers is extremely complex and is expected to become increasingly complex and expensive in the future due to the introduction of new platforms, operating systems, technologies and methodologies. our ability to keep pace with, anticipate or respond to changes and developments is subject to a number of risks, including that:
•we may not be able to develop new, or update existing services, applications, tools and software quickly or inexpensively enough to meet our customers' needs;
•we may find it difficult or costly to make existing software and products work effectively and securely over the internet or with new or changed operating systems;
•we may find it challenging to develop new, or update existing software, services, and products to keep pace with evolving industry standards, methodologies, and regulatory developments in the industries where our customers operate at a pace and cost that is acceptable to our customers; and
•we may find it difficult to maintain high quality levels with new technologies and methodologies.
we may not be successful in anticipating or responding to these developments in a timely manner, or if we do respond, the services, products, technologies or methodologies we develop or implement may not be successful in the marketplace. further, services, products, technologies or methodologies that our competitors develop may render our services or products non-competitive or obsolete. our failure to enhance our existing services and products and to develop and introduce new services and products to promptly address the needs of our customers could have a material adverse effect on our business.
undetected software design defects, errors or failures may result in loss of business or in liabilities that could materially adversely affect our business.
our software development solutions involve a high degree of technological complexity, have unique specifications and could contain design defects or software errors that are difficult to detect or correct. errors or defects may result in the loss of current customers, revenues, market share, or customer data, a failure to attract new customers or achieve market acceptance, and could divert development resources and increase support or service costs. we cannot provide assurance that, despite testing by our customers and us, errors will not be found in the software products we develop or the services we perform. any such errors could result in claims for damages against us, litigation, and reputational harm that could materially adversely affect our business.
security breaches and other disruptions to network security could compromise our information and expose us to liability, which would cause our business and reputation to suffer.
in the ordinary course of business, we collect, store, process, transmit, and view sensitive or confidential data, including intellectual property, or proprietary business information or personally identifiable information belonging to us, our customers, respective employees, and other end users. this information is stored in our data centers and networks or in the data centers and networks of third-party providers. physical security and the secure processing, maintenance and transmission of this information is critical to our operations and business strategy. some of our customers are seeking additional assurances for the protection of their sensitive information, including personally identifiable information, and attach greater liability in the event that their sensitive information is disclosed.
despite security measures, information technology and infrastructure may be vulnerable to attacks by hackers or breached due to human error, employee misconduct or malfeasance, system failure, or other disruptions. any such breach could compromise our networks or the networks of our third-party providers and the information stored there could be accessed, held for ransom, publicly disclosed, misappropriated, lost or stolen. such a breach, misappropriation, or disruption could also disrupt our operations and the services we provide to customers, damage our reputation, and cause a loss of confidence in our products and services, as well as require us to expend significant resources to protect against further breaches and to rectify problems caused by these events. any such access, disclosure or other loss of information could result in legal claims or proceedings, liability under applicable laws, and regulatory penalties and could adversely affect our business, revenues and competitive position.
18
if we cause disruptions to our customers' businesses, provide inadequate service, or breach contractual obligations, our customers may have claims for substantial damages against us and our reputation may be damaged. our insurance coverage may be inadequate to protect us against such claims.
if our professionals make errors in the course of delivering services or we fail to meet contractual obligations to a customer, these errors or failures could disrupt the customer's business or expose confidential or personally identifiable information. any of these events could result in a reduction in our revenues, damage to our reputation, and could also result in a customer terminating our engagement and making claims for substantial damages against us. some of our customer agreements do not limit our potential liability for occurrences such as breaches of confidentiality and intellectual property infringement indemnity, and we cannot generally limit liability to third parties with which we do not have a contractual relationship. in some cases, breaches of confidentiality obligations, including obligations to protect personally identifiable information, may entitle the aggrieved party to equitable remedies, including injunctive relief.
although we maintain professional liability insurance, product liability insurance, commercial general and property insurance, business interruption insurance, workers' compensation coverage, and umbrella insurance for certain of our operations, our insurance coverage does not insure against all risks in our operations or all claims we may receive. damage claims from customers or third parties brought against us or claims that we initiate due to the disruption of our business, litigation, or natural disasters, may not be covered by our insurance, may exceed the limits of our insurance coverage, and may result in substantial costs and diversion of resources even if insured. some types of insurance are not available on reasonable terms or at all in some countries in which we operate, and we cannot insure against damage to our reputation. the assertion of one or more large claims against us, whether or not successful and whether or not insured, could materially adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations.
a significant failure in our systems, telecommunications or it infrastructure could harm our service model, which could result in a reduction of our revenues and otherwise disrupt our business.
our service model relies on maintaining active voice and data communications, online resource management, financial and operational record management, customer service and data processing systems between our customer sites, our delivery centers and our customer management locations. our business activities may be materially disrupted in the event of a partial or complete failure of any of these technologies, which could be due to software malfunction, computer virus attacks, conversion errors due to system upgrades, damage from fire, earthquake, power loss, telecommunications failure, unauthorized entry, demands placed on internet infrastructure by growing numbers of users and time spent online, increased bandwidth requirements or other events beyond our control. our crisis management procedures, business continuity, and disaster recovery plans may not be effective at preventing or mitigating the effects of such disruptions, particularly in the case of a catastrophic event. loss of all or part of the infrastructure or systems for a period of time could hinder our performance or our ability to complete customer projects on time which, in turn, could lead to a reduction of our revenues or otherwise materially adversely affect our business and business reputation.
our ability to generate and retain business could depend on our reputation in the marketplace.
our services are marketed to customers and prospective customers based on a number of factors, including reputation. our corporate reputation is a significant factor in our customers' evaluation of whether to engage our services. our customers' perception of our ability to add value through our services is critical to the profitability of our engagements. we believe the epam brand name and our reputation are important corporate assets that help distinguish our services from those of our competitors and contribute to our efforts to recruit and retain talented employees.
our corporate reputation is potentially susceptible to damage by actions or statements made by current or former customers and employees, competitors, vendors, adversaries in legal proceedings, government regulators, as well as members of the investment community and the media. there is a risk that negative information about us, even if untrue, could adversely affect our business, could cause damage to our reputation and be challenging to repair, could make potential or existing customers reluctant to select us for new engagements, and could adversely affect our recruitment and retention efforts. damage to our reputation could also reduce the value and effectiveness of the epam brand name and could reduce investor confidence in us.
19
we may not be able to prevent unauthorized use of our intellectual property, and our intellectual property rights may not be adequate to protect our business and competitive position.
we rely on a combination of copyright, trademark, patent, unfair competition and trade secret laws, as well as intellectual property assignment and confidentiality agreements and other methods to protect our intellectual property rights. protection of intellectual property rights and confidentiality in some countries in which we operate may not be as effective as in other countries with more developed intellectual property protections.
we require our employees and independent contractors to assign to us all intellectual property and work product they create in connection with their employment or engagement. these assignment agreements also obligate our personnel to keep proprietary information confidential. if these agreements are not enforceable in any of the jurisdictions in which we operate, we cannot ensure that we will own the intellectual property they create or that our proprietary information will not be disclosed. our customers and certain vendors are generally obligated to keep our information confidential, but if these contractual obligations are not entered, or are breached or deemed unenforceable, our trade secrets, know-how or other proprietary information may be subject to unauthorized use, misappropriation or disclosure. reverse engineering, unauthorized copying or other misappropriation of our and our customers' proprietary technologies, tools and applications could enable unauthorized parties to benefit from our or our customers' technologies, tools and applications without payment and may make us liable to our customers for damages and compensation, which could harm our business and competitive position.
we rely on our trademarks, trade names, service marks and brand names to distinguish our services and solutions from the services of our competitors. we have registered or applied to register many of these trademarks. third parties may oppose our trademark applications, or otherwise challenge our use of our trademarks. in the event that our trademarks are successfully challenged, we could be forced to rebrand our services and solutions, which could result in loss of brand recognition, and could require us to devote additional resources to advertising and marketing new brands. further, we cannot provide assurance that competitors will not infringe our trademarks, or that we will have adequate resources to enforce our trademarks. if we do enforce our trademarks and our other intellectual property rights through litigation, we may not be successful and the litigation may result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and management attention.
we may face intellectual property infringement claims that could be time-consuming and costly to defend. if we fail to defend ourselves against such claims, we may lose significant intellectual property rights and may be unable to continue providing our existing services.
our success largely depends on our ability to use and develop our technology, tools, code, methodologies, products, and services without infringing the intellectual property rights of third parties, including patents, copyrights, trade secrets and trademarks. we may be unaware of intellectual property rights relating to our products or services that may give rise to potential infringement claims against us. if those intellectual property rights are potentially relevant to our service offerings, we may need to license those rights in order to continue to use the applicable technology, but the holders of those intellectual property rights may be unwilling to license those rights to us on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. there may also be technologies licensed to and relied on by us that if subject to infringement or misappropriation claims by third parties, may become unavailable to us if such third parties obtain an injunction to prevent us from delivering our services or using technology involving the allegedly infringing intellectual property.
we typically indemnify customers who purchase our products, services and solutions against potential infringement of third-party intellectual property rights, which subjects us to the risk and cost of defending the underlying infringement claims. these claims may require us to initiate or defend protracted and costly litigation on behalf of our customers, regardless of the merits of these claims, and our indemnification obligations are often not subject to liability limits or exclusion of consequential, indirect or punitive damages. intellectual property litigation could also divert our management's attention from our business and existing or potential customers could defer or limit their purchase or use of our software product development services or solutions until we resolve such litigation. if any of these claims succeed, we may be forced to pay damages on behalf of our customers, redesign or cease offering our allegedly infringing products, services, or solutions, or obtain licenses for the intellectual property that such services or solutions allegedly infringe. if we cannot obtain all necessary licenses on commercially reasonable terms, our customers may be forced to stop using our services or solutions.
any of these actions, regardless of the outcome of litigation or merits of the claim, could damage our reputation and materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
20
general risk factors our stock price is volatile.
our common stock has at times experienced substantial price volatility as a result of variations between our actual and anticipated financial results, announcements by our competitors and us, projections or speculation about our business or that of our competitors by the media or investment analysts or uncertainty about current global economic conditions. the stock market, as a whole, also has experienced price and volume fluctuations that have affected the market price of many technology companies in ways that may have been unrelated to these companies' operating performance. furthermore, we believe our stock price should reflect future growth and profitability expectations and, if we fail to meet these expectations, our stock price may significantly decline.
expense related to our liability-classified restricted stock units, which are subject to mark-to-market accounting, and the calculation of the weighted-average diluted shares outstanding in accordance with the treasury method are both affected by our stock price. any fluctuations in the price of our stock will affect our future operating results.
we may need additional capital, and a failure to raise additional capital on terms favorable to us, or at all, could limit our ability to grow our business and develop or enhance our service offerings to respond to market demand or competitive challenges.
we believe that our current cash, cash flow from operations and revolving line of credit are sufficient to meet our anticipated cash needs for at least the next twelve months. we may, however, require additional cash resources due to changed business conditions or other future developments, including any investments or acquisitions that we may decide to pursue. if these resources are insufficient to satisfy our cash requirements, we may seek to sell additional equity or debt securities or obtain another or larger credit facility, and we cannot be certain that such additional financing would be available on terms acceptable to us or at all. the sale of additional equity securities could result in dilution to our stockholders, and additional indebtedness would result in increased debt service costs and obligations and could impose operating and financial covenants that would further restrict our operations.
our hedging program is subject to counterparty default risk.
we enter into foreign currency forward contracts with a number of counterparties. as a result, we are subject to the risk that the counterparty to one or more of these contracts defaults on its performance under the contract. during an economic downturn, the counterparty's financial condition may deteriorate rapidly and with little notice and we may be unable to take action to protect our exposure. in the event of a counterparty default, we could incur significant losses, which may harm our business and financial condition. in the event that one or more of our counterparties becomes insolvent or files for bankruptcy, our ability to eventually recover any losses suffered as a result of that counterparty's default may be limited by the liquidity of the counterparty.
war, terrorism, other acts of violence or natural or manmade disasters may affect the markets in which we operate, our customers, and our service delivery.
our business may be negatively affected by instability, disruption or destruction in the geographic regions where we operate. war, terrorism, riot, civil insurrection or social unrest; and natural or manmade disasters, including famine, flood, fire, earthquake, pandemics and other regional or global health crises, storm or disease may cause customers to delay their decisions on spending for the services we provide and give rise to sudden significant changes in regional and global economic conditions and cycles. our crisis management procedures, business continuity, and disaster recovery plans may not be effective at preventing or mitigating the effects of such disasters, particularly in the case of a catastrophic event. these events pose significant security risks to our people, the facilities where they work, our operations, electricity and other utilities, communications, travel, and network services, and the disruption of any or all of them could materially adversely affect our financial results. travel restrictions resulting from natural or manmade disruptions and political or social conflict increase the difficulty of obtaining and retaining highly-skilled and qualified professionals and could unexpectedly increase our labor costs and expenses, both of which could also adversely affect our ability to serve our customers.
21
our effective tax rate could be materially adversely affected by several factors.
we conduct business globally and file income tax returns in multiple jurisdictions. our effective tax rate could be materially adversely affected by several factors, including changes in the amount of income taxed by or allocated to the various jurisdictions in which we operate that have differing statutory tax rates; changing tax laws, regulations and interpretations of such tax laws in one or more jurisdictions; and the resolution of issues arising from tax audits or examinations and any related interest or penalties. the determination of our provision for income taxes and other tax liabilities requires estimation, judgment and calculations where the ultimate tax determination may not be certain. our determination of tax liability is always subject to review or examination by authorities in various jurisdictions. if a tax authority in any jurisdiction reviews any of our tax returns and proposes an adjustment, including, but not limited to, a determination that the transfer prices and terms we have applied are not appropriate, such an adjustment could have a negative impact on our results of operations, business, and profitability. in addition, any significant changes enacted by the new u.s. presidential administration to the tax cuts and jobs act ("u.s. tax act") enacted in 2017, or to regulatory guidance associated with the u.s. tax act, could materially adversely affect our effective tax rate.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations you should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our audited consolidated financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this annual report. in addition to historical information, this discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from management's expectations. factors that could cause such differences are discussed in the sections entitled "forward-looking statements" and "part i. item 1a. risk factors." we assume no obligation to update any of these forward-looking statements.
executive summary we are a leading global provider of digital platform engineering and software development services offering specialized technological solutions to many of the world's leading organizations.
our customers depend on us to solve their complex technical challenges and rely on our expertise in core engineering, advanced technology, digital design and intelligent enterprise development. we continuously explore opportunities in new industries to expand our core industry client base in software and technology, financial services, business information and media, travel and consumer, and life sciences and healthcare. our teams of developers, architects, consultants, strategists, engineers, designers, and product experts have the capabilities and skill sets to deliver business results.
our global delivery model and centralized support functions, combined with the benefits of scale from the shared use of fixed-cost resources, enhance our productivity levels and enable us to better manage the efficiency of our global operations. as a result, we have created a delivery base whereby our applications, tools, methodologies and infrastructure allow us to seamlessly deliver services and solutions from our delivery centers to global customers across all geographies, further strengthening our relationships with them.
25
through increased specialization in focused verticals and a continued emphasis on strategic partnerships, we are leveraging our roots in software engineering to grow as a recognized brand in software development and end-to-end digital transformation services for our customers.
business update regarding covid-19
the covid-19 pandemic continued to cause substantial global public health and economic challenges during the fourth quarter of 2020 and our employees, communities and business operations, as well as the global economy and financial markets all continue to be affected. we cannot accurately predict the extent to which the covid-19 pandemic will continue to directly and indirectly impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. future developments and actions to contain the public health and economic impact of the covid-19 pandemic on the markets we serve are rapidly evolving and highly uncertain.
to the extent that the remainder of this management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations ("md&a") refers to a financial or performance metric that has been affected by a trend or activity, that reference is in addition to any impact of the covid-19 pandemic disclosed in and supplemented by this section. the information contained in this section is accurate as of the date hereof, but may become outdated due to changing circumstances beyond our present awareness or control.
our covid-19 pandemic response since the beginning of the covid-19 pandemic, we have made the safety and well-being of our employees our top priority. as governments lift and re-impose restrictions on group gatherings, commercial operations, and travel, and as vaccines and therapeutics become available, we have applied those changing requirements to our business to maintain the health and safety of our employees and serve our customers consistent with appropriate public health considerations. our business continuity plans are designed to ensure the safety and well-being of approximately 41,000 epam professionals while supporting the operations of hundreds of customers around the world.
our employees the vast majority of our employees are able to productively and securely work from a remote location and our remaining personnel are providing services to us or our customers from our offices or our customers' facilities. we therefore do not expect that covid-19 related restrictions on group gatherings and non-essential businesses will have a material adverse effect on our ability to operate our business or productively deliver services to our customers, nor on our financial reporting systems, internal control over financial reporting, or disclosure controls and procedures. with the increase in remote access to our systems and networks, we have accelerated some ongoing security initiatives and programs.
many of the countries where our personnel regularly conduct business have extended or expanded restrictions on travel and immigration from other countries, including a suspension of most immigration and non-immigration visas issued by the united states. further extensions or tightening of these travel and immigration restrictions may continue to impact our operations. however, we do not believe that the current travel and immigration restrictions will have a material adverse effect on our business or financial condition.
our customers our adaptive global delivery model enables us to deliver our services and solutions to our customers from remote locations, so we continue to provide our customers with the products, services, and solutions they seek to deliver their business results. we continually assess our customers' current and future needs for epam personnel to work at their facilities and our global delivery centers, so that we can deploy resources safely and in accordance with covid-19 mitigation efforts.
the prolonged deterioration of economic conditions for some of our customers could materially reduce our sales and profitability. reduced demand from our customers and their customers, persistent financial distress in our customer base, and the continued volatility in macroeconomic conditions has and could continue to adversely impact revenues and decrease the collectability of our trade receivables. any or all of these factors could negatively impact our results of operations. depending on the duration of the covid-19 pandemic and the timing and speed of economic recovery, reduced revenue growth relative to prior years could extend beyond the fourth quarter of 2020.
26
our community epam supports the communities where we live and work and we assisted our global and local communities by providing solutions to transform the ways people live and work during the covid-19 pandemic, including:
•epam continuum introduced the gentltm mask, an open source solution for manufacturers designed to address the supply shortage of protective masks that medical professionals need amid the coronavirus outbreak.
•epam used its implementation services to help curogram scale its two-way texting and video chat telemedicine platform to help address the covid-19 pandemic by enabling healthcare institutions to quickly deploy mass screening and testing services.
•epam developed covid resistance and covid resistance for business, which are open source mobile applications that can be customized for specific countries or regions when used by governments and non-governmental organizations, or adapted by business for their digital contact-tracing needs so they can anonymously track covid-19 exposure risk.
•epam continuum introduced guide lines: markings for social distancing, a toolkit for retailers and other business owners to adhere to physical distancing guidelines by creating visual cues with readily-available tools and materials to direct foot traffic.
•epam's made real lab released an open source design to accelerate the production of reusable face shields that do not require 3d printing and use commercially available materials.
•epam continuum introduced an open source project for parents and children to build a timer to encourage healthy handwashing habits, teach electronics and creative prototyping skills, and basic coding skills.
•epam and the united nations children's fund/europe and central asia regional office partnered to build a covid-19 information chatbot app that was combined with epam's covid resistance app to provide national authorities, public health institutions, social service agencies, families and individuals access to trusted information while promoting protective and preventive behaviors at the individual and community levels.
moving forward we expect continued uncertainty around the impacts the pandemic will have on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. we actively monitor our business and the needs of our employees, customers, and communities to determine the appropriate actions to protect the health and safety of our employees and our ongoing operations. this includes actions informed by the requirements and recommendations of public health authorities. economic and demand uncertainty in the current environment may impact our future results. we continue to monitor the demand for our services including the duration and degree to which we see declines or delays in new customer projects and payment for services performed. we continue to assess how the effects of covid-19 on the economy may impact human capital allocation, revenues, profitability, and operating expenses.
for additional information on the various risks posed by the covid-19 pandemic, please read "part ii. item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk" and "part i. item 1a. risk factors" included in this annual report on form 10-k.
27
overview of 2020 and financial highlights the following table presents a summary of our results of operations for the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018:
year ended december 31,
2020                                                                                                                                        2019                                                           2018
% of revenues                                                  % of revenues                                                  % of revenues
(in millions, except percentages and per share data)
revenues                            $2,659.5                         100.0      %                  $2,293.8                         100.0      %                  $1,842.9                         100.0      %
income from operations                $379.3                          14.3      %                    $302.9                          13.2      %                    $245.8                          13.3      %
net income                            $327.2                          12.3      %                    $261.1                          11.4      %                    $240.3                          13.0      %
effective tax rate                      13.6   %                                                       12.8   %                                                        3.8   %
diluted earnings per share             $5.60                                                          $4.53                                                          $4.24
the key highlights of our consolidated results for 2020 were as follows:
•we recorded revenues of $2.7 billion, or a 15.9% increase from $2.3 billion in the previous year, negatively impacted by $0.8 million or 0.1% due to changes in certain foreign currency exchange rates as compared to the corresponding period in the previous year.
•income from operations grew 25.3% to $379.3 million from $302.9 million in 2019. expressed as a percentage of revenues, income from operations was 14.3% compared to 13.2%. the increase in income from operations as a percentage of revenues during the year ended december 31, 2020 was primarily driven by a reduction in travel-related expenses reported in cost of revenues and a reduction in travel-related, recruitment, and facilities expenses reported in selling, general and administrative expenses which was partially offset by an increase in cost of revenues as a percentage of revenues attributable to temporary discounts provided to certain customers experiencing challenging economic conditions due to the impact of the covid-19 pandemic.
•our effective tax rate was 13.6% compared to 12.8% in the previous year. the provision for income taxes was impacted primarily by the excess tax benefits recorded upon vesting or exercise of stock-based awards in 2020 and 2019.
•net income increased 25.3% to $327.2 million compared to $261.1 million in 2019. expressed as a percentage of revenues, net income increased 0.9% compared to last year, which was largely driven by the improvement in income from operations and partially offset by an increase in our effective tax rate.
•diluted earnings per share increased 23.6% to $5.60 for the year ended december 31, 2020 from $4.53 in 2019.
•cash provided by operations increased $257.0 million, or 89.4%, to $544.4 million during 2020 as compared to last year. this increase is largely driven by the increase in net income, improvements in collections from customers, and reduced income tax payments compared to 2019.
the operating results in any period are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for any future period.
28
critical accounting policies we prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap"), which require us to make judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect: (i) the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, (ii) the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the end of each reporting period and (iii) the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during each reporting period. we evaluate these estimates and assumptions based on historical experience, knowledge and assessment of current business and other conditions, and expectations regarding the future based on available information and reasonable assumptions, which together form a basis for making judgments about matters not readily apparent from other sources. since the use of estimates is an integral component of the financial reporting process, actual results could differ from those estimates. some of our accounting policies require higher degrees of judgment than others in their application. when reviewing our audited consolidated financial statements, you should consider (i) our selection of critical accounting policies, (ii) the judgment and other uncertainties affecting the application of such policies and (iii) the sensitivity of reported results to changes in conditions and assumptions. we consider the policies discussed below to be critical to an understanding of our consolidated financial statements as their application places significant demands on the judgment of our management.
an accounting policy is considered critical if it requires an accounting estimate to be made based on assumptions about matters that are highly uncertain at the time the estimate is made, and if different estimates that reasonably could have been used, or changes in the accounting estimates that are reasonably likely to occur periodically, could materially impact the consolidated financial statements. we believe that the following critical accounting policies are the most sensitive and require more significant estimates and assumptions used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. you should read the following descriptions of critical accounting policies, judgments and estimates in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and other disclosures included elsewhere in this annual report. additional information on our policies is in note 1 "business and summary of significant accounting policies" in the notes to our consolidated financial statements in this annual report on form 10-k.
revenues - we recognize revenues when control of goods or services is passed to a customer in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. such control may be transferred over time or at a point in time depending on satisfaction of obligations stipulated by the contract. consideration expected to be received may consist of both fixed and variable components and is allocated to each separately identifiable performance obligation based on the performance obligation's relative standalone selling price. variable consideration usually takes the form of volume-based discounts, service level credits, price concessions or incentives. determining the estimated amount of such variable consideration involves assumptions and judgment that can have an impact on the amount of revenues reported.
we derive revenues from a variety of service arrangements, which have been evolving to provide more customized and integrated solutions to customers by combining software engineering with customer experience design, business consulting and technology innovation services. fees for these contracts may be in the form of time-and-materials or fixed-price arrangements. we generate the majority of our revenues under time-and-material contracts, which are billed using hourly, daily or monthly rates to determine the amounts to be charged directly to the customer. we apply a practical expedient and revenues related to time-and-material contracts are recognized based on the right to invoice for services performed.
fixed-price contracts include maintenance and support arrangements, which may exceed one year in duration. maintenance and support arrangements generally relate to the provision of ongoing services and revenues for such contracts are recognized ratably over the expected service period. fixed-price contracts also include application development arrangements, where progress towards satisfaction of the performance obligation is measured using input or output methods and input methods are used only when there is a direct correlation between hours incurred and the end product delivered. assumptions, risks and uncertainties inherent in the estimates used to measure progress could affect the amount of revenues, receivables and deferred revenues at each reporting period.
revenues from licenses which have significant stand-alone functionality are recognized at a point in time when control of the license is transferred to the customer. revenues from licenses which do not have stand-alone functionality are recognized over time. if there is an uncertainty about the receipt of payment for the services, revenue recognition is deferred until the uncertainty is sufficiently resolved. we apply a practical expedient and do not assess the existence of a significant financing component if the period between transfer of the service to a customer and when the customer pays for that service is one year or less.
we report gross reimbursable "out-of-pocket" expenses incurred as both revenues and cost of revenues in the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income.
29
business combinations - we account for business combinations using the acquisition method which requires us to estimate the fair value of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed, including any contingent consideration, to properly allocate purchase price to the individual assets acquired and liabilities assumed. the allocation of the purchase price utilizes significant estimates in determining the fair values of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed, especially with respect to intangible assets. the significant estimates and assumptions used include the timing and amount of forecasted revenues and cash flows, anticipated growth rates, customer attrition rates, the discount rate reflecting the risk inherent in future cash flows and the determination of useful lives for finite-lived assets. there are different valuation models for each component, the selection of which requires considerable judgment. these determinations will affect the amount of amortization expense recognized in future periods. we base our fair value estimates on assumptions we believe are reasonable, but recognize that the assumptions are inherently uncertain. the acquired assets typically include customer relationships, software, trade names, non-competition agreements, and assembled workforce and as a result, a substantial portion of the purchase price is typically allocated to goodwill and other intangible assets.
if the initial accounting for the business combination has not been completed by the end of the reporting period in which the business combination occurs, provisional amounts are reported to present information about facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date. once the measurement period ends, which in no case extends beyond one year from the acquisition date, revisions to the accounting for the business combination are recorded in earnings.
leases - we determine if an arrangement is a lease or contains a lease at inception. we perform an assessment and classify the lease as either an operating lease or a financing lease at the lease commencement date with a right-of-use asset ("rou asset") and a lease liability recognized in the consolidated balance sheet under both classifications.
lease liabilities are initially measured at the present value of lease payments not yet paid. the present value is determined by applying the readily determinable rate implicit in the lease or, if not available, the incremental borrowing rate of the lessee. we determine the incremental borrowing rate of the lessee on a lease-by-lease basis by developing an estimated centralized u.s. dollar borrowing rate for a fully collateralized obligation with a term similar to the lease term and adjust the rate to reflect the incremental risk associated with the currency in which the lease is denominated. the development of this estimate includes the use of recovery rates, u.s. risk-free rates, foreign currency/country base rate yields, and a synthetic corporate credit rating of the company developed using regression analysis. our lease agreements may include options to extend or terminate the lease. we include such options in the lease term when it is reasonably certain that we will exercise that option. rou assets are recognized based on the initial measurement of the lease liabilities plus initial direct costs less lease incentives. lease expense for operating leases is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. rou assets are subject to periodic impairment tests.
we have elected a practical expedient to account for lease and non-lease components together as a single lease component. in addition, we elected the short-term lease recognition exemption for all classes of lease assets.
recent accounting pronouncements see note 1 "business and summary of significant accounting policies" in the notes to our consolidated financial statements in this annual report on form 10-k for information regarding recent accounting pronouncements.
30
results of operations the following table sets forth a summary of our consolidated results of operations for the periods indicated. this information should be read together with our consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this annual report. the operating results in any period are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for any future period.
year ended december 31,
2020                                                                                                                                                                                   2019                                                             2018
% of revenues                                                    % of revenues                                                    % of revenues
(in thousands, except percentages and per share data)
revenues                                                                   $2,659,478                         100.0      %                  $2,293,798                         100.0      %                  $1,842,912                         100.0      %
operating expenses:
cost of revenues (exclusive of depreciation and amortization)(1)            1,732,522                          65.1                          1,488,198                          64.9                          1,186,921                          64.4
selling, general and administrative expenses(2)                               484,758                          18.2                            457,433                          19.9                            373,587                          20.3
depreciation and amortization expense                                          62,874                           2.4                             45,317                           2.0                             36,640                           2.0
income from operations                                                        379,324                          14.3                            302,850                          13.2                            245,764                          13.3
interest and other income, net                                                  3,822                           0.1                              8,725                           0.4                              3,522                           0.3
foreign exchange (loss)/gain                                                  (4,667)                         (0.2)                           (12,049)                         (0.5)                                487                             -
income before provision for income taxes                                      378,479                          14.2                            299,526                          13.1                            249,773                          13.6
provision for income taxes                                                     51,319                           1.9                             38,469                           1.7                              9,517                           0.6
net income                                                                   $327,160                          12.3      %                    $261,057                          11.4      %                    $240,256                          13.0      %
effective tax rate                                                               13.6   %                                                         12.8   %                                                          3.8   %
diluted earnings per share                                                      $5.60                                                            $4.53                                                            $4.24
(1) includes $32,785, $37,580 and $27,245 of stock-based compensation expense for the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
(2) includes $42,453, $34,456 and $31,943 of stock-based compensation expense for the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
revenues we continue to expand our presence across multiple geographies and verticals, both organically and through strategic acquisitions. during the year ended december 31, 2020, our total revenues grew 15.9% over the previous year to $2.7 billion. this growth resulted from our ability to retain existing customers and increase the level of services we provide to them and our ability to produce revenues from new customer relationships. during the year ended december 31, 2020 we experienced an increase in customer concentration as compared to the previous year, with revenues from our top five, top ten and top twenty customer groups increasing as a percentage of total revenues as we met higher demand from our larger customers. revenues have been positively impacted by our acquisitions in 2020, which contributed 0.3% to our revenue growth, and negatively impacted by the fluctuations in foreign currency which decreased our revenue growth by 0.1% during the year ended december 31, 2020 as compared to the previous year.
we discuss below the breakdown of our revenues by vertical, customer location, service arrangement type, and customer concentration.
revenues by vertical we assign our customers into one of our five main vertical markets or a group of various industries where we are increasing our presence, which we label as "emerging verticals", including energy, utilities, manufacturing, automotive, telecommunications and several others.
31
the following table presents our revenues by vertical and revenues as a percentage of total revenues by vertical for the periods indicated:
year ended december 31,
2020                                                                                                                                2019                                                    2018
(in thousands, except percentages)
business information &amp; media            $560,680                    21.1   %                    $420,923                    18.4   %                    $324,033                    17.6   %
financial services                           555,235                    20.9                         500,872                    21.8                         423,977                    23.0
software &amp; hi-tech                       496,813                    18.7                         433,398                    18.9                         350,815                    19.0
travel &amp; consumer                        458,789                    17.2                         439,358                    19.2                         393,643                    21.4
life sciences &amp; healthcare               296,313                    11.1                         248,452                    10.8                         171,703                     9.3
emerging verticals                           291,648                    11.0                         250,795                    10.9                         178,741                     9.7
revenues                                  $2,659,478                   100.0   %                  $2,293,798                   100.0   %                  $1,842,912                   100.0   %
business information & media became our largest vertical during 2020, growing 33.2% as compared to 2019, largely driven by growth in one of our top 5 customers and the expansion of services to a customer which was previously in our top 50 customers and is now in our top 10 customers. financial services grew at a slower rate of 10.9% in 2020 over the prior year largely due to a change in certain customers' business models associated with low-cost trading platforms. travel & consumer also grew at a slower rate of 4.4% during 2020 as compared to the prior year primarily attributable to declining demand from certain customers adversely affected by the decline in global travel due to worldwide travel restrictions as a result of the covid-19 pandemic.
revenues by customer location our revenues are sourced from four geographic markets: north america, europe, cis and apac. we present and discuss our revenues by customer location based on the location of the specific customer site that we serve, irrespective of the location of the headquarters of the customer or the location of the delivery center where the work is performed. revenues by customer location is different from revenues by reportable segment in our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report. segments are not based on the geographic location of the customers, but instead they are based on the location of the company's management responsible for a particular customer or market.
the following table sets forth revenues by customer location by amount and as a percentage of our revenues for the periods indicated:
year ended december 31,
2020                                                                                                              2019                                                    2018
(in thousands, except percentages)
north america           $1,595,136                    60.0   %                  $1,390,015                    60.6   %                  $1,099,167                    59.6   %
europe                     879,842                    33.1                         746,866                    32.6                         612,472                    33.2
cis (1)                    114,702                     4.3                         100,471                     4.4                          81,703                     4.4
apac (2)                    69,798                     2.6                          56,446                     2.4                          49,570                     2.8
revenues                $2,659,478                   100.0   %                  $2,293,798                   100.0   %                  $1,842,912                   100.0   %
(1)cis includes revenues from customers in russia, belarus, kazakhstan, ukraine, and georgia.
(2)apac, or asia pacific, includes revenues from customers in east asia, southeast asia and australia.
32
during the year ended december 31, 2020, revenues in our largest geography, north america, were $1,595.1 million growing $205.1 million, or 14.8%, from $1,390.0 million reported for the year ended december 31, 2019. revenues from this geography accounted for 60.0% of total revenues in 2020, a decrease from 60.6% in the prior year. the united states continued to be our largest customer location contributing revenues of $1,523.7 million in 2020 compared to $1,321.7 million in 2019.
revenues in our europe geography were $879.8 million, an increase of $133.0 million, or 17.8%, over $746.9 million in the previous year. revenues in this geography accounted for 33.1% of consolidated revenues in 2020 as compared to 32.6% in the previous year. the top three revenue contributing customer location countries in europe were the united kingdom, switzerland and the netherlands generating revenues of $331.2 million, $203.4 million and $114.7 million in 2020, respectively, compared to $290.0 million, $152.7 million and $88.5 million in 2019, respectively. fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates with the u.s. dollar, particularly the euro and the british pound, during 2020 compared to the same period in the prior year positively impacted revenue growth in the european geography by 1.9%.
during 2020, revenues in the cis geography increased $14.2 million, or 14.2%, from the previous year. the increase in cis revenues came from customers in russia, contributing $14.9 million of revenue growth in 2020 compared to the previous year partially offset by decreases in revenues in other cis countries.
revenues from customers in locations in the apac region comprised 2.6% of total revenues in 2020, a level consistent with the prior year.
discussion of revenues from 2019 as compared to 2018 is included in "part ii. item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - results of operations" of our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2019.
revenues by customer concentration we have long-standing relationships with many of our customers and we seek to grow revenues from our existing customers by continually expanding the scope and size of our engagements. revenues derived from these customers may fluctuate as these accounts mature or upon beginning or completion of multi-year projects. we believe there is a significant potential for future growth as we expand our capabilities and offerings within existing customers. in addition, we remain committed to diversifying our client base and adding more customers to our client mix; however, the covid-19 pandemic disrupted the economic landscape during 2020 and influenced business decisions of our existing and potential customers. we were able to capitalize on demand for our services at our larger customers whereas we realized less revenue growth from our smaller customers. however, over the long-term, we expect revenue concentration from our top customers to decrease.
the following table presents revenues contributed by our customers by amount and as a percentage of our revenues for the periods indicated:
year ended december 31,
2020                                                                                                                          2019                                                    2018
(in thousands, except percentages)
top five customers                    $584,303                    22.0   %                    $456,985                    19.9   %                    $410,987                    22.3   %
top ten customers                     $822,824                    30.9   %                    $666,584                    29.1   %                    $582,539                    31.6   %
top twenty customers                $1,124,552                    42.3   %                    $933,178                    40.7   %                    $782,771                    42.5   %
customers below top twenty          $1,534,926                    57.7   %                  $1,360,620                    59.3   %                  $1,060,141                    57.5   %
the following table shows the number of customers grouped by revenues recognized by the company for each year presented:
year ended december 31,
2020                    2019                    2018
over $20 million          28                      22                      14
$10 - $20 million          27                      27                      22
$5 - $10 million          43                      42                      45
$1 - $5 million         225                     206                     175
$0.5 - $1 million         107                     105                     119
33
revenues by service offering our service arrangements have been evolving to provide more customized and integrated solutions to our customers where we combine software engineering with customer experience design, business consulting and technology innovation services. we are continually expanding our service capabilities, moving beyond traditional services into business consulting, design and physical product development.
the following table shows revenues by service offering as an amount and as a percentage of our revenues for the years indicated:
year ended december 31,
2020                                                                                                                       2019                                                    2018
(in thousands, except percentages)
professional services            $2,643,016                    99.4   %                  $2,285,303                    99.7   %                  $1,837,148                    99.7   %
licensing                            11,139                     0.4                           5,081                     0.2                           4,097                     0.2
other                                 5,323                     0.2                           3,414                     0.1                           1,667                     0.1
revenues                         $2,659,478                   100.0   %                  $2,293,798                   100.0   %                  $1,842,912                   100.0   %
see note 11 "revenues" in the notes to our consolidated financial statements in this annual report on form 10-k for more information regarding our contract types and related revenue recognition policies.
cost of revenues (exclusive of depreciation and amortization)
the principal components of our cost of revenues (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) are salaries, bonuses, fringe benefits, stock-based compensation, project-related travel costs and fees for subcontractors who are assigned to customer projects. salaries and other compensation expenses of our delivery professionals are reported as cost of revenues regardless of whether the employees are actually performing customer services during a given period. our employees are a critical asset, necessary for our continued success and therefore we expect to continue hiring talented employees and providing them with competitive compensation programs.
we manage the utilization levels of our delivery professionals through strategic hiring and efficient staffing of projects. some of these professionals are hired and trained to work for specific customers or on specific projects and some of our offshore development centers are dedicated to specific customers or projects. our staff utilization also depends on the general economy and its effect on our customers and their business decisions regarding the use of our services.
during the year ended december 31, 2020, cost of revenues (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) was $1,732.5 million, representing an increase of 16.4% from $1,488.2 million reported last year. the increase was primarily due to an increase in compensation costs as a result of a 16.8% growth in the average number of production headcount for the year, partially offset by a lower level of accrued variable compensation in 2020 as compared to the previous year.
expressed as a percentage of revenues, cost of revenues (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) was 65.1% and 64.9% during the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. the year-over-year increase is primarily due to declining profitability on certain accounts due to temporary discounts provided to certain customers experiencing challenging economic conditions due to the impact of the covid-19 pandemic, partially offset by a reduction in travel-related expenses due to the restrictions of travel attributable to the covid-19 pandemic.
discussion of cost of revenues (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) from 2019 as compared to 2018 is included in "part ii. item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - results of operations" of our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2019.
selling, general and administrative expenses selling, general and administrative expenses represent expenses associated with promoting and selling our services and general and administrative functions of our business. these expenses include the costs of salaries, bonuses, fringe benefits, stock-based compensation, severance, bad debt, travel, legal and accounting services, insurance, facilities including operating leases, advertising and other promotional activities. in addition, we pay a membership fee of 1% of revenues generated in belarus to the administrative organization of the belarus high-technologies park.
34
our selling, general and administrative expenses have increased due to our continuously expanding operations, strategic business acquisitions, and the hiring of necessary personnel to support our growth. during the year ended december 31, 2020, selling, general and administrative expenses were $484.8 million, representing an increase of 6.0% as compared to $457.4 million reported last year. the increase in selling, general and administrative expenses in 2020 was primarily due to a $44.0 million increase in personnel-related costs, which include stock-based compensation expense, primarily driven by an increase in headcount and partially offset by a reduction in talent acquisition and development expenses and a $3.5 million decrease in costs for software licenses.
expressed as a percentage of revenues, selling, general and administrative expenses decreased 1.7% to 18.2% for the year ended december 31, 2020. the decrease was primarily attributable to a 0.7% decrease in travel and entertainment expenses as a percentage of revenues resulting from the worldwide restriction on travel due to covid-19, a 0.6% decrease in facility-related expenses as a percentage of revenues, reduced talent acquisition and development expenses attributable to reduced hiring efforts in the first half of the year in response to the covid-19 pandemic as well as reduced costs for software licenses partially offset by an increase in personnel-related costs including stock-based compensation expense.
discussion of selling, general and administrative expenses from 2019 as compared to 2018 is included in "part ii. item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - results of operations" of our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2019.
depreciation and amortization expense during the year ended december 31, 2020, depreciation and amortization expense was $62.9 million, representing an increase of $17.6 million from $45.3 million reported last year. the increase in depreciation and amortization expense was primarily due to an increase in computer equipment to support headcount growth and the purchase of certain longer-term software licenses. depreciation and amortization expense includes amortization of acquired finite-lived intangible assets. expressed as a percentage of revenues, depreciation and amortization expense increased to 2.4% during the year ended december 31, 2020 as compared to 2.0% in 2019.
discussion of depreciation and amortization expense from 2019 as compared to 2018 is included in "part ii. item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - results of operations" of our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2019.
interest and other income, net interest and other income, net includes interest earned on cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments and employee housing loans, gains and losses from certain financial instruments, interest expense related to our revolving credit facility and changes in the fair value of contingent consideration. there were no material changes in interest and other income, net in 2020 as compared to 2019 and 2018.
provision for income taxes determining the consolidated provision for income tax expense, deferred income tax assets and liabilities and any potential related valuation allowances involves judgment. we consider factors that may contribute, favorably or unfavorably, to the overall annual effective tax rate in the current year as well as the future. these factors include statutory tax rates and tax law changes in the countries where we operate and excess tax benefits upon vesting or exercise of equity awards as well as consideration of any significant or unusual items.
as a global company, we are required to calculate and provide for income taxes in each of the jurisdictions in which we operate. during 2020, 2019 and 2018, we had $278.1 million, $234.2 million and $205.2 million, respectively, in income before provision for income taxes attributed to our foreign jurisdictions. changes in the geographic mix or level of annual pre-tax income can also affect our overall effective income tax rate.
our provision for income taxes also includes the impact of provisions established for uncertain income tax positions, as well as the related net interest and penalty expense. tax exposures can involve complex issues and may require an extended period to resolve. although we believe we have adequately reserved for our uncertain tax positions, we cannot provide assurance that the final tax outcome of these matters will not be different from our current estimates. we adjust these reserves in light of changing facts and circumstances, such as the closing of a tax audit, statute of limitation lapse or the refinement of an estimate. to the extent that the final tax outcome of these matters differs from the amounts recorded, such differences will impact the provision for income taxes in the period in which such determination is made.
35
in belarus, member technology companies of high-technologies park, including our local subsidiary, have a full exemption from belarus income tax on qualifying income through january 2049. however, beginning february 1, 2018, the earnings of the company's belarus local subsidiary became subject to u.s. income taxation due to the company's decision to change the tax status of the subsidiary. consequently, there was less income tax benefit from the belarus tax exemption during 2018 compared to the previous year. there was no aggregate dollar benefit derived from this tax holiday for the years ended december 31, 2020, and 2019 and the aggregate dollar benefits derived from this tax holiday approximated $1.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2018. there was no impact on diluted net income per share for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019. the benefit the tax holiday had on diluted net income per share approximated $0.02 for the year ended december 31, 2018.
the provision for income taxes was $51.3 million in 2020 and $38.5 million in 2019. the increase was primarily driven by the increase in pre-tax income year over year partially offset by an increase in excess tax benefits recorded upon vesting or exercise of stock-based awards which were $36.6 million in 2020 compared to $28.4 million in 2019. the effective tax rate increased from 12.8% in 2019 to 13.6% in 2020 primarily due to mix in profitability in jurisdictions with different statutory tax rates and the tax treatment of certain acquisition-related costs.
discussion of the provision for income taxes from 2019 as compared to 2018 is included in "part ii. item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - results of operations" of our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2019.
foreign exchange gain / loss for discussion of the impact of foreign exchange fluctuations see "item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk - foreign exchange risk."
results by business segment our operations consist of three reportable segments: north america, europe, and russia. the segments represent components of epam for which separate financial information is available and used on a regular basis by our chief executive officer, who is also our chief operating decision maker ("codm"), to determine how to allocate resources and evaluate performance. our codm makes business decisions based on segment revenues and segment operating profits. segment operating profit is defined as income from operations before unallocated costs. expenses included in segment operating profit consist principally of direct selling and delivery costs as well as an allocation of certain shared services expenses. certain corporate expenses are not allocated to specific segments as these expenses are not controllable at the segment level. such expenses include certain types of professional fees, certain taxes included in operating expenses including the belarus high-technologies park membership fee, compensation to non-employee directors and certain other general and administrative expenses, including compensation of specific groups of non-production employees. in addition, the company does not allocate amortization of intangible assets acquired through business combinations, goodwill and other asset impairment charges, stock-based compensation expenses, acquisition-related costs and certain other one-time charges. these unallocated amounts are combined with total segment operating profit to arrive at consolidated income from operations.
we manage our business primarily based on the managerial responsibility for the client base and market. as managerial responsibility for a particular customer relationship generally correlates with the customer's geographic location, there is a high degree of similarity between customer locations and the geographic boundaries of our reportable segments. in some cases, managerial responsibility for a particular customer is assigned to a management team in another region and is usually based on the strength of the relationship between customer executives and particular members of epam's senior management team. in such cases, the customer's activity would be reported through the respective management team member's reportable segment. our europe segment includes our business in the apac region, which is managed by the same management team.
36
segment revenues from external customers and segment operating profit, before unallocated expenses, for the north america, europe and russia segments for the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018 were as follows:
year ended december 31,
2020                                                       2019                            2018
(in thousands)
segment revenues:
north america                             $1,601,820                      $1,380,944                      $1,076,979
europe                                       947,305                         820,717                         692,785
russia                                       110,353                          92,137                          73,148
total segment revenues                    $2,659,478                      $2,293,798                      $1,842,912
segment operating profit:
north america                               $345,196                        $293,757                        $221,846
europe                                       152,902                         114,863                         115,876
russia                                         5,811                          17,347                          11,377
total segment operating profit              $503,909                        $425,967                        $349,099
north america segment during 2020, north america segment revenues increased $220.9 million, or 16.0%, over last year. revenues from our north america segment represented 60.2% of total segment revenues during both 2020 and 2019. during 2020 as compared to 2019, north america segment operating profits increased $51.4 million, or 17.5%, to $345.2 million. expressed as a percentage of revenue, north america segment operating profit increased to 21.6% in 2020 as compared to 21.3% in 2019.
the following table presents north america segment revenues by industry vertical for the periods indicated:
year ended december 31,                                                       change
2020                                                        2019                                                     dollars                    percentage industry vertical                                                                                                       (in thousands, except percentages)
software &amp; hi-tech                      $419,895                            $354,023                        $65,872                         18.6     %
business information &amp; media             334,063                             262,448                         71,615                         27.3     %
life sciences &amp; healthcare               260,518                             224,925                         35,593                         15.8     %
travel &amp; consumer                        221,977                             198,264                         23,713                         12.0     %
financial services                           199,594                             184,469                         15,125                          8.2     %
emerging verticals                           165,773                             156,815                          8,958                          5.7     %
revenues                                  $1,601,820                          $1,380,944                       $220,876                         16.0     %
software & hi-tech remained the largest industry vertical in the north america segment during the year ended december 31, 2020, growing 18.6% as compared to the prior year, which was a result of the continued focus on working with our technology customers. revenues from the business information & media vertical grew 27.3% during the year ended december 31, 2020, as compared to the prior year and largely benefited from expansion of services to a single customer which was previously one of our top 50 customers and is now one of our top 10 customers. financial services grew at a slower rate of 8.2% in 2020 compared to the prior year primarily due to a change in certain customers' business models associated with low-cost trading platforms. emerging verticals experienced slower growth during 2020 compared to the prior year largely due to slower growth from energy customers in the u.s. who were adversely impacted by deteriorating economic conditions.
37
europe segment during 2020, europe segment revenues were $947.3 million, reflecting an increase of $126.6 million, or 15.4%, from last year. revenues were positively impacted by changes in foreign currency exchange rates during 2020. had our europe segment revenues been expressed in constant currency terms using the exchange rates in effect during 2019, we would have reported revenue growth of 13.6%. revenues from our europe segment represent 35.6% and 35.8% of total segment revenues during 2020 and 2019, respectively. during 2020, this segment's operating profits increased $38.0 million, or 33.1% as compared to last year, to $152.9 million. europe's operating profit represented 16.1% of europe segment revenues as compared to 14.0% in 2019. segment operating profit was positively impacted by changes in foreign currency exchange rates during 2020 and reduced selling, general and administrative expenses partially offset by temporary discounts provided to certain customers experiencing challenging economic conditions due to the impact of the covid-19 pandemic.
the following table presents europe segment revenues by industry vertical for the periods indicated:
year ended december 31,                                                       change
2020                                                      2019                                                   dollars                    percentage industry vertical                                                                                                   (in thousands, except percentages)
financial services                        $278,355                          $244,284                        $34,071                         13.9     %
business information &amp; media           224,922                           157,844                         67,078                         42.5     %
travel &amp; consumer                      220,448                           229,523                        (9,075)                        (4.0)     %
software &amp; hi-tech                      73,288                            77,377                        (4,089)                        (5.3)     %
life sciences &amp; healthcare              35,347                            23,444                         11,903                         50.8     %
emerging verticals                         114,945                            88,245                         26,700                         30.3     %
revenues                                  $947,305                          $820,717                       $126,588                         15.4     %
the europe segment benefited from strong growth in the business information & media vertical of 42.5% for the year ended december 31, 2020 as compared to 2019, largely driven by growth in revenues from one of our top five customers. financial services remained the largest industry vertical in the europe segment during the year ended december 31, 2020. revenues in travel & consumer decreased during the year ended december 31, 2020 as compared to 2019 primarily due to declining demand from certain customers adversely impacted by the decline in global travel due to worldwide travel restrictions as a result of the covid-19 pandemic. revenues in software & hi-tech also decreased during the year ended december 31, 2020 as compared to 2019 primarily due to a change in the estimate of variable consideration associated with a single customer.
russia segment during 2020, revenues from our russia segment increased $18.2 million relative to 2019 and represent 4.2% of total segment revenues during 2020 compared with 4.0% in 2019. operating profits of our russia segment decreased $11.5 million as compared to 2019. expressed as a percentage of russia segment revenues, the segment's operating profits were 5.3% and 18.8% in 2020 and 2019, respectively. this decrease is primarily attributable to costs incurred without recognizing corresponding revenues due to the delays in the timing of execution of contracts during 2020.
the following table presents russia segment revenues by industry vertical for the periods indicated:
year ended december 31,                                                     change
2020                                                                               2019                      dollars                    percentage industry vertical                                                                                               (in thousands, except percentages)
financial services                         $77,286                         $72,119                       $5,167                          7.2     %
travel &amp; consumer                       16,364                          11,571                        4,793                         41.4     %
software &amp; hi-tech                       3,630                           1,998                        1,632                         81.7     %
business information &amp; media             1,695                             631                        1,064                        168.6     %
life sciences &amp; healthcare                 448                              83        365                                          439.8     %
emerging verticals                          10,930                           5,735                        5,195                         90.6     %
revenues                                  $110,353                         $92,137                      $18,216                         19.8     %
38
revenues in the russia segment are generally subject to fluctuations and there have been no significant changes in the individual verticals during 2020 as compared to 2019. russia segment revenues were mainly impacted by the timing of revenue recognition associated with the execution of contracts and the devaluation of the russian ruble relative to the u.s. dollar. had our russia segment revenues been expressed in constant currency terms using the exchange rates in effect during 2019, we would have reported revenue growth of 36.1%.
currency fluctuations of the russian ruble typically impact the results in the russia segment. ongoing economic and geopolitical uncertainty in the region and the volatility of the russian ruble can significantly impact reported revenues and profitability in this segment. we continue to monitor geopolitical forces, economic and trade sanctions, and other issues involving this region.
discussion of segment results from 2019 as compared to 2018 is included in "part ii. item 7. results of operations" of our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2019.
effects of inflation economies in some countries where we operate, particularly belarus, russia, kazakhstan, uzbekistan, ukraine and india have periodically experienced high rates of inflation. periods of higher inflation may affect various economic sectors in those countries and increase our cost of doing business there. inflation may increase some of our expenses such as wages. while inflation may impact our results of operations and financial condition and it is difficult to accurately measure the impact of inflation, we believe the effects of inflation on our results of operations and financial condition are not significant.
liquidity and capital resources capital resources our cash generated from operations has been our primary source of liquidity to fund operations and investments to support the growth of our business. as of december 31, 2020, our principal sources of liquidity were cash and cash equivalents totaling $1,322.1 million, short-term investments of $60.0 million as well as $275.0 million of available borrowings under our revolving credit facility.
we have cash in banks in belarus, russia, ukraine, kazakhstan, armenia, georgia and uzbekistan, where the banking sector remains subject to periodic instability, banking and other financial systems generally do not meet the banking standards of more developed markets, and bank deposits made by corporate entities are not insured. as of december 31, 2020, the total amount of cash held in these countries was $146.2 million and of this amount, $52.9 million was located in belarus. the company regularly monitors cash held in these countries and, to the extent the cash held exceeds amounts required to support our operations in these countries, the company distributes the excess funds into markets with more developed banking sectors.
as of december 31, 2020, we had $275.0 million available for borrowing under our revolving credit facility and had outstanding debt of $25.0 million. as of december 31, 2020, we were in compliance with all covenants specified under the credit facility and anticipate being in compliance for the foreseeable future. see note 9 "long-term debt" in the notes to our consolidated financial statements in this annual report on form 10-k for information regarding our long-term debt.
our ability to expand and grow our business in accordance with current plans and to meet our long-term capital requirements will depend on many factors, including the rate at which our cash flows increase or decrease and the availability of public and private debt and equity financing. we may require additional cash resources due to changed business conditions or other future developments, including any investments or acquisitions we may decide to pursue. if our resources are insufficient to satisfy our cash requirements, we may seek to sell additional equity or debt securities or obtain another credit facility.
based on currently available information and management's current expectations, we anticipate that we have sufficient cash on hand and sufficient access to capital to continue to fund our operations for a significant period of time. however, covid-19 and related measures to contain its impact have caused material disruptions in both national and global financial markets and economies. the future impact of covid-19 and the covid-19 containment measures cannot be predicted with certainty and may increase our borrowing costs and other costs of capital and otherwise adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.
39
cash flows the following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods indicated:
for the years ended december 31,
2020                                                                                                     2019                              2018
(in thousands)
consolidated statements of cash flow data:
net cash provided by operating activities                                                $544,407                          $287,453                          $292,218
net cash used in investing activities                                                   (167,154)                         (145,369)                         (112,123)
net cash (used in)/provided by financing activities                                         (765)                            20,363                            23,001
effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash               9,357                             3,530                          (14,240)
net increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash                               $385,845                          $165,977                          $188,856
cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of period                           937,688                           771,711                           582,855
cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period                              $1,323,533                          $937,688                          $771,711
operating activities net cash provided by operating activities during the year ended december 31, 2020 increased $257.0 million, or 89.4%, to $544.4 million, as compared to 2019 primarily driven by the increase in net income and a larger improvement in days sales outstanding during 2020 compared to 2019 which resulted in higher cash collections during 2020 as compared to 2019.
investing activities net cash used in investing activities during the year ended december 31, 2020 was $167.2 million compared to $145.4 million used in the same period in 2019. the increase was primarily attributable to $60.0 million of net cash invested into time deposits classified as short-term investments partially offset by a decrease in capital expenditures of $30.5 million.
financing activities during the year ended december 31, 2020, net cash used in financing activities was $0.8 million, compared to $20.4 million net cash provided by financing activities in 2019. during 2020, we received $10.6 million less cash from exercises of stock options issued under our long-term incentive plans, we paid $5.9 million more in contingent consideration related to acquisitions of businesses and we paid $4.6 million more of withholding taxes related to net share settlements of restricted stock units compared to 2019.
discussion of the comparison of the cash flows between 2019 and 2018 is included in "part ii. item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - liquidity and capital resources" of our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2019.
40
contractual obligations and future capital requirements contractual obligations set forth below is information concerning our significant fixed and determinable contractual obligations as of december 31, 2020.
total                  less than 1                    1-3 years                  3-5 years            more than 5
year                                                                    years
(in thousands)
operating lease obligations                                    $261,790                    $66,585                      $87,415                    $55,259                  $52,531
u.s. tax act transition tax (1)                                  40,516                        385                       13,715                     26,416                  -
u.s. social security taxes(2)                                    14,121                      6,653                        7,468                          -                  -
long-term incentive plan payouts (3)                             62,839                     31,022                       26,857                      4,960                  -
long-term debt obligations(4)                                    26,094                        814                       25,280                          -                  -
commitments for the purchase of long term assets (5)             38,482                     38,482                            -                          -                  -
total contractual obligations                                  $443,842                   $143,941                     $160,735                    $86,635                  $52,531
(1)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            the u.s. tax act transition tax on undistributed foreign earnings is payable in annual installments through 2026. see note 13 "income taxes" to our consolidated financial statements.
(2)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      during the year ended december 31, 2020, we have accrued the employer portion of the u.s. social security taxes and will remit 50% of the outstanding balance (net of applied prior overpayments) by the respective due dates of december 31, 2021 and 2022.
(3)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            we estimate our future obligations for long-term incentive plan payouts by assuming the closing price per share of our common stock at december 31, 2020 remains constant into the future. this is an estimate as actual prices will vary over time.
(4)       our future obligations related to the 2017 credit facility consist of principal, interest and fees for the unused balance. we assume the floating interest rate in effect at december 31, 2020 will remain constant into the future. this is an estimate, as actual rates will vary over time. in addition, for the 2017 credit facility, we assume that the balance outstanding and the unused balance as of december 31, 2020 remain the same through the remaining term of the agreement. the actual respective balances under our 2017 credit facility may fluctuate significantly in future periods depending on the business decisions of management.
(5)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         as of december 31, 2020, we have entered into agreements to purchase office space in ukraine intended to support the global delivery centers in that country. see note 15 "commitments and contingencies" in the notes to our consolidated financial statements in this annual report on form 10-k. in addition, we have incurred obligations to acquire other fixed assets which have not yet been paid.
as of december 31, 2020 we had $3.3 million of unrecognized tax benefits for which we are unable to make a reliable estimate of the eventual cash flows by period that may be required to settle these matters. in addition, we had recorded $7.5 million of contingent consideration liabilities as of december 31, 2020 related to the acquisitions of businesses that are not included in the table above due to the uncertainty involved with the potential payments.
see note 15 "commitments and contingencies" in the notes to our consolidated financial statements in this annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2020 for information regarding contractual obligations.
future capital requirements we believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents combined with our expected cash flow from operations will be sufficient to meet our projected operating and capital expenditure requirements for at least the next twelve months and that we possess the financial flexibility to execute our strategic objectives, including the ability to make acquisitions and strategic investments in the foreseeable future. however, our ability to generate cash is subject to our performance, general economic conditions, industry trends and other factors including the impact of the covid-19 pandemic as described elsewhere in this md&a. to the extent that existing cash and cash equivalents and operating cash flow are insufficient to fund our future activities and requirements, we may need to raise additional funds through public or private equity or debt financing. if we issue equity securities in order to raise additional funds, substantial dilution to existing stockholders may occur. if we raise cash through the issuance of additional indebtedness, we may be subject to additional contractual restrictions on our business. there is no assurance that we would be able to raise additional funds on favorable terms or at all.
off-balance sheet commitments and arrangements we do not have any material obligations under guarantee contracts or other contractual arrangements other than as disclosed in note 15 "commitments and contingencies" in the notes to our consolidated financial statements in this annual report on form 10-k. we have not entered into any transactions with unconsolidated entities where we have financial guarantees, subordinated retained interests, derivative instruments, or other contingent arrangements that expose us to material continuing risks, contingent liabilities, or any other obligation under a variable interest in an unconsolidated entity that provides financing, liquidity, market risk, or credit risk support to us, or engages in leasing, hedging, or research and development services with us.
41
