item 1a.     risk factors our business involves various risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to those discussed in this section. the risks and uncertainties described in the risk factors below, or any additional risk outside of those discussed below, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results, cash flows, or liquidity if they were to develop into actual events. this information should be considered carefully together with the other information contained in this report and in other reports and materials we file periodically with the securities and exchange commission.
our risks have been divided into the following categories:
risks related to erie insurance exchange - risks related to our dependence on our relationship with the exchange associated with management fees, premium growth, and financial condition, as the exchange is our sole customer and principal source of revenue operating risks - risks stemming from events or circumstances that directly or indirectly affect our operations, including our operations as attorney-in-fact for the exchange market, capital, and liquidity risks - risks that may impact the values or results or our investment portfolio, ability to meet financial obligations or covenants, or obtain capital as necessary although we have organized risks generally according to these categories in the discussion below, risks may have impacts in more than one category and are included where the impact is most significant.
risks related to erie insurance exchange if the management fee rate paid by the exchange is reduced or if there is a significant decrease in the amount of direct and affiliated assumed premiums written by the exchange, revenues and profitability could be materially adversely affected.
we are dependent upon management fees paid by the exchange, which represent our principal source of revenue. pursuant to the subscriber's agreement with the subscribers at the exchange, we may retain up to 25% of all direct and affiliated assumed premiums written by the exchange. therefore, management fee revenue from the exchange is calculated by multiplying the management fee rate by the direct and affiliated assumed premiums written by the exchange. accordingly, any reduction in direct and affiliated assumed premiums written by the exchange and/or the management fee rate would have a negative effect on our revenues and net income.
the management fee rate is determined by our board of directors and may not exceed 25% of the direct and affiliated assumed premiums written by the exchange. the board of directors sets the management fee rate each december for the following year. at their discretion, the rate can be changed at any time. the process of setting the management fee rate includes the evaluation of current year operating results compared to both prior year and industry estimated results for both indemnity and the exchange, and consideration of several factors for both entities including: their relative financial strength and capital position; projected revenue, expense and earnings for the subsequent year; future capital needs; as well as competitive position. the evaluation of these factors could result in a reduction to the management fee rate and our revenues and profitability could be materially adversely affected.
serving as the attorney-in-fact in the reciprocal insurance exchange structure results in the exchange being our sole customer. we have an interest in the growth of the exchange as our earnings are largely generated from management fees based on the direct and affiliated assumed premiums written by the exchange. if the exchange's ability to grow or renew policies were adversely impacted, the premium revenue of the exchange would be adversely affected which would reduce our management fee revenue. the circumstances or events that might impair the exchange's ability to grow include, but are not limited to, the items discussed below.
unfavorable changes in macroeconomic conditions, including declining consumer confidence, inflation, high unemployment, and the threat of recession, among others, may lead the exchange's customers to modify coverage, not renew policies, or even cancel policies, which could adversely affect the premium revenue of the exchange, and consequently our management fee.
the exchange faces significant competition from other regional and national insurance companies. the property and casualty insurance industry is highly competitive on the basis of product, price and service. if the exchange's competitors offer property and casualty products with more coverage or offer lower rates, and the exchange is unable to implement product improvements quickly enough to keep pace, its ability to grow and renew its business may be adversely impacted. in addition, due to the exchange's premium concentration in the automobile and homeowners insurance markets, it may be more sensitive to trends that could affect auto and home insurance coverages and rates over time, for example changing vehicle usage, usage-based methods of determining premiums, ownership and driving patterns such as ride sharing, advancements in vehicle or home technology or safety features such as accident and loss prevention technologies, the development of autonomous vehicles, or residential occupancy patterns, among other factors. innovations by competitors or other market participants may increase the level of competition in the industry. if we fail to respond to those innovations on a timely basis, our competitive position and results may be materially adversely affected.
the exchange markets and sells its insurance products through independent, non-exclusive insurance agencies. these agencies are not obligated to sell only the exchange's insurance products, and generally also sell products of the exchange's competitors. if agencies do not maintain their current levels of marketing efforts, bind the exchange to unacceptable risks, place business with competing insurers, or the exchange is unsuccessful in attracting or retaining agencies in its distribution system as well as maintaining its relationships with those agencies, the exchange's ability to grow and renew its business may be adversely impacted. additionally, consumer preferences may cause the insurance industry as a whole to migrate to a delivery system other than independent agencies.
the exchange maintains a brand recognized for customer service. the perceived performance, actions, conduct and behaviors of employees, independent insurance agency representatives, and third-party service partners may result in reputational harm to the exchange's brand. specific incidents which may cause harm include but are not limited to disputes, long customer wait times, errors in processing a claim, failure to protect sensitive customer data, and negative or inaccurate social media or traditional media communications. likewise, an inability to match or exceed the service provided by competitors, which is increasingly relying on digital delivery and enhanced distribution technology, may impede the exchange's ability to maintain and/or grow its customer base. if third-party service providers fail to perform as anticipated, the exchange may experience operational difficulties, increased costs and reputational damage. if an extreme catastrophic event were to occur in a heavily concentrated geographic area of subscribers/policyholders, an extraordinarily high number of claims could have the potential to strain claims processing and affect the exchange's ability to satisfy its customers. any reputational harm to the exchange could have the potential to impair its ability to grow and renew its business.
we have an interest in the financial condition of the exchange based on serving as the attorney-in-fact in the reciprocal insurance exchange structure and the exchange being our sole customer. if the exchange were to fail to maintain acceptable financial strength ratings, its competitive position in the insurance industry would be adversely affected. if a rating downgrade led to customers not renewing or canceling policies, or impacted the exchange's ability to attract new customers, the premium revenue of the exchange would be adversely affected which would reduce our management fee revenue. the circumstances or events that might impair the exchange's financial condition include, but are not limited to, the items discussed below.
financial strength ratings are an important factor in establishing the competitive position of insurance companies such as the exchange. higher ratings generally indicate greater financial stability and a stronger ability to meet ongoing obligations to policyholders. the exchange's a.m. best rating is currently a+ ("superior"). rating agencies periodically review insurers' ratings and change their rating criteria; therefore, the exchange's current rating may not be maintained in the future. a significant downgrade in this or other ratings could reduce the competitive position of the exchange, making it more difficult to attract profitable business in the highly competitive property and casualty insurance market and potentially result in reduced sales of its products and lower premium revenue.
the performance of the exchange's investment portfolio is subject to a variety of investment risks. the exchange's investment portfolio is comprised principally of fixed income securities, equity securities and limited partnerships. the fixed income portfolio is subject to a number of risks including, but not limited to, interest rate risk, investment credit risk, sector/concentration risk and liquidity risk. the exchange's common stock and preferred equity securities have exposure to price risk, the risk of potential loss in estimated fair value resulting from an adverse change in prices. limited partnerships are significantly less liquid and generally involve higher degrees of price risk than publicly traded securities. limited partnerships, like publicly traded securities, have exposure to market volatility; but unlike fixed income securities, cash flows and return expectations are less predictable. if any investments in the exchange's investment portfolio were to suffer a substantial decrease in value, the exchange's financial position could be materially adversely affected through increased unrealized losses or impairments. a significant decrease in the exchange's portfolio could also put it, or its subsidiaries, at risk of failing to satisfy regulatory or rating agency minimum capital requirements.
property and casualty insurers are subject to extensive regulatory supervision in the states in which they do business. this regulatory oversight includes, by way of example, matters relating to licensing, examination, rate setting, market conduct, policy forms, limitations on the nature and amount of certain investments, claims practices, mandated participation in involuntary markets and guaranty funds, reserve adequacy, insurer solvency, restrictions on underwriting standards, accounting standards, and transactions between affiliates. such regulation and supervision are primarily for the benefit and protection of policyholders. changes in applicable insurance laws, tax statutes, regulations, or changes in the way regulators administer those laws, tax statutes, or regulations could adversely impact the exchange's business, cash flows, results of operations, financial condition, or operating environment and increase its exposure to loss or put it at a competitive disadvantage, which could result in reduced sales of its products and lower premium revenue.
property and casualty insurers face a significant risk of litigation and regulatory investigations and actions in the ordinary course of operating their businesses including the risk of class action lawsuits and claims regarding the infringement of the intellectual property of others. plaintiffs in class action and other lawsuits against the exchange may seek large or indeterminate amounts of damages, including punitive and treble damages, which may remain unknown for substantial periods of time. the exchange is also subject to various regulatory inquiries, such as information requests, subpoenas, and books and record examinations from state and federal regulators and authorities.
as insurance industry practices and legal, judicial, social and other environmental conditions change, unexpected and unintended issues related to claims and coverage may emerge. in some instances, these emerging issues may not become apparent for some time after the exchange has issued the affected insurance policies. as a result, the full extent of liability under the exchange's insurance policies may not be known for many years after the policies are issued. these issues may adversely affect the exchange's business by either extending coverage beyond its underwriting intent or by increasing the number or size of claims.
the exchange's insurance operations are exposed to claims arising out of catastrophes. common natural catastrophic events include hurricanes, earthquakes, tornadoes, hail storms, and severe winter weather. the frequency and severity of these catastrophes is inherently unpredictable. changing climate conditions have added to the unpredictability, frequency and severity of natural disasters and have created additional uncertainty as to future trends and exposures. a single catastrophic occurrence or aggregation of multiple smaller occurrences within its geographical region of the exchange or its assumed property reinsurance portfolio could adversely affect the financial condition of the exchange. man-made disasters such as terrorist attacks and riots could also cause losses from insurance claims related to the property and casualty insurance operations, which could adversely affect its financial condition.
if the impacts of the covid-19 pandemic impair the exchange's ability to grow or its financial condition, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows.
on march 11, 2020, the world health organization declared the outbreak of covid-19 a global pandemic. the significant economic disruption and uncertainty resulting from the covid-19 pandemic that began in 2020 continues to evolve and the pandemic's ultimate impact and duration remain highly uncertain at this time. if future waves of the virus occur or effective medical treatments are not administered, future restrictions, including business closures and stay at home orders, and a prolonged recession remain a possibility. the resulting effects, including a decline in consumer activity, lower demand for certain services, high unemployment, payroll declines, and reduced personal income may cause customers to modify coverages, not renew or cancel policies, which may have a negative impact on the exchange's written premiums, and therefore our management fees. accordingly, the extent and duration of the effects on future customer demand and buying practices remains uncertain. a specific action taken by the exchange both in response to changes in exposure as less driving occurs and to provide financial relief to the policyholders has resulted in a certain reduction to the exchange's written premiums. in 2020, the exchange and its subsidiaries announced an estimated $200 million in personal and commercial auto rate reductions effective beginning july 1, 2020 at the time of new policy issuance or policy renewal. estimated remaining rate reductions related to this event of $110 million in premiums and a corresponding decrease of $28 million in management fee revenue will impact both the exchanges' written premium and our management fee revenue in 2021. longer term, there could be sustained changes in driving patterns if working remotely becomes more common and accepted, potentially having a negative impact on premium revenues. further declines in economic conditions, potential regulatory actions, or competitive pressure could also impact the exchange's rates and written premium, and therefore our management fees.
the exchange is represented by independent agencies that serve as its sole distribution channel. the economic impact of the pandemic on independent agents' business operations or systems capabilities could make it difficult for independent agents to write new business and retain existing business and/or constrain the ability to recruit new agents, thereby impeding premium growth. while independent agents have been able to work remotely or safely in their offices, future waves of the virus could adversely impact their operations and their ability to write new business and provide service to existing policyholders. more broadly, independent agents may face challenges sustaining their own business operations and financial conditions that could result in the sale or closure of their businesses, thereby reducing the agency force of the exchange. further, the covid-19 pandemic could be an accelerant to shifting consumer behaviors toward increased digital interactions.
the unknown risks related to the covid-19 pandemic may cause additional uncertainty in the process of estimating loss and loss adjustment expense reserves. for example, the behavior of claimants and policyholders may change in unexpected ways, the disruption to the court system may impact the timing and amounts of claims settlements, and the actions taken by governmental bodies, both legislative and regulatory, in reaction to covid-19 and their related impacts are hard to predict. as a result, the exchange's estimated level of loss and loss adjustment expense reserves may change.
the exchange's financial condition could be impacted by defaults or delays in collecting premiums from customers due to economic hardships. regulatory actions including temporary suspension of policy cancellations for the nonpayment of premiums and relaxing due dates for premium payments could also have a negative impact to the exchange. if there were legislative action to retroactively mandate coverage irrespective of terms, exclusions or other conditions included in business interruption policies that would otherwise preclude coverage, this could have a material impact on the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the exchange.
the exchange and its subsidiaries have been named as defendants in a number of pandemic-related lawsuits and, therefore, are subject to the risks and uncertainties of such litigation. there is also a risk that the exchange could suffer reputational harm if any actions taken are not viewed as sufficient responses to the pandemic by customers or consumer organizations.
while the exchange's investment portfolio was negatively impacted by the significant disruption to financial markets in the first quarter of 2020 as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, market conditions substantially recovered through the remainder of the year. the value of the exchange's invested assets could be adversely impacted and there is potential for further impairments on its investment portfolio as long as market conditions remain volatile in response to the developments of this pandemic and the related economic impacts.
the duration and extent of the impact on the exchange's business, strategy, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows cannot be estimated with a high degree of certainty at this time given the ongoing developments of this pandemic and the related impacts on the economy and financial markets.
operating risks if the costs of providing services to the exchange are not controlled, our profitability could be materially adversely affected.
pursuant to the subscriber's agreement, we perform policy issuance and renewal services for the subscribers at the exchange and we serve as the attorney-in-fact on behalf of the exchange with respect to its administrative services. the most significant costs we incur in providing policy issuance and renewal services are commissions, employee costs, and technology costs.
commissions to independent agents are our largest expense. commissions include scheduled commissions to agents based upon premiums written as well as additional commissions and bonuses to agents, which are earned by achieving certain targeted measures. changes to commission rates or bonus programs may result in increased future costs and lower profitability. our second largest expense is employee costs, including salaries, healthcare, pension, and other benefit costs. regulatory developments, provider relationships, and demographic and economic factors that are beyond our control indicate that employee healthcare costs could continue to increase which could reduce our profitability. the defined benefit pension plan we offer to our employees is affected by variable factors such as the interest rate used to discount pension liabilities, asset performance and changes in retirement patterns, which are beyond our control and any related future costs increases would reduce our profitability.
technological development is necessary to facilitate ease of doing business for employees, agents and customers. insurance company technological developments are focused on simplifying and improving the customer experience, increasing efficiencies, redesigning products and addressing other potentially disruptive changes in the insurance industry. as we continue to develop technology initiatives in order to remain competitive, our profitability could be negatively impacted as we invest in system development.
if we are unable to attract, develop, and retain talented executives, key managers, and employees our financial conditions and results of operations could be adversely affected.
our success is largely dependent upon our ability to attract and retain talented executives and other key management. talent is defined as people with the right skills, knowledge, abilities, character, and motivation. the loss of the services and leadership of certain key officers and the failure to attract and develop talented new executives and managers could prevent us from successfully communicating, implementing, and executing business strategies.
our success also depends on our ability to attract, develop, and retain a talented employee base. the inability to staff all functions of our business with employees possessing the appropriate talent, failure to recognize and respond to changing trends and other circumstances that affect our employees, or failure to instill appropriate cultural expectations and behavioral norms within our employees could have an adverse effect on our business performance. staffing appropriately talented employees for the handling of claims and servicing of customers, rendering of disciplined underwriting, and effective sales and marketing are critical to the core functions of our business. in addition, talented employees in the actuarial, finance, human resources, law, and information technology areas are also essential to support our core functions.
if we are unable to ensure system availability or effectively manage technology initiatives, we may experience adverse financial consequences and/or may be unable to compete effectively.
our business is highly dependent upon the effectiveness of our technology and information systems which support key functions of our core business operations including processing applications and premium payments, providing customer support, performing actuarial and financial analysis, and maintaining key data. additionally, the exchange relies heavily on technology systems for processing claims. in order to support our business processes and strategic initiatives in a cost and resource efficient manner, we must maintain the effectiveness of existing technology systems and continue to both develop new, and enhance existing, technology systems. as we invest in the development of our systems, costs and completion times could exceed original estimates, and/or the project may not deliver the anticipated benefit or perform as expected. if we do not effectively and efficiently manage and upgrade our technology systems, our ability to serve our customers and implement our strategic initiatives could be adversely impacted.
additionally, we depend on a large amount of data to price policies appropriately, track exposures, perform financial analysis, report to regulatory bodies, and ultimately make business decisions. should this data be inaccurate or insufficient, risk exposure may be underestimated and/or poor business decisions may be made. this may in turn lead to adverse operational or financial performance and adverse customer or investor confidence.
if we experience difficulties with technology, data and network security, including as a result of cyber attacks, third-party relationships or cloud-based relationships, our ability to conduct our business could be adversely impacted.
in the normal course of business, we collect, use, store and where appropriate, disclose data concerning individuals and businesses. we also conduct business using third-party vendors who may provide software, data storage, cloud-based computing and other technology services. we have on occasion experienced, and will continue to experience, cyber threats to our data and systems. cyber threats can create significant risks such as destruction of systems or data, denial or interruption of service, disruption of transaction execution, loss or exposure of customer data, theft or exposure of our intellectual property, theft of funds or disruption of other important business functions. the business we conduct with our third-party vendors may expose us to increased risk related to data security, service disruptions or effectiveness of our control system.
in addition, we are subject to numerous federal and state data privacy laws relating to the privacy of the nonpublic personal information of our customers, employees and others. the improper access, disclosure, or misuse or mishandling of information sent to or received from a customer, employee or third party could result in legal liability, regulatory action and reputational damage. third parties on whom we rely for certain business processing functions are also subject to these risks, and their failure to adhere to these laws and regulations could negatively impact us.
we employ a company-wide cybersecurity program of technical, administrative, physical and disclosure controls intended to reduce the risk of cyber threats and protect our information, as well as to communicate potential material threats and incidents. our cybersecurity philosophy and approach align to the national institute of standards and technology cybersecurity framework and its core elements to identify, protect, detect, respond and recover from the various forms of cyber threats. our practices include, but are not limited to, cybersecurity protocols and controls, system monitoring and detection, communication of incidents to appropriate management, vendor risk management, and ongoing privacy and cybersecurity training for employees and contractors concerning cyber risk. we periodically assess the effectiveness of our cybersecurity efforts including independent validation and verification and security assessments conducted by independent third parties. the number, complexity and sophistication of cyber threats continue to increase over time. the controls we have implemented, and continue to develop, may not be sufficient to prevent events like unauthorized physical or electronic access, denial of service, cyber attacks, or other security breaches to our computer systems or those of third parties with whom we do business. in some cases, such events may not be immediately detected and/or the impact of such events immediately determined.
our board of directors oversees our activities with respect to managing cyber risk through its risk committee. management periodically reports on our cybersecurity risk management program including our risk evaluation and the results of independent third-party security assessments, and our efforts to mitigate cyber related risks.
to date, we are not aware of any material cybersecurity breach with respect to our systems or data. any cyber incident or other security breach could cause disruption in our business operations and may result in other negative consequences including significant remediation costs, loss of revenue, additional regulatory scrutiny, fines, litigation, monetary damages and reputational harm. while we maintain cyber liability insurance to mitigate the financial risk around cyber incidents, such insurance may not cover all costs associated with the consequences of information or systems being compromised. as a result, in the event of a material cybersecurity breach, our business, cash flows, financial condition or results of operations could be materially, adversely affected.
if events occurred causing interruption of our operations, facilities, systems or business functions, it could have a material adverse effect on our operations and financial results.
we have an established business continuity plan to ensure the continuation of core business operations in the event that normal business operations could not be performed due to a catastrophic or other event. while we continue to test and assess our business continuity plan to validate it meets the needs of our core business operations and addresses multiple business interruption events, there is no assurance that core business operations could be performed upon the occurrence of such an event. employee absence, physical premises damage, systems failures or outages could compromise our ability to perform our business functions in a timely manner, which could harm our ability to conduct business and hurt our relationships with our business partners and customers. our business continuity is also dependent on third-party personnel, infrastructure and systems on which we rely. our operations and those of our third-party vendors may become vulnerable to damage or disruption due to circumstances beyond our or their control, such as from catastrophic events, power anomalies or outages, natural disasters, network failures, and cyber attacks. disruption of our operations for any reason could result in a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition, or results of operations.
we are subject to applicable insurance laws, tax statutes, and regulations, as well as claims and legal proceedings, which, if determined unfavorably, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition.
we face a significant risk of litigation and regulatory investigations and actions in the ordinary course of operating our businesses including the risk of class action lawsuits. we are, have been, or may become subject to class actions and individual suits alleging breach of fiduciary or other duties, including our obligations to indemnify directors and officers in connection with certain legal matters. we are also subject to litigation arising out of our general business activities such as contractual and employment relationships and claims regarding the infringement of the intellectual property of others. plaintiffs in class action and other lawsuits against us may seek large or indeterminate amounts of damages, including punitive and treble damages, which may remain unknown for substantial periods of time. we are also subject to various regulatory inquiries, such as information requests, subpoenas, and books and record examinations from state and federal regulators and authorities. in addition, changes in the way regulators administer applicable laws, tax statutes, or regulations could adversely impact our business, cash flows, results of operations, or financial condition.
the effect of the covid-19 pandemic on our operations, the business operations of our customers and/or independent agents, or our third-party vendor operations, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows.
if the covid-19 pandemic results in conditions that constrain the exchange's ability to grow its written premiums, our management fee revenue could be negatively impacted. certain expenses within our cost of operations could increase as a result of the pandemic, including but not limited to agent compensation, technology costs, and potentially healthcare costs, among others. our agent incentive bonuses include a profitability component. if claims frequency and loss expenses continue to decline, the profitability component of our agent incentive bonuses will continue to improve, increasing our agent compensation costs. technology costs may continue to increase as a result of supporting remote work capabilities for our employees. if a significant number of our employees and/or their dependents were to become infected, there is a potential for increased healthcare costs for treatments on covid-19 as well as the potential for increased use of third-party services to maintain service. also, future pension costs could increase as a result of a lower discount rate or investment returns related to the adverse market conditions caused by the covid-19 pandemic.
our business continuity plans were implemented upon the outbreak of this pandemic, including transitioning the vast majority of our employees and third-party contractors to remote work capabilities. we have had no significant interruption to our core business processes or systems to date. we have processes in place with our critical third-party vendors to understand impacts on their business and their business continuity plans. we have had no significant interruption to any third-party vendor relationships, business processes or systems to date. no significant challenges have been identified in our, or our third-party vendor's ongoing business continuity plans, however if future challenges were to arise, this could result in an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. also, while we have not experienced any delays in internal initiatives to date, future challenges could arise that impact the timing and execution of certain initiatives. having shifted to remote working arrangements, we also face a heightened risk of cybersecurity attacks or data security incidents. while cyber threats have remained at a constant level, new cybersecurity tactics, techniques, and practices continue to evolve. additionally, we are more dependent on internet and telecommunications access and capabilities. if we experience difficulties with technology, data and network security, telecommunications access, outsourcing relationships or cloud-based technology, our ability to conduct our business could be negatively impacted.
indemnity's workforce is largely concentrated in erie, pennsylvania. if a significant outbreak affects the labor force in this area, or if a significant operating function had a high level of infections at one time, it could impact the policy acquisition, underwriting, claims and/or support services provided to the policyholders of the exchange and/or our independent agents.
with the increasing number of covid-19 related disputes, there is a risk that indemnity could become subject to pandemic related litigation. it is also possible that changes in economic conditions and steps taken by federal, state and local governments in response to covid-19 could require an increase in taxes at the federal, state and local levels, which would adversely impact our results of operations.
while indemnity's investment portfolio was negatively impacted by the significant disruption to financial markets in the first quarter of 2020 as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, market conditions substantially recovered through the remainder of the year. the value of our invested assets could be adversely impacted and there is potential for further impairments in our investment portfolio as long as market conditions remain volatile in response to the developments of this pandemic and the related economic impacts.
the duration and extent of the impact on our business, strategy, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows cannot be estimated with a high degree of certainty at this time given the ongoing developments of this pandemic and the related impacts on the economy and financial markets.
market, capital, and liquidity risks the performance of our investment portfolio is subject to a variety of investment risks, which may in turn have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition.
at december 31, 2020, our investment portfolio consisted of approximately 84% fixed maturity securities, with the remaining 16% invested in equity securities and other investments.
general economic conditions and other factors beyond our control can adversely affect the value of our investments and the realization of net investment income, or result in realized investment losses. in addition, downward economic trends also may have an adverse effect on our investment results by negatively impacting the business conditions and impairing credit for the issuers of securities held in our respective investment portfolios. this could reduce fair values of investments and generate significant unrealized losses or impairment charges which may adversely affect our financial results.
the performance of the fixed income portfolio is subject to a number of risks including, but not limited to:
•interest rate risk - the risk of adverse changes in the value of fixed income securities as a result of increases in market interest rates.
•investment credit risk - the risk that the value of certain investments may decrease due to the deterioration in financial condition of, or the liquidity available to, one or more issuers of those securities or, in the case of structured securities, due to the deterioration of the loans or other assets that underlie the securities, which, in each case, also includes the risk of permanent loss.
•sector/concentration risk - the risk that the portfolio may be too heavily concentrated in the securities of one or more issuers, sectors, or industries. events or developments that have a negative impact on any particular industry, group of related industries, or geographic region may have a greater adverse effect on our investment portfolio to the extent that the portfolio is concentrated within those issuers, sectors, or industries.
•liquidity risk - the risk that we will not be able to convert investment securities into cash on favorable terms and on a timely basis, or that we will not be able to sell them at all, when desired. disruptions in the financial markets or a lack of buyers for the specific securities that we are trying to sell, could prevent us from liquidating securities or cause a reduction in prices to levels that are not acceptable to us.
•reinvestment risk - the possibility that the cash flows produced by an investment will have to be reinvested at a reduced rate of return. approximately 38% of our fixed maturity portfolio is expected to mature over the next three years.
our equity securities have exposure to price risk. equity markets, sectors, industries, and individual securities may also be subject to some of the same risks that affect our fixed income portfolio, as discussed above.
all of our fixed income and equity securities are subject to market volatility. to the extent that future market volatility negatively impacts our investments, our financial condition will be negatively impacted. we review the fixed income portfolio on a continuous basis to evaluate positions that are in an unrealized loss position to determine whether impairments are a result of credit loss or other factors. inherent in management's evaluation of a security are assumptions and estimates about the operations of the issuer and its future earnings potential. the primary factors considered in our review of investment valuation include the extent to which fair value is less than cost, historical operating performance and financial condition of the issuer, short- and long-term prospects of the issuer and its industry, specific events that occurred affecting the issuer, including rating downgrades, and, depending on the type of security, our intent to sell or our ability and intent to retain the investment for a period of time sufficient to allow for a recovery in value. as the process for determining impairments is highly subjective, changes in our assessments may have a material effect on our operating results and financial condition. see also part ii, item 7a. "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk".
in july 2017, the united kingdom's financial conduct authority ("fca"), which regulates the london interbank offered rate ("libor"), announced that it intends to phase out libor by the end of 2021. after this date, the fca will no longer require banks to make libor submissions. following discussions with the fca and other official sector bodies, the intercontinental exchange benchmark administration announced in november 2020 that it is considering the publication of certain usd libor settings through june 30, 2023. approximately 23% of our investment portfolio includes securities with libor exposure where the stated final maturity date extends beyond june 30, 2023. for securities without adequate fallback provisions already in place, there are ongoing efforts to establish an alternative reference rate. the transition of our investments to an alternative reference rate may result in adverse changes to the value and return on those investments. due to uncertainty surrounding alternative rates, we are unable to predict the overall impact of this change at this time.
deteriorating capital and credit market conditions or a failure to accurately estimate capital needs may significantly affect our ability to meet liquidity needs and access capital.
sufficient liquidity and capital levels are required to pay operating expenses, income taxes, and to provide the necessary resources to fund future growth opportunities, satisfy certain financial covenants, pay dividends on common stock, and repurchase common stock. management estimates the appropriate level of capital necessary based upon current and projected results, which includes evaluating potential risks. failure to accurately estimate our capital needs may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition until additional sources of capital can be obtained. further, a deteriorating financial condition may create a negative perception of us by third parties, including investors, and financial institutions, which could impact our ability to access additional capital in the debt or equity markets.
our primary sources of liquidity are management fee revenue and cash flows generated from our investment portfolio. in the event our current sources do not satisfy our liquidity needs, we have the ability to access our $100 million bank revolving line of credit, from which there were no borrowings as of december 31, 2020, or liquidate assets in our investment portfolio. volatility in the financial markets could limit our ability to sell certain of our fixed income securities or cause such investments to sell at deep discounts.
in the event these traditional sources of liquidity are not available, we may have to seek additional financing. our access to funds will depend upon a number of factors including current market conditions, the availability of credit, market liquidity, and the timing of obtaining credit ratings. in deteriorating market conditions, there can be no assurance that we will obtain additional financing, or, if available, that the cost of financing will not substantially increase and affect our overall profitability.
item 7.     management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion of financial condition and results of operations highlights significant factors influencing erie indemnity company ("indemnity", "we", "us", "our"). this discussion should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements and related notes and all other items contained within this annual report on form 10-k as these contain important information helpful in evaluating our financial condition and results of operations.
index page number cautionary statement regarding forward-looking information recent accounting standards operating overview critical accounting estimates                                                  25
results of operations                                                          29
financial condition                                                            36
investments shareholders' equity home office expansion liquidity and capital resources transactions/agreements with related parties                                   41
cautionary statement regarding forward-looking information
"safe harbor" statement under the private securities litigation reform act of 1995:
statements contained herein that are not historical fact are forward-looking statements and, as such, are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events and results to differ, perhaps materially, from those discussed herein.  forward-looking statements relate to future trends, events or results and include, without limitation, statements and assumptions on which such statements are based that are related to our plans, strategies, objectives, expectations, intentions, and adequacy of resources.  examples of forward-looking statements are discussions relating to premium and investment income, expenses, operating results, and compliance with contractual and regulatory requirements.  forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict.  therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or forecasted in such forward-looking statements.  among the risks and uncertainties, in addition to those set forth in our filings with the securities and exchange commission, that could cause actual results and future events to differ from those set forth or contemplated in the forward-looking statements include the following:
•dependence upon our relationship with the erie insurance exchange ("exchange") and the management fee under the agreement with the subscribers at the exchange;
•dependence upon our relationship with the exchange and the growth of the exchange, including:
◦general business and economic conditions;
◦factors affecting insurance industry competition;
◦dependence upon the independent agency system; and
◦ability to maintain our reputation for customer service;
•dependence upon our relationship with the exchange and the financial condition of the exchange, including:
◦the exchange's ability to maintain acceptable financial strength ratings;
◦factors affecting the quality and liquidity of the exchange's investment portfolio;
◦changes in government regulation of the insurance industry;
◦litigation and regulatory actions;
◦emerging claims and coverage issues in the industry; and
◦severe weather conditions or other catastrophic losses, including terrorism;
•potential impacts of the covid-19 pandemic on the growth and financial condition of the exchange;
•costs of providing policy issuance and renewal services to the exchange under the subscriber's agreement;
•ability to attract and retain talented management and employees;
•ability to ensure system availability and effectively manage technology initiatives;
•difficulties with technology or data security breaches, including cyber attacks;
•ability to maintain uninterrupted business operations;
•outcome of pending and potential litigation;
•potential impacts of the covid-19 pandemic on our operations, the business operations of our customers and/or independent agents, or our third-party vendor operations;
•factors affecting the quality and liquidity of our investment portfolio; and
•our ability to meet liquidity needs and access capital.
a forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which it is made and reflects our analysis only as of that date.  we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events, changes in assumptions, or otherwise.
recent accounting standards see item 8. "financial statements and supplementary data - note 2, significant accounting policies, of notes to financial statements" contained within this report for a discussion of recently adopted accounting standards and the impact on our financial statements.
operating overview overview we are a pennsylvania business corporation that since 1925 has been the managing attorney-in-fact for the subscribers (policyholders) at the exchange, a reciprocal insurer that writes property and casualty insurance. our primary function as attorney-in-fact is to perform policy issuance and renewal services on behalf of the subscribers at the exchange. we also act as attorney-in-fact on behalf of the exchange, as well as the service provider for its insurance subsidiaries, with respect to all administrative services.
the exchange is a reciprocal insurance exchange, which is an unincorporated association of individuals, partnerships and corporations that agree to insure one another. each applicant for insurance to the exchange signs a subscriber's agreement, which contains an appointment of indemnity as their attorney-in-fact to transact the business of the exchange on their behalf.
pursuant to the subscriber's agreement for acting as attorney-in-fact in these two capacities, we earn a management fee. management fee revenue is based upon all direct and affiliated assumed premiums written by the exchange and the management fee rate, which is not to exceed 25%. our board of directors establishes the management fee rate at least annually, generally in december for the following year.  the process of setting the management fee rate includes the evaluation of current year operating results compared to both prior year and industry estimated results for both indemnity and the exchange, and consideration of several factors for both entities including: their relative financial strength and capital position; projected revenue, expense and earnings for the subsequent year; future capital needs; as well as competitive position. the management fee rate was set at 25% for 2020, 2019 and 2018.  our board of directors set the 2021 management fee rate again at 25%, its maximum level.
our earnings are primarily driven by the management fee revenue generated for the services we provide to the exchange.  the policy issuance and renewal services we provide to the exchange are related to the sales, underwriting and issuance of policies. the sales related services we provide include agent compensation and certain sales and advertising support services. agent compensation includes scheduled commissions to agents based upon premiums written as well as additional commissions and bonuses to agents, which are earned by achieving targeted measures. agent compensation comprised approximately 66% of our 2020 policy issuance and renewal expenses. the underwriting services we provide include underwriting and policy processing and comprised approximately 10% of our 2020 policy issuance and renewal expenses. the remaining services we provide include customer service and administrative support. we also provide information technology services that support all the functions listed above that comprised approximately 11% of our 2020 policy issuance and renewal expenses. included in these expenses are allocations of costs for departments that support these policy issuance and renewal functions.
by virtue of its legal structure as a reciprocal insurer, the exchange does not have any employees or officers. therefore, it enters into contractual relationships by and through an attorney-in-fact. indemnity serves as the attorney-in-fact on behalf of the exchange with respect to its administrative services. the exchange's insurance subsidiaries also utilize indemnity for these services in accordance with the service agreements between each of the subsidiaries and indemnity. claims handling services include costs incurred in the claims process, including the adjustment, investigation, defense, recording and payment functions. life insurance management services include costs incurred in the management and processing of life insurance business. investment management services are related to investment trading activity, accounting and all other functions attributable to the investment of funds. included in these expenses are allocations of costs for departments that support these administrative functions. the amounts incurred for these services are reimbursed to indemnity at cost in accordance with the subscriber's agreement and the service agreements. state insurance regulations require that intercompany service agreements and any material amendments be approved in advance by the state insurance department.
our results of operations are tied to the growth and financial condition of the exchange as the exchange is our sole customer, and our earnings are largely generated from management fees based on the direct and affiliated assumed premiums written by the exchange. the exchange generates revenue by insuring preferred and standard risks, with personal lines comprising 71% of the 2020 direct and affiliated assumed written premiums and commercial lines comprising the remaining 29%.  the principal personal lines products are private passenger automobile and homeowners.  the principal commercial lines products are commercial multi-peril, commercial automobile and workers compensation.
we generate investment income from our fixed maturity and equity security portfolios. our portfolio is managed with the objective of maximizing after-tax returns on a risk-adjusted basis. we actively evaluate the portfolios for securities in an unrealized loss position and record impairment write-downs on investments in instances where we have the intent to sell or it's more likely than not that we would be required to sell the security. impairments resulting from a credit loss are recognized in earnings with a corresponding allowance on the balance sheet.
coronavirus ("covid-19") pandemic on march 11, 2020, the outbreak of the coronavirus ("covid-19") was declared a global pandemic. the significant volatility in the financial markets, economic disruption and uncertainty resulting from the covid-19 pandemic that began in the first quarter of 2020 continues to evolve and the pandemic's ultimate impact and duration remain highly uncertain at this time.
the impact the covid-19 pandemic has on the premiums written by the exchange, our sole customer, affects our management fee revenue. while the exchange experienced declines in new business premiums in the first half of 2020 due to business disruptions and recessionary conditions, new business premiums grew 10.8% in the second half of 2020 compared to the same period in 2019, primarily driven by growth in the personal auto and homeowners lines of business. the uncertainty of the ongoing impacts of the covid-19 pandemic will likely continue in 2021 and may continue until such time as the spread of the virus is contained. in response to reduced driving conditions resulting from the covid-19 pandemic, the exchange implemented $200 million in personal and commercial auto rate reductions, which became effective in the third quarter of 2020, resulting in a decrease of approximately $90 million in the exchange written premiums and a corresponding decrease of approximately $22 million in our management fee revenue in 2020. the remainder of the rate reductions will impact the exchange's written premiums and our corresponding management fee revenue in 2021. there may also be other market and/or regulatory pressures that could impact the exchange's operations. in 2020, within our cost of operations, we incurred increased agent incentive costs as lower claim frequency resulted in improved agent profitability. we also incurred additional technology costs in support of remote working conditions for our employees. these expenses, among others, could continue to persist as the full extent and duration of the pandemic's impacts remain uncertain. while the financial market volatility created by the covid-19 pandemic had a negative impact on our investment portfolio in the first quarter of 2020, markets substantially recovered through the remainder of the year, resulting in overall realized and unrealized gains in 2020. we could experience future losses and/or impairments to the portfolio given the pandemic's impact on market conditions. we have provided additional disclosure of these impacted areas throughout our management's discussion and analysis that follows. a broader discussion of the potential future impacts has also been disclosed in the financial condition, liquidity and capital resources, and part i, item 1a. "risk factors" related to covid-19 contained within this report.
we have a dedicated internal committee comprised of management from various finance disciplines reviewing our risk positions and emerging trends on an ongoing basis as circumstances are evolving. the committee is reviewing risk scenarios and performing stress tests, including the review of cash flow trends, liquidity requirements and other forms of risk quantification. this provides tools for management, as well as our risk committee of the board of directors, to assess risks and prioritize key issues.
while we were not required to close our physical locations under the state mandated closure of nonessential services, out of concern for the health and safety of our employees, over 90% of our workforce has been working remote since march 2020. we have had no significant interruption to our core business processes or systems to date. we have had no significant changes to our financial close or reporting processes or related internal controls, nor do we anticipate any significant future challenges at this time. we have a dedicated team developing a return to the office plan that will be implemented when it becomes feasible and safe.
financial overview years ended december 31,
(dollars in thousands, except per share data)                            2020                             % change                      2019                             % change   2018
operating income                                                  $338,157                   (5.4)       %                       $357,339                     3.8               %               $344,343
total investment income                                             32,867                  (17.8)                                 39,967                    54.9                                 25,796
interest expense, net                                                  731                  (14.7)                                    856                  (65.2)                                  2,460
other (expense) income                                             (1,778)                          nm                                255                  (93.0)                                  3,641
income before income taxes                                         368,515                   (7.1)                                396,705                     6.8                                371,320
income tax expense                                                  75,211                   (5.8)                                 79,884                   (3.9)                                 83,096
net income                                                        $293,304                   (7.4)       %                       $316,821                     9.9               %               $288,224
net income per share - diluted                                       $5.61                   (7.4)       %                          $6.06                     9.9               %                  $5.51
nm = not meaningful operating income decreased in 2020 compared to 2019 as growth in operating expenses outpaced the growth in operating revenues. management fee revenue is based upon the management fee rate we charge and the direct and affiliated assumed premiums written by the exchange.  the management fee rate was 25% for 2020, 2019, and 2018.  the direct and affiliated assumed premiums written by the exchange increased 1.7% to $7.6 billion in 2020 and 5.2% to $7.5 billion in 2019.
cost of operations for policy issuance and renewal services increased 3.3% to $1.6 billion in 2020 primarily due to higher commissions driven by direct and affiliated assumed written premium growth, higher agent incentive compensation driven by lower automobile claims frequency experienced by the exchange, and higher personnel costs. cost of operations for policy issuance and renewal services increased 5.5% to $1.5 billion in 2019 driven primarily by higher commissions and higher investments in information technology, partially offset by lower agent and employee incentive costs related to less profitable growth on the property and casualty insurance business of the exchange.
management fee revenue for administrative services increased 4.0% to $59.5 million in 2020 compared to 6.7% to $57.2 million in 2019. the administrative services reimbursement revenue and corresponding cost of operations increased both total operating revenue and total operating expenses to $609.4 million in 2020 and $582.0 million in 2019, but had no net impact on operating income.
total investment income decreased $7.1 million in 2020 primarily driven by higher impairments and lower net investment income reflecting lower interest rates due to market volatility caused by the covid-19 pandemic. total investment income increased $14.2 million in 2019 primarily driven by net realized investment gains and higher net investment income.
income tax expense was $75.2 million in 2020 compared to $79.9 million in 2019. income tax expense was reduced in 2019 by $4.0 million as a result of settling an uncertain tax position, which decreased our effective tax rate by 1.0%.
general conditions and trends affecting our business economic conditions unfavorable changes in economic conditions, including declining consumer confidence, inflation, high unemployment, and the threat of recession, among others, may lead the exchange's customers to modify coverage, not renew policies, or even cancel policies, which could adversely affect the premium revenue of the exchange, and consequently our management fee.  the extent to which economic conditions could impact the exchange's operations and our management fee was exacerbated with the covid-19 pandemic. the extent and duration of the impacts to economic conditions remain uncertain as the pandemic continues to evolve. see financial condition, liquidity and capital resources, and part i, item 1a. "risk factors" contained within this report for a discussion of the potential impacts of the covid-19 pandemic on our operations.
financial market volatility our portfolio of fixed maturity and equity security investments is subject to market volatility especially in periods of instability in the worldwide financial markets. over time, net investment income could also be impacted by volatility and by the general level of interest rates, which impact reinvested cash flow from the portfolio and business operations. depending upon market conditions, which are unpredictable and remain uncertain, considerable fluctuation could exist in the fair value of our investment portfolio and reported total investment income, which could have an adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. significant volatility has been seen in the global financial markets since the outbreak of the covid-19 pandemic. the extent of the impact on our invested assets cannot be estimated with a high degree of certainty at this time given the ongoing developments of this pandemic and the related impacts on the financial markets.
critical accounting estimates the financial statements include amounts based upon estimates and assumptions that have a significant effect on reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period and related disclosures. we consider an accounting estimate to be critical if 1) it requires assumptions to be made that were uncertain at the time the estimate was made, and 2) different estimates that could have been used, or changes in the estimate that are likely to occur from period-to-period, could have a material impact on our statements of operations or financial position.
the following presents a discussion of those accounting policies surrounding estimates that we believe are the most critical to our reported amounts and require the most subjective and complex judgment. if actual events differ significantly from the underlying assumptions, there could be material adjustments to prior estimates that could potentially adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. the estimates and the estimating methods used are reviewed continually, and any adjustments considered necessary are reflected in current earnings.
investment valuation available-for-sale securities we make estimates concerning the valuation of all investments. valuation techniques are used to derive the fair value of the available-for-sale securities we hold. fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset in an orderly transaction between willing market participants at the measurement date.
fair value measurements are based upon observable and unobservable inputs. observable inputs reflect market data obtained from independent sources, while unobservable inputs reflect our view of market assumptions in the absence of observable market information. we utilize valuation techniques that maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs.
for purposes of determining whether the market is active or inactive, the classification of a financial instrument is based upon the following definitions:
•an active market is one in which transactions for the assets being valued occur with sufficient frequency and volume to provide reliable pricing information.
•an inactive (illiquid) market is one in which there are few and infrequent transactions, where the prices are not current, price quotations vary substantially, and/or there is little information publicly available for the asset being valued.
we continually assess whether or not an active market exists for all of our investments and as of each reporting date re-evaluate the classification in the fair value hierarchy. all assets carried at fair value are classified and disclosed in one of the following three categories:
•level 1 - quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the reporting entity can access at the measurement date.
•level 2 - inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly.
•level 3 - unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.
level 1 reflects market data obtained from independent sources, such as prices obtained from an exchange or a nationally recognized pricing service for identical instruments in active markets and primarily includes preferred stock.
level 2 includes those financial instruments that are valued using industry-standard models that consider various inputs, such as the interest rate and credit spread for the underlying financial instruments. all significant inputs are observable, or derived from observable information in the marketplace, or are supported by observable levels at which transactions are executed in the marketplace. financial instruments in this category primarily include corporate bonds, structured securities and preferred stock.
level 3 securities are valued based upon unobservable inputs, reflecting our estimates of value based upon assumptions used by market participants. securities are also assigned to level 3 in cases where non-binding broker quotes are significant to the valuation and there is a lack of transparency as to whether these quotes are based upon information that is observable in the marketplace. fair value estimates for securities valued using unobservable inputs require significant judgment due to the illiquid nature of the market for these securities and represent the best estimate of the fair value that would occur in an orderly transaction between willing market participants at the measurement date under current market conditions. fair value for these securities is generally valued using an estimate of fair value based upon indicative market prices that include significant unobservable inputs not based upon, nor corroborated by, market information, including the utilization of discounted cash flow analyses which have been risk-adjusted to take into account illiquidity and other market factors. this category primarily consists of structured securities and corporate bonds.
as of each reporting period, financial instruments recorded at fair value are classified based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. the presence of at least one unobservable input that has significant impact to the fair value measurement would result in classification as a level 3 instrument. our assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement requires judgment, and considers factors specific to the asset, such as the relative impact on the fair value as a result of including a particular input and market conditions. we did not make any other significant judgments except as described above.
estimates of fair values for our investment portfolio are obtained primarily from a nationally recognized pricing service. our level 1 securities are valued using an exchange traded price provided by the pricing service. pricing service valuations for level 2 securities include multiple verifiable, observable inputs including benchmark yields, reported trades, broker/dealer quotes, issuer spreads, two-sided markets, benchmark securities, bids, offers, and reference data. pricing service valuations for level 3 securities are based upon proprietary models and are used when observable inputs are not available or in illiquid markets.
although virtually all of our prices are obtained from third party sources, we also perform internal pricing reviews, including evaluating the methodology and inputs used to ensure that we determine the proper classification level of the financial instrument and reviewing securities with price changes that vary significantly from current market conditions or independent price sources. price variances are investigated and corroborated by market data and transaction volumes. we have reviewed the pricing methodologies of our pricing service as well as other observable inputs and believe that the prices adequately consider market activity in determining fair value.
in limited circumstances we adjust the price received from the pricing service when, in our judgment, a better reflection of fair value is available based upon corroborating information and our knowledge and monitoring of market conditions such as a disparity in price of comparable securities and/or non-binding broker quotes. in other circumstances, certain securities are internally priced because prices are not provided by the pricing service.
when a price from the pricing service is not available, values are determined by obtaining broker/dealer quotes and/or market comparables. when available, we obtain multiple quotes for the same security. the ultimate value for these securities is determined based upon our best estimate of fair value using corroborating market information. as of december 31, 2020, nearly all of our available-for-sale and equity securities were priced using a third party pricing service.
impairments available-for-sale securities in an unrealized loss position are evaluated to determine whether the impairment is a result of credit loss or other factors. if we have the intent to sell or it's more likely than not that we would be required to sell the security before recovery of the amortized cost basis, the entire impairment is recognized in earnings. securities that have experienced a decline in fair value that we do not intend to sell, and that we will not be required to sell before recovery, are evaluated to determine if the decline in fair value is credit related. impairment resulting from a credit loss is recognized in earnings with a corresponding allowance on the balance sheet. future recoveries of credit loss result in an adjustment to the allowance and earnings in the period the credit conditions improve. factors considered in the evaluation of credit loss include the extent to which fair value is less than cost and fundamental factors specific to the issuer such as financial condition, changes in credit ratings, near and long-term business prospects and other factors, as well as the likelihood of recovery of the amortized cost of the security. if the qualitative review indicates credit impairment, the allowance for credit loss is measured as the amount that the security's amortized cost exceeds the present value of cash flows expected to be collected and is limited to the amount that fair value is below amortized cost.
retirement benefit plans for employees our pension plans consist of a noncontributory defined benefit pension plan covering substantially all employees and an unfunded supplemental employee retirement plan ("serp") for certain members of executive and senior management. although we are the sponsor of these postretirement plans and record the funded status of these plans, the exchange and its subsidiaries reimburse us for approximately 59% of the annual benefit expense of these plans, which includes pension benefits for employees performing administrative services and the exchange's allocated share of costs for employees in departments that support the administrative functions.
our pension obligation is developed from actuarial estimates.  several statistical and other factors, which attempt to anticipate future events, are used in calculating the expense and liability related to the plans.  key factors include assumptions about the discount rates and expected rates of return on plan assets.  we review these assumptions annually and modify them considering historical experience, current market conditions, including changes in investment returns and interest rates, and expected future trends.
accumulated and projected benefit obligations are expressed as the present value of future cash payments.  we discount those cash payments based upon a yield curve developed from corporate bond yield information with maturities that correspond to the payment of benefits.  lower discount rates increase present values and subsequent year pension expense, while higher discount rates decrease present values and subsequent year pension expense.  the construction of the yield curve is based upon yields of corporate bonds rated aa or equivalent quality.  target yields are developed from bonds at various maturity points and a curve is fitted to those targets.  spot rates (zero coupon bond yields) are developed from the yield curve and used to discount benefit payment amounts associated with each future year.  the present value of plan benefits is calculated by applying the spot/discount rates to projected benefit cash flows.  a single discount rate is then developed to produce the same present value. the cash flows from the yield curve were matched against our projected benefit payments in the pension plan, which have a duration of about 19 years.  this yield curve supported the selection of a 2.96% discount rate for the projected benefit obligation at december 31, 2020 and for the 2021 pension expense.  the same methodology was used to develop the 3.59% and 4.47% discount rates used to determine the projected benefit obligation for 2019 and 2018, respectively, and the pension expense for 2020 and 2019, respectively. a 25 basis point decrease in the discount rate assumption, with other assumptions held constant, would increase pension cost in the following year by $6.8 million, of which our share would be approximately $2.8 million, and would increase the pension benefit obligation by $61.6 million.
unrecognized actuarial gains and losses arise from several factors, including experience and assumption changes in the obligations and from the difference between expected returns and actual returns on plan assets.  these unrecognized gains and losses are recorded in the pension plan obligation and accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). these amounts are systematically recognized to net periodic pension expense in future periods, with gains decreasing and losses increasing future pension expense. if actuarial net gains or losses exceed 5% of the greater of the projected benefit obligation and the market-related value of plan assets, the excess is recognized through the net periodic pension expense equally over the estimated service period of the employee group, which is currently 14 years.
the expected long-term rate of return for the pension plan represents the average rate of return to be earned on plan assets over the period the benefits included in the benefit obligation are to be paid.  to determine the expected long-term rate of return assumption, we utilized models based upon rigorous historical analysis and forward-looking views of the financial markets based upon key factors such as historical returns for the asset class' applicable indices, the correlations of the asset classes under various market conditions and consensus views on future real economic growth and inflation.  the expected future return for each asset class is then combined by considering correlations between asset classes and the volatilities of each asset class to produce a reasonable range of asset return results within which our expected long-term rate of return assumption falls.  the expected long-term rate of return is less susceptible to annual revisions, as there are typically no significant changes in the asset mix.  based on the current asset allocation and a review of the key factors and expectations of future asset performance, we reduced the expected return on asset assumption from 6.00% to 5.50% for 2021. a change of 25 basis points in the expected long-term rate of return assumption, with other assumptions held constant, would have an estimated $2.3 million impact on net pension benefit cost in the following year, of which our share would be approximately $0.9 million.
we use a four-year averaging method to determine the market-related value of plan assets, which is used to determine the expected return component of pension expense.  under this methodology, asset gains or losses that result from returns that differ from our long-term rate of return assumption are recognized in the market-related value of assets on a level basis over a four-year period.  the market-related asset experience during 2020 that related to the actual investment return being different from that assumed during the prior year was a gain of $146.3 million. recognition of this gain will be deferred and recognized over a four-year period, consistent with the market-related asset value methodology. once factored into the market-related asset value, these experience gains and losses will be amortized over a period of 14 years, which is the remaining service period of the employee group.
estimates of fair values of the pension plan assets are obtained primarily from the trustee and custodian of our pension plan.  our level 1 category includes a money market mutual fund and a separate account for which the fair value is determined using an exchange traded price provided by the trustee and custodian.  our level 2 category includes commingled pools.  estimates of fair values for securities held by our commingled pools are obtained primarily from the trustee and custodian.  trustee and custodian valuation methodologies for level 2 securities include multiple verifiable, observable inputs including benchmark yields, reported trades, broker/dealer quotes, issuers spreads, two-sided markets, benchmark securities, bids, offers, and reference data. there were no level 3 investments in 2020 or 2019.
we expect our net pension benefit costs to increase from $45.1 million in 2020 to $56.6 million in 2021 primarily driven by the decrease in the discount rate. our share of the net pension benefit costs after reimbursements was $18.5 million in 2020. we expect our share of the net pension benefit costs to be approximately $23.2 million in 2021.
the actuarial assumptions we used in determining our pension obligation may differ materially from actual results due to changing market and economic conditions, higher or lower withdrawal rates, or longer or shorter life spans of participants.  while we believe that the assumptions used are appropriate, differences in actual experience or changes in assumptions may materially affect our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. see item 8. "financial statements and supplementary data - note 10, postretirement benefits, of notes to financial statements" contained within this report for additional details on the pension plans.
results of operations management fee revenue we have two performance obligations in the subscriber's agreement, providing policy issuance and renewal services and acting as attorney-in-fact for the exchange, as well as the service provider for its insurance subsidiaries, with respect to all administrative services. we earn management fees for acting as the attorney-in-fact for the subscribers at the exchange in these two capacities. our revenues are allocated between the two performance obligations.
management fee rate the management fee is calculated by multiplying all direct and affiliated assumed premiums written by the exchange by the management fee rate, which is determined by our board of directors at least annually.  the management fee rate was set at 25%, the maximum rate, for 2020, 2019 and 2018.  changes in the management fee rate can affect our revenue and net income significantly. the transaction price for management fee revenue and administrative service reimbursement revenue is allocated based on the estimated standalone selling prices developed using industry information and other available information for similar services. we update the transaction price allocation annually based upon the most recent information available or more frequently if there have been significant changes in any components considered in the transaction price. in 2020, we reviewed the transaction price allocation quarterly to consider the most current economic conditions related to the covid-19 pandemic. the reviews resulted in no material change to the allocation.
the following table presents the allocation and disaggregation of revenue for our two performance obligations:
years ended december 31,
(dollars in thousands)                                                                                 2020                             % change                         2019                         % change                         2018
policy issuance and renewal services direct and affiliated assumed premiums written by the exchange                               $7,613,519                      1.7               %               $7,486,030                  5.2               %               $7,112,846
management fee rate                                                                                24.2   %                                                          24.2   %                                                      24.2   %
management fee revenue                                                                        1,842,472                      1.7                                1,811,619                  5.2                                1,721,309
change in allowance for management fee returned on cancelled policies (1)                         (678)                     41.7                                  (1,162)                 33.3                                  (1,742)
management fee revenue - policy issuance and renewal services, net                           $1,841,794                      1.7               %               $1,810,457                  5.3               %               $1,719,567
administrative services direct and affiliated assumed premiums written by the exchange                               $7,613,519                      1.7               %               $7,486,030                  5.2               %               $7,112,846
management fee rate                                                                                 0.8   %                                                           0.8   %                                                       0.8   %
management fee revenue                                                                           60,908                      1.7                                   59,888                  5.2                                   56,903
change in contract liability (2)                                                                (1,376)                     47.8                                  (2,633)                 17.9                                  (3,209)
change in allowance for management fee returned on cancelled policies (1)                          (69)                   (34.6)                                     (51)                 17.0                                     (62)
management fee revenue - administrative services, net                                            59,463                      4.0                                   57,204                  6.7                                   53,632
administrative services reimbursement revenue                                                   609,435                      4.7                                  582,010                  0.3                                  580,336
total revenue from administrative services                                                     $668,898                      4.6               %                 $639,214                  0.8               %                 $633,968
(1)    management fees are returned to the exchange when policies are cancelled mid-term and unearned premiums are refunded.  we record an estimated allowance for management fees returned on mid-term policy cancellations. this estimated allowance has been allocated between the two performance obligations consistent with the revenue allocation proportion. the potential for a greater number of mid-term cancellations as a result of the covid-19 pandemic was taken into consideration in the determination of this allowance in 2020.
(2)    management fee revenue - administrative services is recognized over time as the services are performed. see item 8. "financial statements - note 3, revenue, of notes to financial statements" contained within this report.
direct and affiliated assumed premiums written by the exchange direct and affiliated assumed premiums include premiums written directly by the exchange and premiums assumed from its wholly owned property and casualty subsidiaries. direct and affiliated assumed premiums written by the exchange increased 1.7% to $7.6 billion in 2020, from $7.5 billion in 2019, driven by an increase in policies in force.  year-over-year policies in force for all lines of business increased 2.1% in 2020 as the result of continuing strong policyholder retention, compared to 1.8% in 2019.  the year-over-year average premium per policy for all lines of business decreased 0.4% at december 31, 2020, compared to an increase of 3.2% at december 31, 2019. the year-over-year average premium per policy at december 31, 2020 was impacted by the rate reductions for personal and commercial auto policies as a result of the covid-19 pandemic.
premiums generated from new business decreased 1.2% to $852 million in 2020. while new business policies written increased 5.0 % in 2020, year-over-year average premium per policy on new business decreased 5.9% at december 31, 2020, driven by the personal and commercial auto rate reductions which took effect in the third quarter of 2020. premiums generated from new business decreased 2.6% to $863 million in 2019. while year-over-year average premium per policy on new business increased 5.1% at december 31, 2019, new business policies written decreased 7.4% in 2019.
premiums generated from renewal business increased 2.1% to $6.8 billion in 2020, compared to 6.4%, or $6.6 billion, in 2019.  underlying the trend in renewal business premiums were increases in average premium per policy and steady policy retention ratios. the renewal business year-over-year average premium per policy increased 0.4% at december 31, 2020, compared to 2.9% at december 31, 2019.
the exchange implements rate changes in order to meet loss cost expectations. as the exchange writes policies with annual terms only, rate actions take 12 months to be fully recognized in written premium and 24 months to be recognized in earned premiums. since rate changes are realized at renewal, it takes 12 months to implement a rate change to all policyholders and another 12 months to earn the increased or decreased premiums in full. as a result, certain rate changes approved in 2019 were reflected in 2020, and a portion of the rate actions in 2020, primarily those in response to reduced driving conditions resulting from the covid-19 pandemic, will be reflected in 2021. the exchange continuously evaluates pricing and product offerings to meet consumer demands.
personal lines - total personal lines premiums written increased 1.3% to $5.4 billion in 2020, from $5.3 billion in 2019, driven by an increase in total personal lines policies in force of 2.2%. while the impacts of the covid-19 pandemic, including changes in consumer behavior and driving patterns, among others, significantly reduced new personal policies written in the second quarter of 2020, new personal policies written increased 20.7% in the second half of 2020, compared to the same period last year. total personal lines year-over-year average premium per policy decreased 0.8% at december 31, 2020, compared to the prior year, driven by personal auto rate reductions. total personal lines policies in force increased 1.8% in 2019 and year-over-year average premium per policy increased 2.9% at december 31, 2019.
commercial lines - total commercial lines premiums written increased 2.6% to $2.2 billion in 2020, compared to 2019, driven by a 1.6% increase in total commercial lines policies in force and a 0.9% increase in the total commercial lines year-over-year average premium per policy. while there was a significant reduction in new commercial policies written in the second quarter of 2020 as a result of the business disruptions and unfavorable economic conditions related to the covid-19 pandemic, new commercial policies written increased 2.4% in the second half of 2020 compared to the same period last year. the second half of 2020 activity was primarily driven by an increase in commercial auto policies written which was partially offset by a decrease in workers compensation policies written. total commercial lines premiums written increased 6.1% in 2019, compared to 2018, driven by a 2.4% increase in total commercial lines policies in force and a 3.6% increase in the total commercial lines year-over-year average premium per policy.
future trends-premium revenue - through a careful agency selection process, the exchange plans to continue its effort to expand the size of its agency force to increase market penetration in existing operating territories to contribute to future growth. while our agents initially experienced business declines resulting from disruptions created by the covid-19 pandemic, there have been no significant disruptions in their operations. the continued impacts of the covid-19 pandemic could make it difficult for our independent agents to write new business and retain existing business and/or constrain our ability to recruit new agents.
changes in premium levels attributable to the growth in policies in force directly affect the profitability of the exchange and have a direct bearing on our management fee. our continued focus on underwriting discipline and the maturing of pricing sophistication models have contributed to the exchange's steady policy retention ratios. the continued growth of its policy base is dependent upon the exchange's ability to retain existing and attract new subscribers/policyholders. a lack of new policy growth or the inability to retain existing customers could have an adverse effect on the exchange's premium level growth, and consequently our management fee.
changes in premium levels attributable to rate changes also directly affect the profitability of the exchange and have a direct bearing on our management fee. pricing actions contemplated or taken by the exchange are subject to various regulatory requirements of the states in which it operates. the pricing actions already implemented, or to be implemented, have an effect on the market competitiveness of the exchange's insurance products. such pricing actions, and those of the exchange's competitors, could affect the ability of the exchange's agents to retain and attract new business; additionally, exposure reductions and/or changes in mix of business as a result of economic conditions could impact the average premium written and affiliated assumed by the exchange, as customers may reduce coverages.
the covid-19 pandemic may have a negative impact on the exchange's premiums, and therefore our management fees, given recessionary economic conditions and related declines in consumer activity and demand for certain services, as well as the potential for sustained changes in driving patterns. the remaining rate reductions implemented for personal and commercial auto policies in response to the covid-19 pandemic are estimated to decrease premiums by $110 million with a corresponding decrease of $28 million in management fee revenue in 2021. future premiums could also be impacted by potential regulatory changes resulting from the covid-19 pandemic.
the extent of the impact to the exchange's premiums and our management fee cannot be estimated with a high degree of certainty at this time given the ongoing developments related to this pandemic. see also part i, item 1a. "risk factors" contained within this report.
policy issuance and renewal services years ended december 31,
(dollars in thousands)                                                     2020                                                % change   2019                                                % change   2018
management fee revenue - policy issuance and renewal services, net                     $1,841,794                   1.7               %               $1,810,457                   5.3               %               $1,719,567
service agreement revenue                                                                  25,797                 (6.6)                                   27,627                 (3.7)                                   28,677
1,867,591                   1.6                                1,838,084                   5.1                                1,748,244
cost of policy issuance and renewal services                                            1,588,897                   3.3                                1,537,949                   5.5                                1,457,533
operating income - policy issuance and renewal services                                  $278,694                 (7.1)               %                 $300,135                   3.2               %                 $290,711
policy issuance and renewal services we allocate a portion of the management fee, which currently equates to 24.2% of the direct and affiliated assumed premiums written by the exchange, for providing policy issuance and renewal services. this portion of the management fee is recognized as revenue when the policy is issued or renewed because it is at that time that the services we provide are substantially complete and the executed insurance policy is transferred to the customer. the increase in management fee revenue for policy issuance and renewal services was driven by the increase in the direct and affiliated assumed premiums written by the exchange discussed previously.
service agreement revenue service agreement revenue includes service charges we collect from subscribers/policyholders for providing extended payment terms on policies written and affiliated assumed by the exchange, and late payment and policy reinstatement fees.  the service charges are fixed dollar amounts per billed installment.  the decrease in service agreement revenue reflects the continued shift to payment plans that do not incur service charges or offer a premium discount for certain payment methods.
cost of policy issuance and renewal services years ended december 31,
(dollars in thousands)                                   2020                                              % change   2019                                                % change   2018
commissions:
total commissions                                                    $1,051,272                 2.6               %               $1,024,654                   4.2               %                 $983,758
non-commission expense:
underwriting and policy processing                                     $160,646                 3.7               %                 $154,934                   3.8               %                 $149,234
information technology                                                  173,827                 3.7                                  167,600                  16.0                                  144,495
sales and advertising                                                    53,212                 1.6                                   52,362                 (5.8)                                   55,608
customer service                                                         34,638                 7.1                                   32,353                   9.9                                   29,447
administrative and other                                                115,302                 8.7                                  106,046                  11.6                                   94,991
total non-commission expense                                            537,625                 4.7                                  513,295                   8.3                                  473,775
total cost of policy issuance and renewal services                   $1,588,897                 3.3               %               $1,537,949                   5.5               %               $1,457,533
commissions - commissions increased $26.6 million in 2020 compared to 2019 resulting from higher direct and affiliated assumed premiums written by the exchange and higher agent incentive compensation. the exchange experienced a significant decrease in automobile claims frequency and related loss expense beginning in march 2020 that continued through may 2020 driven by the covid-19 pandemic, which contributed to an increase in the profitability component of the agent incentive bonuses. claims frequency increased in june 2020 and maintained consistent levels through the remainder of 2020. commissions increased $40.9 million in 2019 compared to 2018 resulting from higher direct and affiliated assumed premiums written by the exchange, somewhat offset by lower agent incentive costs related to less profitable growth.
non-commission expense - non-commission expense increased $24.3 million in 2020 compared to 2019. underwriting and policy processing costs increased $5.7 million primarily due to increased personnel costs and underwriting report costs. information technology costs increased $6.2 million primarily due to increased personnel costs and hardware and software costs. administrative and other expenses increased $9.3 million primarily driven by increased personnel costs. increased personnel costs in all categories included higher incentive plan award accruals related to underwriting performance in 2020
compared to targets and higher vacation accruals as employees took less vacation in 2020 as a result of the covid-19 pandemic.
in 2019, non-commission expense increased $39.5 million compared to 2018. underwriting and policy processing costs increased $5.7 million primarily due to increased underwriting report costs and other policy acquisition costs. information technology costs increased $23.1 million primarily due to increased professional fees and hardware and software costs. sales and advertising costs decreased $3.2 million due to decreased personnel costs. customer service costs increased $2.9 million primarily due to increased credit card processing fees and personnel costs. administrative and other expenses increased $11.1 million primarily driven by an increase in the long-term incentive plan costs due to a higher company stock price in 2019 compared to 2018 and several multi-year commitments made to support community development initiatives. personnel costs in all expense categories were impacted by increased medical expenses, somewhat offset by lower estimated costs for incentive plans related to sales and underwriting performance in 2019 compared to targets.
administrative services years ended december 31,
(dollars in thousands)                                      2020                                          % change   2019                                            % change   2018
management fee revenue - administrative services, net                  $59,463                 4.0               %              $57,204                   6.7               %              $53,632
administrative services reimbursement revenue                          609,435                 4.7                              582,010                   0.3                              580,336
total revenue allocated to administrative services                     668,898                 4.6                              639,214                   0.8                              633,968
administrative services expenses claims handling services                                               525,072                 3.7                              506,491                   0.1                              505,843
investment management services                                          36,835                 9.5                               33,640                   4.9                               32,065
life management services                                                47,528                13.5                               41,879                 (1.3)                               42,428
operating income - administrative services                             $59,463                 4.0               %              $57,204                   6.7               %              $53,632
administrative services we allocate a portion of the management fee, which currently equates to 0.8% of the direct and affiliated assumed premiums written by the exchange, to the administrative services. this portion of the management fee is recognized as revenue over a four-year period representing the time over which the services are provided. we also report reimbursed costs as revenues, which are recognized monthly as services are provided.
cost of administrative services by virtue of its legal structure as a reciprocal insurer, the exchange does not have any employees or officers. therefore, it enters into contractual relationships by and through an attorney-in-fact. indemnity serves as the attorney-in-fact on behalf of the exchange with respect to its administrative services in accordance with the subscriber's agreement. the exchange's insurance subsidiaries also utilize indemnity for these services in accordance with the service agreements between each of the subsidiaries and indemnity. the amounts incurred for these services are reimbursed to indemnity at cost in accordance with the subscriber's agreement and the service agreements.  we record these reimbursements due from the exchange and its insurance subsidiaries as a receivable.
total investment income a summary of the results of our investment operations is as follows for the years ended december 31:
(dollars in thousands)                             2020                                              % change   2019                                          % change   2018
net investment income                                         $29,753                  (12.6)               %              $34,059                15.9       %                      $29,387
net realized investment gains (losses)                          6,392                     4.7                                6,103                      nm                          (2,010)
net impairment losses recognized in earnings                  (3,278)                          nm                            (195)                      nm                          (1,581)
total investment income                                       $32,867                  (17.8)               %              $39,967                54.9       %                      $25,796
nm = not meaningful net investment income net investment income primarily includes interest and dividends on our fixed maturity and equity security portfolios, net of investment expenses. net investment income decreased by $4.3 million in 2020, compared to 2019, primarily due to decreased income from cash and cash equivalents driven by lower rates and invested balances, somewhat offset by increased preferred stock income resulting from higher invested balances. net investment income increased by $4.7 million in 2019, compared to 2018, primarily due to an increase in cash and cash equivalent and agent loan interest income reflecting higher invested balances and rates, somewhat offset by decreased income on fixed maturities due to lower invested balances and yields.
net realized investment gains (losses)
a breakdown of our net realized investment gains (losses) is as follows for the years ended december 31:
(in thousands)                                                2020                    2019                      2018
securities sold:
available-for-sale securities                            $1,335                  $4,619                  $(1,297)
equity securities                                         (713)                     (1)                     (111)
equity securities change in fair value                    5,769                   1,485                     (708)
miscellaneous                                                 1                       -                       106
net realized investment gains (losses)                   $6,392                  $6,103                  $(2,010)
net realized gains of $6.4 million in 2020 were primarily due market value adjustments on equity securities and from the sale of available-for-sale securities. net realized gains of $6.1 million in 2019 were primarily due to gains from sales of available-for-sale securities and increases in fair value of equity securities, while losses of $2.0 million in 2018 were due to losses from sales of available-for-sale and equity securities and decreases in fair value of equity securities.
net impairment losses recognized in earnings net impairment losses recognized on available-for-sale securities in 2020 include $2.3 million of securities in an unrealized loss position where we had intent to sell prior to recovery of our amortized cost basis and $0.7 million of credit impairment losses. the remaining impairments include the change in the current expected credit loss allowance related to our agent loans. the covid-19 pandemic's impact on financial markets contributed to higher impairment losses on our available-for-sale securities during 2020 compared to prior years. net impairment losses recognized in 2019 and 2018 included securities in an unrealized loss position that we intended to sell prior to expected recovery of our amortized cost basis as well as securities in an unrealized loss position where we determined the loss was other-than-temporary based on credit factors.
financial condition of erie insurance exchange serving in the capacity of attorney-in-fact for the exchange, we are dependent on the growth and financial condition of the exchange, who is our sole customer. the strength of the exchange and its wholly owned subsidiaries is rated annually by a.m. best company through assessing its financial stability and ability to pay claims. the ratings are generally based upon factors relevant to policyholders and are not directed toward return to investors. the exchange and each of its property and casualty subsidiaries are rated a+ "superior", the second highest financial strength rating, which is assigned to companies that have achieved superior overall performance when compared to the standards established by a.m. best and have a superior ability to meet obligations to policyholders over the long term. on july 8, 2020, the outlook for the financial strength rating was affirmed as stable. as of december 31, 2020, only approximately 12% of insurance groups, in which the exchange is included, are rated a+ or higher.
the financial statements of the exchange are prepared in accordance with statutory accounting principles prescribed by the commonwealth of pennsylvania. financial statements prepared under statutory accounting principles focus on the solvency of the insurer and generally provide a more conservative approach than under u.s. generally accepted accounting principles. statutory direct written premiums of the exchange and its wholly owned property and casualty subsidiaries grew 1.7% to $7.6 billion in 2020 from $7.5 billion in 2019. these premiums, along with investment income, are the major sources of cash that support the operations of the exchange. policyholders' surplus, determined under statutory accounting principles, was $10.7 billion and $9.5 billion at december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. the exchange and its wholly owned property and casualty subsidiaries' year-over-year policy retention ratio continues to be high at 89.9% at december 31, 2020 and 90.0% at december 31, 2019.
we have prepared our financial statements considering the financial strength of the exchange based on its a.m. best rating and strong level of surplus. we are monitoring risks related to the covid-19 pandemic on an ongoing basis and believe that the exchange falls within established risk tolerances. however, see part i, item 1a. "risk factors" for possible outcomes that could impact that determination.
financial condition investments our investment portfolio is managed with the objective of maximizing after-tax returns on a risk-adjusted basis. the following table presents the carrying value of our investments as of december 31:
(dollars in thousands)                             2020                 % to                      2019                 % to total                                          total fixed maturities                            $928,236                  84   %               $730,701                  82   %
equity securities:
preferred stock                               94,071                   9                     64,752                   7
common stock                                      19                   0                      2,381                   0
agent loans (1)                               69,212                   6                     67,696                   8
other investments                             14,325                   1                     28,205                   3
total investments                         $1,105,863                 100   %               $893,735                 100   %
(1)the current portion of agent loans is included with prepaid expenses and other current assets in the statements of financial position.
we continually review our investment portfolio for impairment and determine whether the impairment is a result of credit loss or other factors. we individually analyze all positions with an emphasis on those in a significant unrealized loss position. if we have the intent to sell or it's more likely than not that we would be required to sell the security before recovery of the amortized cost basis, the entire impairment is recognized in earnings. factors considered in the evaluation of credit loss include the extent to which fair value is less than cost and fundamental factors specific to the issuer such as financial condition, changes in credit ratings, near and long-term business prospects and other factors, as well as the likelihood of recovery of the amortized cost of the security. impairment resulting from credit loss is recognized in earnings with a corresponding allowance on the balance sheet. we believe our investment valuation philosophy and accounting practices result in appropriate and timely measurement of fair value and recognition of impairment.
fixed maturities under our investment strategy, we maintain a fixed maturity portfolio that is of high quality and well diversified within each market sector. this investment strategy also achieves a balanced maturity schedule. our fixed maturity portfolio is managed with the goal of achieving reasonable returns while limiting exposure to risk.
fixed maturities are carried at fair value with unrealized gains and losses, net of deferred taxes, included in shareholders' equity. net unrealized gains on fixed maturities, net of deferred taxes, totaled $23.3 million at december 31, 2020, compared to net unrealized gains of $4.5 million at december 31, 2019.
the following table presents a breakdown of the fair value of our fixed maturity portfolio by industry sector and rating as of december 31, 2020: (1)
(in thousands)                                                                                                                                 non-investment              fair aaa                        aa                         a               bbb                         grade             value basic materials                                    $0                         $0                    $3,277           $4,053                     $8,911              $16,241
communications                                      0                      8,932                     8,661           22,451                     18,973               59,017
consumer                                            0                      3,246                    25,221           66,057                     43,391              137,915
diversified                                         0                          0                         0            1,072                        423                1,495
energy                                              0                      7,548                     4,701           18,288                     11,424               41,961
financial                                           0                      1,035                    59,632          117,261                     12,393              190,321
industrial                                          0                          0                    10,220           14,851                     18,465               43,536
structured securities (2)                     146,270                    168,083                    34,018           13,439                          0              361,810
technology                                          0                      5,311                    12,308           18,448                     11,388               47,455
utilities                                           0                          0                     3,945           18,997                      5,543               28,485
total                                        $146,270                   $194,155                  $161,983         $294,917                   $130,911             $928,236
(1)     ratings are supplied by s&p, moody's, and fitch. the table is based upon the lowest rating for each security.
(2)    structured securities include residential and commercial mortgage-backed securities, collateralized debt obligations, and asset-backed securities.
equity securities equity securities consist of nonredeemable preferred and common stock and are carried at fair value in the statements of financial position with all changes in unrealized gains and losses reflected in the statements of operations.
the following table presents an analysis of the fair value of our nonredeemable preferred and common stock securities by sector as of december 31:
(in thousands)                                                               2020                                                       2019
preferred stock                  common                  preferred stock                    common stock                                                      stock communications                             $2,699                         $0                        $1,052                       $2,381
consumer                                    3,068                          0                           508                            0
energy                                      2,187                         19                         1,881                            0
financial services                         76,575                          0                        53,513                            0
industrial                                    800                          0                           980                            0
utilities                                   8,742                          0                         6,818                            0
total                                     $94,071                        $19                       $64,752                       $2,381
shareholders' equity postretirement benefit plans the funded status of our postretirement benefit plans is recognized in the statements of financial position, with a corresponding adjustment to accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax. at december 31, 2020, shareholders' equity amounts related to these postretirement plans increased by $20.0 million, net of tax, of which $10.6 million represents amortization of the prior service cost and net actuarial loss and $9.4 million represents the current period actuarial gain.  the actuarial gain was driven by higher than expected returns on assets which exceeded losses incurred as a result of the lower discount rate in 2020. at december 31, 2019, shareholders' equity amounts related to these postretirement plans increased by $1.7 million, net of tax, of which $4.9 million represents amortization of the prior service cost and net actuarial loss offset by $3.2 million of current period actuarial loss.  the 2019 actuarial loss was primarily due to the change in the discount rate assumption used to measure the future benefit obligations to 3.59% in 2019, from 4.47% in 2018. although we are the sponsor of these postretirement plans and record the funded status of these plans, the exchange and its subsidiaries reimburse us for approximately 59% of the annual benefit expense of these plans, which includes pension benefits for employees performing administrative services and their allocated share of costs for employees in departments that support the administrative functions.
home office expansion in 2016, we entered into a credit agreement for a $100 million senior secured draw term loan credit facility ("credit facility") for the acquisition of real property and construction of an office building that will serve as part of our principal headquarters. on january 1, 2019, the credit facility converted to a fully-amortized term loan with monthly payments of principal and interest at a fixed rate of 4.35% over a period of 28 years. we capitalized applicable interest charges incurred during the construction period of long-term building projects as part of the historical cost of the asset. the building was completed in the fourth quarter of 2020.
liquidity and capital resources while we did not see a significant impact on our sources or uses of cash in 2020 as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, we may experience future reductions in our management fee revenue if the exchange's premium growth is constrained. also, future disruptions in the markets could occur which may affect our liquidity position. accordingly, we continue to monitor the sufficiency of our liquidity and capital resources given the potential impact of the covid-19 pandemic. there is potential that the funding requirements for our costs of operations will increase related to agent compensation and technology costs, among others. if our normal operating and investing cash activities were to become insufficient to meet future funding requirements, we believe we have sufficient access to liquidity through our cash position, liquid marketable securities and our $100 million line of credit that does not expire until october 2023. see broader discussions of potential risks to our operations in the operating overview and part i, item 1a. "risk factors" contained within this report.
sources and uses of cash liquidity is a measure of a company's ability to generate sufficient cash flows to meet the short- and long-term cash requirements of its business operations and growth needs.  our liquidity requirements have been met primarily by funds generated from management fee revenue and income from investments.  cash provided from these sources is used primarily to fund the costs of our management operations including commissions, salaries and wages, pension plans, share repurchases, dividends to shareholders, and the purchase and development of information technology.  we expect that our operating cash needs will be met by funds generated from operations.
volatility in the financial markets presents challenges to us as we do occasionally access our investment portfolio as a source of cash.  some of our fixed income investments, despite being publicly traded, may be illiquid.  volatility in these markets could impair our ability to sell certain of our fixed income securities or cause such securities to sell at deep discounts.  we believe we have sufficient liquidity to meet our needs from sources other than the liquidation of securities, even if market volatility persists throughout 2021 and beyond.
cash flow activities the following table provides condensed cash flow information for the years ended december 31:
(in thousands)                                  2020                        2019                      2018
net cash provided by operating activities                     $342,595                  $364,527                  $263,585
net cash used in investing activities                        (243,225)                 (124,634)                  (81,398)
net cash used in financing activities                        (274,869)                 (169,571)                 (131,491)
net (decrease) increase in cash                             $(175,499)                   $70,322                   $50,696
net cash provided by operating activities was $342.6 million in 2020, compared to $364.5 million in 2019 and $263.6 million in 2018.  decreased cash provided by operating activities in 2020 was primarily due to an increase in cash paid for agent commissions of $33.3 million due to higher scheduled commissions driven by premium growth, increased general operating expenses paid of $17.4 million and increased administrative services expenses paid of $16.2 million. offsetting the decrease in cash provided by operating activities was an increase of $42.5 million in management fee received driven by growth in direct and affiliated assumed premiums written by the exchange, compared to 2019. increased cash provided by operating activities in 2019 was primarily due to an increase of $93.8 million in management fee revenue received driven by growth in direct and affiliated assumed premiums written by the exchange and a decrease in pension contributions and employee benefits paid of $72.8 million, driven by the $80 million accelerated pension contribution in 2018. offsetting the increase in cash provided by operating activities was increased cash paid for agent commissions of $41.8 million due to higher scheduled commissions driven by premium growth, compared to 2018.
net cash used in investing activities totaled $243.2 million in 2020, compared to $124.6 million in 2019 and $81.4 million in 2018. net cash used in investing activities increased in 2020 as purchases of available-for-sale securities exceeded the proceeds generated from investment sales and maturities/calls of available-for-sale securities. fixed asset purchases decreased $46.5 million in 2020 compared to 2019 primarily due to the completion of the new home office building in the fourth quarter of 2020 which was funded primarily by the senior secured draw term loan credit facility. in 2019, we generated more proceeds from investment activity, which were offset by higher purchases of available-for-sale securities and equity securities due to portfolio rebalancing. fixed asset purchases also increased primarily related to the new home office building.
net cash used in financing activities totaled $274.9 million in 2020, compared to $169.6 million in 2019 and $131.5 million in 2018.  the increase in cash used in 2020, compared to 2019, was due to an increase in dividends paid to shareholders. in addition to the normal quarterly dividends paid in 2020, the board also declared a special one-time cash dividend of $2.00 on each class a share and $300 on each class b share totaling $93.1 million, which was paid in december 2020. the increase in cash used in 2019, compared to 2018, was due to an increase in dividends paid to shareholders and principal payments on the senior secured draw term loan credit facility, which commenced january 1, 2019.
no shares of our class a nonvoting common stock were repurchased in 2020, 2019 and 2018 in conjunction with our stock repurchase program. in 2011, our board of directors approved a continuation of the current stock repurchase program for a total of $150 million with no time limitation.  this repurchase authority includes, and is not in addition to, any unspent amounts remaining under the prior authorization.  we had approximately $17.8 million of repurchase authority remaining under this program at december 31, 2020, based upon trade date.
we purchase shares of our outstanding class a nonvoting common stock outside of our publicly announced share repurchase program for certain stock-based incentive plans. we purchased 31,248 shares for $5.8 million in 2020, 15,003 shares for $2.6 million in 2019 and 27,120 shares for $3.2 million in 2018 to settle awards for our equity compensation plan and to fund the rabbi trust for the outside director deferred stock compensation plan and the incentive compensation deferral plan. all shares were delivered in the year they were purchased.
capital outlook we regularly prepare forecasts evaluating the current and future cash requirements for both normal and extreme risk events, including the current covid-19 pandemic.  should an extreme risk event result in a cash requirement exceeding normal cash flows, we have the ability to meet our future funding requirements through various alternatives available to us.
outside of our normal operating and investing cash activities, future funding requirements could be met through: 1) cash and cash equivalents, which total approximately $161.2 million at december 31, 2020, 2) a $100 million bank revolving line of credit, and 3) liquidation of unpledged assets held in our investment portfolio, including preferred and common stock and investment grade bonds which totaled approximately $646.4 million at december 31, 2020.  volatility in the financial markets could impair our ability to sell certain fixed income securities or cause such securities to sell at deep discounts.  additionally, we have the ability to curtail or modify discretionary cash outlays such as those related to shareholder dividends and share repurchase activities.
as of december 31, 2020, we have access to a $100 million bank revolving line of credit with a $25 million letter of credit sublimit that expires on october 30, 2023. as of december 31, 2020, a total of $99.1 million remains available under the facility due to $0.9 million outstanding letters of credit, which reduce the availability for letters of credit to $24.1 million.  we had no borrowings outstanding on our line of credit as of december 31, 2020. investments with a fair value of $124.9 million were pledged as collateral on the line at december 31, 2020. these securities have no trading restrictions and are reported as available-for-sale securities and cash and cash equivalents in the statements of financial position.  the bank requires compliance with certain covenants, which include leverage ratios and debt restrictions.  we were in compliance with our bank covenants at december 31, 2020.
contractual obligations we have certain obligations and commitments to make future payments under various contracts.  as of december 31, 2020, the aggregate obligations were as follows:
payments due by period
(in thousands)                                               total                      2021                    2022-2023                  2024-2025                 2026 and thereafter long-term debt (1)                                    $160,648                     $6,183                   $12,366                    $12,366                         $129,733
home office expansion (2)                               13,556                     13,556                         0                          0                                0
operating leases (3)                                    14,537                     10,817                     3,452                         89                              179
other commitments (4)                                  385,707                    244,638                   125,434                     14,977                              658
gross contractual obligations (5)                      574,448                    275,194                   141,252                     27,432                          130,570
estimated reimbursements from affiliates (6)           114,293                     68,694                    38,891                      6,318                              390
net contractual obligations                           $460,155                   $206,500                  $102,361                    $21,114                         $130,180
(1)     long-term debt amount differs from the balance presented on the statements of financial position as the amount in the table above includes interest and principal payments.
(2)   we agreed to the guaranteed maximum price terms of an agreement with our construction manager for the construction of the office building that will serve as part of our principal headquarters. the building was completed in the fourth quarter of 2020. commitments due in 2021 represent settlement of final construction costs. this project is primarily being funded by the senior secured draw term loan credit facility included in long-term debt in the table above. included in these amounts are obligations for furniture and fixtures and information technology costs for the office building.
(3)   operating leases represent the total commitment for the lease components of our operating lease agreements. non-lease component commitments related to these contracts are included in other commitments. see item 8. "financial statements and supplementary data - note 2, significant accounting policies and note 8, leases, of notes to financial statements" contained within this report.
(4)   other commitments include various agreements for services, including information technology, support, and maintenance obligations, and other obligations in the ordinary course of business. these agreements are enforceable and legally binding and specify fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased and the approximate timing of the transaction. the table above also includes agreements that contain cancellation provisions, some of which may require us to pay a termination fee. the amounts under such contracts are included in the table above as we expect to make future cash payments according to the contract terms.
(5)   the obligation for our unfunded supplemental employee retirement plan (serp) for our executive and senior management is not included in gross contractual obligations.  the accumulated benefit obligation for this plan at december 31, 2020 is $26.5 million. we expect to have sufficient cash flows from operations to meet the future benefit payments as these become due.
(6)   we are reimbursed from the exchange and its subsidiaries for a portion of the costs related to other commitments and operating leases.
our funding policy for our defined benefit pension plan is generally to contribute an amount equal to the greater of the target normal cost for the plan year, or the amount necessary to fund the plan to 100%. historically, this has resulted in an annual pension contribution. in 2018, however, we made accelerated pension contributions totaling $80 million. following our 2018 contribution, we would not expect to make a subsequent contribution until the sum of the target normal costs for plan years beginning on and after december 31, 2017 exceeds $80 million, or earlier if a contribution is necessary to fund the plan to 100%.
off-balance sheet arrangements off-balance sheet arrangements include those with unconsolidated entities that may have a material current or future effect on our financial condition or results of operations, including material variable interests in unconsolidated entities that conduct certain activities.  we have no material off-balance sheet obligations.
enterprise risk management the role of our enterprise risk management ("erm") function is to ensure that all significant risks are clearly identified, understood, proactively managed and consistently monitored to achieve strategic objectives for all stakeholders. our erm program views risk holistically across our entire group of companies. it ensures implementation of risk responses to mitigate potential impacts. see part i, item 1a. "risk factors" contained in this report for a list of risk factors.
our erm process is founded on a governance framework that includes oversight at multiple levels of our organization, including our board of directors and executive management. accountability to identify, manage, and mitigate risk is embedded within all functions and areas of our business. we have defined risk tolerances to monitor and manage significant risks within acceptable levels. in addition to identifying, evaluating, prioritizing, monitoring, and mitigating significant risks, our erm process includes extreme event analyses and scenario testing. given our defined tolerance for risk, risk model output is used to quantify the potential variability of future performance and the sufficiency of capital and liquidity levels.
transactions/agreements with related parties board oversight our board of directors has a broad oversight responsibility over our intercompany relationships with the exchange.  as a consequence, our board of directors may be required to make decisions or take actions that may not be solely in the interest of our shareholders, such as setting the management fee rate paid by the exchange to us and ratifying any other significant activity.
insurance holding company system most states have enacted legislation that regulates insurance holding company systems, defined as two or more affiliated persons, one or more of which is an insurer. the exchange has the following wholly owned property and casualty subsidiaries: erie insurance company, erie insurance company of new york, erie insurance property & casualty company and flagship city insurance company, and a wholly owned life insurance company, erie family life insurance company. indemnity and the exchange, and its wholly owned subsidiaries, meet the definition of an insurance holding company system.
all transactions within a holding company system affecting the member insurers of the holding company system must be fair and reasonable and any charges or fees for services performed must be reasonable.  approval by the applicable insurance commissioner is required prior to the consummation of transactions affecting the members within a holding company system.
intercompany agreements subscriber's and services agreements we serve as attorney-in-fact for the subscribers at the exchange, a reciprocal insurance exchange.  each applicant for insurance to a reciprocal insurance exchange signs a subscriber's agreement that contains an appointment of an attorney-in-fact.  through the designation of attorney-in-fact, we are required to provide policy issuance and renewal services and act as the attorney-in-fact for the exchange with respect to all administrative services, as discussed previously.  pursuant to the subscriber's agreement, we earn a management fee for these services calculated as a percentage of the direct and affiliated assumed premiums written by the exchange. by virtue of its legal structure as a reciprocal insurer, the exchange does not have any employees or officers. therefore, it enters into contractual relationships by and through the attorney-in-fact. the exchange's insurance subsidiaries also utilize indemnity for all administrative services in accordance with the service agreements between each of the subsidiaries and indemnity. the amounts incurred for all administrative services are reimbursed to indemnity at cost in accordance with the subscriber's agreement and the service agreements. these reimbursements are settled on a monthly basis. state insurance regulations require that intercompany service agreements and any material amendments be approved in advance by the state insurance department.
leased property we lease the home office from the exchange. rent is based on rental rates of like property in erie, pennsylvania and all operating expenses including utilities, cleaning, repairs, real estate taxes, and property insurance are the responsibility of the tenant (indemnity). rental costs of shared facilities are allocated based upon usage or square footage occupied. we also had a lease commitment with efl for a field office until 2018.
we previously owned three field offices for which rental costs of shared facilities were allocated based upon usage or square footage occupied. in 2018, we sold the three field offices to the exchange at the current independent appraised value in order to align the ownership interest of these facilities with the functions being performed at these locations, which are claims-related activities.
cost allocation the allocation of costs affects our financial condition and that of the exchange and its wholly owned subsidiaries. management's role is to determine that allocations are consistently made in accordance with the subscriber's agreement with the subscribers at the exchange, intercompany service agreements, and applicable insurance laws and regulations. allocation of costs under these various agreements requires judgment and interpretation, and such allocations are performed using a consistent methodology, which is intended to adhere to the terms and intentions of the underlying agreements.
intercompany receivables we have significant receivables from the exchange and its affiliates that result in a concentration of credit risk. net receivables from the exchange and other affiliates were $494.6 million, or 23.4% of total assets, at december 31, 2020 and $468.6 million, or 23.2% of total assets, at december 31, 2019. these receivables include management fees due for policy issuance and renewal services performed by us under the subscriber's agreement, and certain costs we incur acting as the attorney-in-fact on behalf of the exchange as well as the service provider for its insurance subsidiaries with respect to all administrative services, as discussed previously. these receivables from the exchange and its affiliates are settled monthly. we continually monitor the financial strength of the exchange.
surplus note we previously held a $25 million surplus note issued to us by efl that was payable on demand on or after december 31, 2018. in 2018, efl, with the appropriate approval from the pennsylvania insurance commissioner, satisfied its obligation and repaid the surplus note. efl paid related interest to us of $1.6 million in 2018.
