risk factors and the other information in this form 10-k. the risks that entergy faces are not limited to those in this section. there may be additional risks and uncertainties
(either currently unknown or not currently believed to be material) that could adversely affect entergy's financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. see " forward-looking information ."
utility regulatory risks
(entergy corporation, entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, entergy texas, and system energy)
the impacts of the covid-19 pandemic and responsive measures taken on entergy's and its utility operating companies' business, results of operations, and financial condition are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted.
in december 2019 a novel strain of coronavirus was reported to have surfaced in wuhan, china. since then, covid-19
has spread throughout most countries in the world, including the united states. public health officials in the united states have both recommended and mandated wearing of masks, precautions to mitigate the spread of covid-19, including prohibitions on congregating in heavily-populated areas, mandated closure or limitations on the functions of non-essential business, and shelter-in-place orders or similar measures, including throughout entergy's service areas. while some of these mitigation measures have been lifted, it is unclear how long certain forms of mitigation measures will remain in place, whether they will be reinstated in the future, and how they will ultimately impact the general economy, entergy's customers, and its operations.
entergy and its utility operating companies have experienced a decline in commercial and industrial sales and an increase in arrearages and bad debt expense due to non-payment by customers, and expect such reduced levels of sales and increased arrearages and bad debt expense to continue, the extent and duration of which management cannot predict. the utility operating companies temporarily suspended disconnecting customers for non-payment of bills, and the suspension remains in place at entergy arkansas, has been re-instituted at entergy new orleans, and could be re-instituted at the other utility operating companies should their regulators mandate. while they are working with regulators to ensure ultimate recovery for those and other covid-19 related costs, the amount, method, and timing of such recovery is unknown. entergy and its registrant subsidiaries also could experience, and in some cases have experienced, among other challenges, supply chain, vendor, and contractor disruptions; delays in completion of capital or other construction projects, maintenance, and other operations activities, including prolonged or delayed outages; delays in regulatory proceedings; workforce availability, health or safety issues;
increased storm recovery costs; increased cybersecurity risks as a result of many employees telecommuting;
increased late or uncollectible customer payments; volatility in the credit or capital markets (and any related increased cost of capital or any inability to access the capital markets or draw on available credit facilities);
or other adverse impacts on their ability to execute on business strategies and initiatives.
a sustained or further economic decline could adversely impact entergy's and the utility operating companies'
liquidity and cash flows, including through declining sales, reduced revenues, delays in receipts of customer payments, or increased bad debt expense. the utility operating companies also may experience regulatory outcomes that require them to postpone planned investment and otherwise reduce costs due to the impact of the covid-19
pandemic on their customers. in addition, if the covid-19 pandemic continues to create disruptions or turmoil in the credit or financial markets, or adversely impacts entergy's credit metrics or ratings, such developments could adversely affect its ability to access capital on favorable terms and continue to meet its
286
table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy liquidity needs, or cause a decrease in the value of its defined benefit pension trust funds, as well as its nuclear decommissioning trust funds, all of which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted.
entergy cannot predict the extent or duration of the outbreak, the impact of new variants of covid-19, the timing, availability, distribution or effectiveness of a vaccine, anti-viral or other treatments for covid-19, governmental responsive measures, or the extent of the effects or ultimate impacts on the global, national or local economy, the capital markets, or its customers, suppliers, operations, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows.
the terms and conditions of service, including electric and gas rates, of the utility operating companies and system energy are determined through regulatory approval proceedings that can be lengthy and subject to appeal, potentially resulting in delays in effecting rate changes, lengthy litigation and uncertainty as to ultimate results.
the utility operating companies are regulated on a cost-of-service and rate of return basis and are subject to statutes and regulatory commission rules and procedures. the rates that the utility operating companies and system energy charge reflect their capital expenditures, operations and maintenance costs, allowed rates of return, financing costs, and related costs of service. these rates significantly influence the financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity of entergy and each of the utility operating companies and system energy. these rates are determined in regulatory proceedings and are subject to periodic regulatory review and adjustment, including adjustment upon the initiative of a regulator or affected stakeholders.
in addition, regulators may initiate proceedings to investigate the prudence of costs in the utility operating companies' and system energy's base rates and examine, among other things, the reasonableness or prudence of the companies' operation and maintenance practices, level of expenditures (including storm costs and costs associated with capital projects), allowed rates of return and rate base, proposed resource acquisitions, and previously incurred capital expenditures that the operating companies seek to place in rates. the regulators may disallow costs subject to their jurisdiction found not to have been prudently incurred or found not to have been incurred in compliance with applicable tariffs, creating some risk to the ultimate recovery of those costs. regulatory proceedings relating to rates and other matters typically involve multiple parties seeking to limit or reduce rates. traditional base rate proceedings, as opposed to formula rate plans, generally have long timelines, are primarily based on historical costs, and may or may not be limited in scope or duration by statute. the length of these base rate proceedings can cause the utility operating companies and system energy to experience regulatory lag in recovering costs through rates, such that the utility operating companies may not fully recover all costs during the rate effective period and the utility operating companies may, therefore, earn less than their allowed returns. decisions are typically subject to appeal, potentially leading to additional uncertainty associated with rate case proceedings.
the utility operating companies have large customer and stakeholder bases and, as a result, could be the subject of public criticism or adverse publicity focused on issues including the operation of their assets and infrastructure or the quality of their service. criticism or adverse publicity of this nature could render legislatures and other governing bodies, public service commissions and other regulatory authorities, and government officials less likely to view the applicable operating company in a favorable light and could potentially negatively affect legislative or regulatory processes or outcomes, as well as lead to increased regulatory oversight or more stringent legislative or regulatory requirements.
the base rates of entergy texas are established largely in traditional base rate case proceedings. between base rate proceedings, entergy texas has available rate riders to recover the revenue requirements associated with certain incremental costs. these riders include a distribution cost recovery factor rider mechanism for the recovery of distribution-related capital investment and certain non-fuel miso charges, a transmission cost recovery factor rider mechanism for the recovery of transmission-related capital investments, a generation cost recovery rider mechanism for the recovery of generation-related capital investments, and a fixed fuel factor mechanism for the recovery of miso fuel and energy-related costs. entergy texas also is required to make a filing every three years,
287
table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy at a minimum, reconciling its fuel and purchased power costs and fuel factor revenues. in the course of this reconciliation, the puct determines whether eligible fuel and fuel-related expenses and revenues are necessary and reasonable, and makes a prudence finding for each of the fuel-related contracts for the reconciliation period.
entergy texas also is required to file full base rate case proceedings every four years and within eighteen months of utilizing its generation cost recovery rider for investments above $200 million.
between base rate cases, entergy arkansas and entergy mississippi are able to adjust base rates annually through formula rate plans that utilize a forward test year (entergy arkansas) or forward-looking features (entergy mississippi). in response to entergy arkansas's application for a general change in rates in 2015, the apsc approved the formula rate plan tariff proposed by entergy arkansas including its use of a projected year test period and an initial five-year term. the initial five-year term expires in 2021. entergy arkansas has requested apsc approval of the extension of the formula rate plan tariff for an additional five years through 2026. if entergy arkansas's formula rate plan were terminated or not extended beyond the initial term, entergy arkansas could file an application for a general change in rates that may include a request for continued regulation under a formula rate review mechanism. if entergy mississippi's formula rate plan is terminated, it would revert to the more traditional rate case environment or seek approval of a new formula rate plan. entergy arkansas and entergy mississippi recover fuel and purchased energy and certain non-fuel costs through other apsc-approved and mpsc-
approved tariffs, respectively.
entergy louisiana historically sets electric base rates annually through a formula rate plan using an historic test year. the form of the formula rate plan, on a combined basis, was approved in connection with the business combination of entergy louisiana and entergy gulf states louisiana and largely followed the formula rate plans that were approved by the lpsc in connection with the full electric base rate cases filed by those companies in february
2013. the formula rate plan was most recently extended through the test year 2019; certain modifications were made in that extension, including a decrease to the allowed return on equity and the addition of a transmission cost recovery mechanism. the formula rate plan continues to include exceptions from the rate cap and sharing requirements for certain large capital investment projects, including acquisition or construction of generating facilities and purchase power agreements approved by the lpsc and as noted, for certain transmission investment, among other items. miso fuel and energy-related costs are recoverable in entergy louisiana's fuel adjustment clause. entergy louisiana has a pending request to extend its formula rate plan with certain modifications, including implementation of a distribution investment recovery mechanism and use of end of period rate base. in the event that the electric formula rate plan is not renewed or extended, entergy louisiana would revert to the more traditional rate case environment.
entergy new orleans previously operated under a formula rate plan that ended with the 2011 test year. based on a settlement agreement approved by the city council, with limited exceptions, the base rates of entergy new orleans were frozen until rates were implemented in connection with the base rate case filed by entergy new orleans in
2018. in november 2019 the city council issued a resolution resolving the rate case, with rates to become effective retroactive to august 2019. the resolution allows entergy new orleans to implement a three-year formula rate plan, beginning with the 2019 test year as adjusted for forward-looking known and measurable changes. in november 2020
the city council issued a resolution approving a settlement of the 2018 rate case. as part of this settlement, entergy new orleans agreed to postpone the filing of its first test year formula rate plan to 2021 and, in return, to be provided an additional test year for the three-year cycle. see note 2 to the financial statements for further discussion.
the rates of system energy are established by the ferc, and the costs allowed to be charged pursuant to these rates are, in turn, passed through to the participating utility operating companies through the unit power sales agreement, which has monthly billings that reflect the current operating costs of, and investment in, grand gulf.
retail regulators and other parties may seek to initiate proceedings at ferc to investigate the prudence of costs included in the rates charged under the unit power sales agreement and examine, among other things, the
288
table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy reasonableness or prudence of the operation and maintenance practices, level of expenditures, allowed rates of return and rate base, and previously incurred capital expenditures. the unit power sales agreement is currently the subject of several litigation proceedings at the ferc, including a challenge with respect to system energy's uncertain tax positions, sale leaseback arrangement, authorized return on equity and capital structure, and a separate request for ferc to initiate a broader investigation of rates under the unit power sales agreement.
entergy cannot predict the outcome of any of these proceedings nor can it predict whether any outcome could have a material effect on entergy's or system energy's results of operations, financial condition or liquidity. see note 2
to the financial statements for further discussion of the proceedings. system energy has received ferc acceptance for billing protocols to provide retail regulators with information regarding rates billed under the unit power sales agreement.
the utility operating companies and system energy, and the energy industry as a whole, have experienced a period of rising costs and investments, and an upward trend in spending, especially with respect to infrastructure investments, which is likely to continue in the foreseeable future and could result in more frequent rate cases and requests for, and the continuation of, cost recovery mechanisms. for information regarding rate case proceedings and formula rate plans applicable to the utility operating companies, see note 2 to the financial statements.
changes to state or federal legislation or regulation affecting electric generation, electric and natural gas transmission, distribution, and related activities could adversely affect entergy and the utility operating companies' financial position, results of operations, or cash flows and their utility businesses.
if legislative and regulatory structures evolve in a manner that erodes the utility operating companies' exclusive rights to serve their regulated customers, they could lose customers and sales and their results of operations, financial position, or cash flows could be materially affected. additionally, technological advances in energy efficiency and distributed energy resources are reducing the costs of these technologies and together with ongoing state and federal subsidies, the increasing penetration of these technologies could result in reduced sales by the utility operating companies. such loss of sales could put upward pressure on rates, resulting in adverse regulatory actions to mitigate such effects on rates. entergy and the utility operating companies cannot predict if or when they may be subject to changes in legislation or regulation, or the extent and timing of reductions of the cost of distributed energy resources, nor can they predict the impact of these changes on their results of operations, financial position, or cash flows.
the utility operating companies recover fuel, purchased power, and associated costs through rate mechanisms that are subject to risks of delay or disallowance in regulatory proceedings.
the utility operating companies recover their fuel, purchased power, and associated costs from their customers through rate mechanisms subject to periodic regulatory review and adjustment. because regulatory review can result in the disallowance of incurred costs found not to have been prudently incurred, including the cost of replacement power purchased when generators experience outages or when planned outages are extended, with the possibility of refunds to ratepayers, there exists some risk to the ultimate recovery of those costs, particularly when there are substantial or sudden increases in such costs. regulators also may initiate proceedings to investigate the continued usage or the adequacy and operation of the fuel and purchased power recovery clauses of the utility operating companies and, therefore, there can be no assurance that existing recovery mechanisms will remain unchanged or in effect at all.
the utility operating companies' cash flows can be negatively affected by the time delays between when gas, power, or other commodities are purchased and the ultimate recovery from customers of the costs in rates. on occasion, when the level of incurred costs for fuel and purchased power rises very dramatically, some of the utility operating companies may agree to defer recovery of a portion of that period's fuel and purchased power costs for recovery at a later date, which could increase the near-term working capital and borrowing requirements of those companies. for a description of fuel and purchased power recovery mechanisms and information regarding the regulatory proceedings for fuel and purchased power costs recovery, see note 2 to the financial statements.
289
table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy there remains uncertainty regarding the effect of the termination of the system agreement on the utility operating companies.
the utility operating companies historically engaged in the coordinated planning, construction, and operation of generating resources and bulk transmission facilities under the terms of the system agreement, which is a rate schedule that had been approved by the ferc. the system agreement terminated in its entirety on august 31, 2016.
there remains uncertainty regarding the long-term effect of the termination of the system agreement on the utility operating companies because of the significant effect of the agreement on the generation and transmission functions of the utility operating companies and the significant period of time (over 30 years) that it had been in existence. in the absence of the system agreement, there remains uncertainty around the effectiveness of governance processes and the potential absence of federal authority to resolve certain issues among the utility operating companies and their retail regulators.
in addition, although the system agreement terminated in its entirety in august 2016, there are a few outstanding system agreement proceedings at the ferc and at the d.c. circuit that may require future adjustments, including challenges to the level and timing of payments made by entergy arkansas under the system agreement. the outcome and timing of these ferc proceedings and resulting recovery and impact on rates cannot be predicted at this time.
for further information regarding the regulatory proceedings relating to the system agreement, see note 2 to the financial statements.
the utility operating companies are subject to economic risks associated with participation in the miso markets and the allocation of transmission upgrade costs. the operation of the utility operating companies' transmission system pursuant to the miso rto tariff and their participation in the miso rto's wholesale markets may be adversely affected by regulatory or market design changes, as well as liability under, or any future inability to comply with, existing or future regulations or requirements.
on december 19, 2013, the utility operating companies integrated into the miso rto. miso maintains functional control over the combined transmission systems of its members and administers wholesale energy and ancillary services markets for market participants in the miso region, including the utility operating companies. the utility operating companies sell capacity, energy, and ancillary services on a bilateral basis to certain wholesale customers and offer available electricity production of their generating facilities into the miso day-ahead and real-time energy markets pursuant to the miso tariff and market rules. the utility operating companies are subject to economic risks associated with participation in the miso markets. miso tariff rules and system conditions, including transmission congestion, could affect the utility operating companies' ability to sell capacity, energy, and/or ancillary services in certain regions and/or the economic value of such sales, or the cost of serving the utility operating companies' respective loads, and miso market rules may change in ways that cause additional risk.
the utility operating companies participate in the miso regional transmission planning process and are subject to risks associated with planning decisions that miso makes in the exercise of control over the planning of the utility operating companies' transmission assets that are under miso's functional control. the utility operating companies pay transmission rates that reflect the cost of transmission projects that the utility operating companies do not own, which could increase cash or financing needs. in addition to the cash and financing-related risks arising from the potential additional cost allocation to the utility operating companies from transmission projects of others, there is a risk that the utility operating companies' business and financial position could be harmed as a result of lost investment opportunities and other effects that flow from an increased number of competitive projects being approved and constructed that are interconnected with their transmission systems.
further, the terms and conditions of the miso tariff, including provisions related to the design and implementation of wholesale markets, the
290
table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy allocation of transmission upgrade costs, the miso-wide allowed base rate of return on equity, and any required miso-related charges and credits are subject to regulation by the ferc. the operation of the utility operating companies' transmission system pursuant to the miso tariff and their participation in the miso wholesale markets may be adversely affected by regulatory or market design changes, as well as liability under, or any future inability to comply with, existing or future regulations or requirements. in addition, orders from each of the utility operating companies' respective retail regulators generally require that the utility operating companies make periodic filings, or generally allow the retail regulator to direct the making of such filings, setting forth the results of analysis of the costs and benefits realized from miso membership as well as the projected costs and benefits of continued membership in miso and/or requesting approval of their continued membership in miso. these filings have been submitted periodically by each of the utility operating companies as required by their respective retail regulators, and the outcome of the resulting proceedings may affect the utility operating companies'
continued membership in miso.
(entergy corporation, entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, and entergy texas)
a delay or failure in recovering amounts for storm restoration costs incurred as a result of severe weather
(including from hurricane laura, hurricane delta, and hurricane zeta), or the impact on customer bills of permitted storm cost recovery, could have material effects on entergy and its utility operating companies.
entergy's and its utility operating companies' results of operations, liquidity, and financial condition can be materially affected by the destructive effects of severe weather. severe weather can also result in significant outages for the customers of the utility operating companies and, therefore, reduced revenues for the utility operating companies during the period of the outages. a delay or failure in recovering amounts for storm restoration costs incurred or revenues lost as a result of severe weather could have a material effect on entergy and those utility operating companies affected by severe weather. in addition, the recovery of major storm restoration costs from customers could effectively limit our ability to make planned capital or other investments due to the impact of such storm cost recovery on customer bills.
in august and october 2020, hurricane laura, hurricane delta, and hurricane zeta caused significant damage to portions of the utility's service territories in louisiana, including new orleans, texas, and to a lesser extent, in arkansas and mississippi. the storms resulted in widespread power outages, significant damage to distribution and transmission infrastructure, and the loss of sales during the outages. additionally, as a result of hurricane laura's extensive damage to the grid infrastructure serving the impacted area, large portions of the underlying transmission system required nearly a complete rebuild. total restoration costs for the repair and/or replacement of the electrical system damaged by hurricane laura, hurricane delta, and hurricane zeta are currently estimated to be approximately $2.4 billion. because entergy has not gone through the regulatory process regarding these storm costs, there is an element of risk, and entergy is unable to predict with certainty the degree of success it may have in its recovery initiatives, the amount of restoration costs that it may ultimately recover, or the timing of such recovery.
nuclear operating, shutdown, and regulatory risks
(entergy corporation, entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, and system energy)
certain of the utility operating companies, system energy, and entergy wholesale commodities must consistently operate their nuclear power plants at high capacity factors in order to be successful, and lower capacity factors could materially affect entergy's and their results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity.
nuclear capacity factors significantly affect the results of operations of certain utility operating companies, system energy, and entergy wholesale commodities. nuclear plant operations involve substantial fixed operating
291
table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy costs. consequently, to be successful, a plant owner must consistently operate its nuclear power plants at high capacity factors, consistent with safety requirements. for the utility operating companies that own nuclear plants, lower capacity factors can increase production costs by requiring the affected companies to generate additional energy, sometimes at higher costs, from their owned or contractually controlled facilities or purchase additional energy in the spot or forward markets in order to satisfy their supply needs. for the entergy wholesale commodities nuclear plants, lower capacity factors directly affect revenues and cash flow from operations. entergy wholesale commodities' forward sales are comprised of various hedge products, many of which have some degree of operational-
contingent price risk. certain unit-contingent contracts guarantee specified minimum capacity factors. in the event plants with these contracts were operating below the guaranteed capacity factors, entergy would be subject to price risk for the undelivered power. further, entergy wholesale commodities' nuclear forward sales contracts can also be on a firm ld basis, which subjects entergy to increasing price risk as capacity factors decrease. many of these firm hedge products have damages risk.
certain of the utility operating companies and system energy periodically shut down their nuclear power plants to replenish fuel. plant maintenance and upgrades are often scheduled during such refueling outages. if refueling outages last longer than anticipated or if unplanned outages arise, entergy's and their results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity could be materially affected.
outages at nuclear power plants to replenish fuel require the plant to be "turned off." refueling outages generally are planned to occur once every 18 to 24 months. plant maintenance and upgrades are often scheduled during such planned outages, which typically extends the planned outage duration. when refueling outages last longer than anticipated or a plant experiences unplanned outages, capacity factors decrease, and maintenance costs may increase.
certain of the utility operating companies and system energy face risks related to the purchase of uranium fuel
(and its conversion, enrichment, and fabrication). these risks could materially affect entergy's and their results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity.
based upon currently planned fuel cycles, entergy's nuclear units have a diversified portfolio of contracts and inventory that provides substantially adequate nuclear fuel materials and conversion and enrichment services at what entergy believes are reasonably predictable prices through 2020 and beyond. entergy's ability to purchase nuclear fuel at reasonably predictable prices, however, depends upon the performance reliability of uranium miners.
while there are a number of possible alternate suppliers that may be accessed to mitigate any supplier performance failure, the pricing of any such alternate uranium supply from the market will be dependent upon the market for uranium supply at that time. entergy buys uranium from a diversified mix of sellers located in a diversified mix of countries, and from time to time purchases from nearly all qualified reliable major market participants worldwide that sell into the u.s. market prices for nuclear fuel have been extremely volatile from time to time in the past and may be subject to increased volatility due to the imposition of tariffs, domestic purchase requirements or limitations on importation of uranium or uranium products from foreign countries, or shifting trade arrangements between countries. although entergy's nuclear fuel contract portfolio provides a degree of hedging against market risks for several years, costs for nuclear fuel in the future cannot be predicted with certainty due to normal inherent market uncertainties, and price changes could materially affect the liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations of certain of the utility operating companies and system energy.
entergy's ability to assure nuclear fuel supply also depends upon the performance and reliability of conversion, enrichment, and fabrication services providers. these service providers are fewer in number than uranium suppliers.
for conversion and enrichment services, entergy diversifies its supply by supplier and country and may take special measures to ensure a reliable supply of enriched uranium for fabrication into nuclear fuel. for fabrication services, each plant is dependent upon the performance of the fabricator of that plant's nuclear fuel; therefore, entergy relies upon additional monitoring, inspection, and oversight of the fabrication process to assure reliability and quality of its nuclear fuel. certain of the suppliers and service providers are located in or dependent upon countries, such as russia, in which international sanctions or tariffs could further restrict the ability of such
292
table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy suppliers to continue to supply fuel or provide such services at acceptable prices or at all. the inability of such suppliers or service providers to perform such obligations could materially affect the liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations of certain of the utility operating companies and system energy.
entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, system energy, and the entergy wholesale commodities business face the risk that the nrc will change or modify its regulations, suspend or revoke their licenses, or increase oversight of their nuclear plants, which could materially affect entergy's and their results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity.
under the atomic energy act and energy reorganization act, the nrc regulates the operation of nuclear power plants.
the nrc may modify, suspend, or revoke licenses, shut down a nuclear facility and impose civil penalties for failure to comply with the atomic energy act, related regulations, or the terms of the licenses for nuclear facilities. interested parties may also intervene which could result in prolonged proceedings. a change in the atomic energy act, other applicable statutes, or the applicable regulations or licenses, or the nrc's interpretation thereof, may require a substantial increase in capital expenditures or may result in increased operating or decommissioning costs and could materially affect the results of operations, liquidity, or financial condition of entergy (through entergy wholesale commodities), its utility operating companies, or system energy. a change in the classification of a plant owned by one of these companies under the nrc's reactor oversight process, which is the nrc's program to collect information about plant performance, assess the information for its safety significance, and provide for appropriate licensee and nrc response, also could cause the owner of the plant to incur material additional costs as a result of the increased oversight activity and potential response costs associated with the change in classification. for additional information concerning the current classification of the plants owned by entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, system energy, and the entergy wholesale commodities business, see " regulation of entergy's business - regulation of the nuclear power industry - nrc reactor oversight process " in part i, item 1.
events at nuclear plants owned by one of these companies, as well as those owned by others, may lead to a change in laws or regulations or the terms of the applicable licenses, or the nrc's interpretation thereof, or may cause the nrc to increase oversight activity or initiate actions to modify, suspend, or revoke licenses, shut down a nuclear facility, or impose civil penalties. as a result, if an incident were to occur at any nuclear generating unit, whether an entergy nuclear generating unit or not, it could materially affect the financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity of entergy, certain of the utility operating companies, system energy, or entergy wholesale commodities.
certain of the utility operating companies, system energy, and entergy wholesale commodities are exposed to risks and costs related to operating and maintaining their nuclear power plants, and their failure to maintain operational efficiency at their nuclear power plants could materially affect entergy's and their results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity.
the nuclear generating units owned by certain of the utility operating companies, system energy, and the entergy wholesale commodities business began commercial operations in the 1970s-1980s. older equipment may require more capital expenditures to keep each of these nuclear power plants operating safely and efficiently. this equipment is also likely to require periodic upgrading and improvement. any unexpected failure, including failure associated with breakdowns, forced outages, or any unanticipated capital expenditures, could result in increased costs, some of which costs may not be fully recoverable by the utility operating companies and system energy in regulatory proceedings should there be a determination of imprudence. operations at any of the nuclear generating units owned and operated by entergy's subsidiaries could degrade to the point where the affected unit needs to be shut down or operated at less than full capacity. if this were to happen, identifying and correcting the causes may require significant time and expense. a decision may be made to close a unit rather than incur the expense of restarting it or returning the unit to full capacity. for the utility operating companies and system energy, this could result in certain costs being stranded and potentially not fully recoverable in regulatory proceedings. for entergy wholesale commodities, this could result in lost revenue and increased fuel and purchased power expense to meet
293
table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy supply commitments and penalties for failure to perform under their contracts with customers. in addition, the operation and maintenance of entergy's nuclear facilities require the commitment of substantial human resources that can result in increased costs.
the nuclear industry continues to address susceptibility to the effects of stress corrosion cracking and other corrosion mechanisms on certain materials within plant systems. the issue is applicable at all nuclear units to varying degrees and is managed in accordance with industry standard practices and guidelines that include in-
service examinations, replacements, and mitigation strategies. developments in the industry or identification of issues at the nuclear units could require unanticipated remediation efforts that cannot be quantified in advance.
moreover, entergy is becoming more dependent on fewer suppliers for key parts of entergy's nuclear power plants that may need to be replaced or refurbished, and in some cases, parts are no longer available and have to be reverse-engineered for replacement. in addition, certain major parts have long lead-times to manufacture if an unplanned replacement is needed. this dependence on a reduced number of suppliers and long lead-times on certain major parts for unplanned replacements could result in delays in obtaining qualified replacement parts and, therefore, greater expense for entergy.
the costs associated with the storage of the spent nuclear fuel of certain of the utility operating companies, system energy, and the owners of the entergy wholesale commodities nuclear power plants, as well as the costs of and their ability to fully decommission their nuclear power plants, could be significantly affected by the timing of the opening of a spent nuclear fuel disposal facility, as well as interim storage and transportation requirements.
certain of the utility operating companies, system energy, and the owners of the entergy wholesale commodities nuclear plants incur costs for the on-site storage of spent nuclear fuel. the approval of a license for a national repository for the disposal of spent nuclear fuel, such as the one proposed for yucca mountain, nevada, or any interim storage facility, and the timing of such facility opening, will significantly affect the costs associated with on-site storage of spent nuclear fuel. for example, while the doe is required by law to proceed with the licensing of yucca mountain and, after the license is granted by the nrc, to construct the repository and commence the receipt of spent fuel, the nrc licensing of the yucca mountain repository is effectively at a standstill. these actions are prolonging the time before spent fuel is removed from entergy's plant sites. because the doe has not accomplished its objectives, it is in non-compliance with the nuclear waste policy act of 1982 and has breached its spent fuel disposal contracts, and entergy has sued the doe for such breach. furthermore, entergy is uncertain as to when the doe will commence acceptance of spent fuel from its facilities for storage or disposal. as a result, continuing future expenditures will be required to increase spent fuel storage capacity at the companies' nuclear sites and maintenance costs on existing storage facilities, including aging management of fuel storage casks, may increase. the costs of on-site storage are also affected by regulatory requirements for such storage. in addition, the availability of a repository or other off-site storage facility for spent nuclear fuel may affect the ability to fully decommission the nuclear units and the costs relating to decommissioning. for further information regarding spent fuel storage, see the " critical accounting estimates - nuclear decommissioning costs - spent fuel disposal " section of management's financial discussion and analysis for entergy, entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, and system energy and note 8 to the financial statements.
certain of the utility operating companies, system energy, and the entergy wholesale commodities nuclear plant owners may be required to pay substantial retrospective premiums imposed under the price-anderson act in the event of a nuclear incident, and losses not covered by insurance could have a material effect on entergy's and their results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity.
accidents and other unforeseen problems at nuclear power plants have occurred both in the united states and elsewhere. the price-anderson act limits each reactor owner's public liability (off-site) for a single nuclear incident to the payment of retrospective premiums into a secondary insurance pool, which is referred to as secondary financial protection, up to approximately $137.6 million per reactor. with 97 reactors currently
294
table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy participating, this translates to a total public liability cap of approximately $14 billion per incident. the limit is subject to change to account for the effects of inflation, a change in the primary limit of insurance coverage, and changes in the number of licensed reactors. as required by the price-anderson act, the utility operating companies, system energy, and entergy wholesale commodities carry the maximum available amount of primary nuclear off-site liability insurance with american nuclear insurers, which is $450 million for each operating site. claims for any nuclear incident exceeding that amount are covered under secondary financial protection. as a result, in the event of a nuclear incident that causes damages (off-site) in excess of the primary insurance coverage, each owner of a nuclear plant reactor, including entergy's utility operating companies, system energy, and the entergy wholesale commodities plant owners, regardless of fault or proximity to the incident, will be required to pay a retrospective premium, equal to its proportionate share of the loss in excess of the primary insurance level, up to a maximum of approximately $137.6 million per reactor per incident (entergy's maximum total contingent obligation per incident is $1.101 billion). the retrospective premium payment is currently limited to approximately $21
million per year per incident per reactor until the aggregate public liability for each licensee is paid up to the
$137.6 million cap.
neil is a utility industry mutual insurance company, owned by its members, including the utility operating companies, system energy, and the owners of the entergy wholesale commodities plants. all member plants could be subject to an annual assessment (retrospective premium of up to 10 times current annual premium for all policies)
should the neil surplus (reserve) be significantly depleted due to insured losses. as of december 31, 2020, the maximum annual assessment amounts total $104 million for the utility plants. retrospective premium insurance available through neil's reinsurance treaty can cover the potential assessments and the entergy wholesale commodities plants currently maintain the retrospective premium insurance to cover those potential assessments.
as an owner of nuclear power plants, entergy participates in industry self-insurance programs and could be liable to fund claims should a plant owned by a different company experience a major event. any resulting liability from a nuclear accident may exceed the applicable primary insurance coverage and require contribution of additional funds through the industry-wide program that could significantly affect the results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity of entergy, certain of the utility operating companies, system energy, or the entergy wholesale commodities subsidiaries.
the decommissioning trust fund assets for the nuclear power plants owned by the utility operating companies, system energy, and the entergy wholesale commodities nuclear plant owners may not be adequate to meet decommissioning obligations if market performance and other changes decrease the value of assets in the decommissioning trusts, if one or more of entergy's nuclear power plants is retired earlier than the anticipated shutdown date, if the plants cost more to decommission than estimated, or if current regulatory requirements change, which then could require significant additional funding.
owners of nuclear generating plants have an obligation to decommission those plants. certain of the utility operating companies, system energy, and owners of the entergy wholesale commodities nuclear power plants maintain decommissioning trust funds for this purpose. certain of the utility operating companies collect funds from their customers, which are deposited into the trusts covering the units operated for or on behalf of those companies.
those rate collections, as adjusted from time to time by rate regulators, are generally based upon operating license lives and trust fund balances as well as estimated trust fund earnings and decommissioning costs. assets in these trust funds are subject to market fluctuations, will yield uncertain returns that may fall below projected return rates, and may result in losses resulting from the recognition of impairments of the value of certain securities held in these trust funds.
under nrc regulations, nuclear plant owners are permitted to project the nrc-required decommissioning amount, based on an nrc formula or a site-specific estimate, and the amount that will be available in each nuclear power plant's decommissioning trusts combined with any other decommissioning financial assurances in place. the projections are made based on the operating license expiration date and the mid-point of the subsequent
295
table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy decommissioning process, or the anticipated actual completion of decommissioning if a site-specific estimate is used. if the projected amount of each individual plant's decommissioning trusts exceeds the nrc-required decommissioning amount, then its nrc license termination decommissioning obligations are considered to be funded in accordance with nrc regulations. if the projected costs do not sufficiently reflect the actual costs required to decommission these nuclear power plants, or funding is otherwise inadequate, or if the formula, formula inputs, or site-specific estimate is changed to require increased funding, additional resources or commitments would be required. furthermore, depending upon the level of funding available in the trust funds, the nrc may not permit the trust funds to be used to pay for related costs such as the management of spent nuclear fuel that are not included in the nrc's formula. the nrc may also require a plan for the provision of separate funding for spent fuel management costs. in addition to nrc requirements, there are other decommissioning-related obligations for certain of the entergy wholesale commodities nuclear power plants, which management believes it will be able to satisfy.
further, federal or state regulatory changes, including mandated increases in decommissioning funding or changes in the methods or standards for decommissioning operations, may also increase the funding requirements of, or accelerate the timing for funding of, the obligations related to the decommissioning of the utility operating companies, system energy, or entergy wholesale commodities nuclear power plants or may restrict the decommissioning-related costs that can be paid from the decommissioning trusts. such changes also could result in the need for additional contributions to decommissioning trusts, or the posting of parent guarantees, letters of credit, or other surety mechanisms. as a result, under any of these circumstances, entergy's results of operations, liquidity, and financial condition could be materially affected.
an early plant shutdown (either generally or relative to current expectations), poor investment results, or higher than anticipated decommissioning costs (including as a result of changing regulatory requirements) could cause trust fund assets to be insufficient to meet the decommissioning obligations, with the result that the utility operating companies, system energy, or the entergy wholesale commodities nuclear plant owners may be required to provide significant additional funds or credit support to satisfy regulatory requirements for decommissioning, which, with respect to the utility operating companies, may not be recoverable from customers in a timely fashion or at all.
for further information regarding nuclear decommissioning costs, management's decision to exit the merchant power business, the impairment charges that resulted from such decision, and the planned sales of palisades and indian point energy center (which, in each case, will include the transfer of the associated decommissioning trusts), see the " critical accounting estimates - nuclear decommissioning costs " section of management's financial discussion and analysis for entergy, entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, and system energy, the " entergy wholesale commodities exit from the merchant power business " section of management's financial discussion and analysis for entergy corporation and subsidiaries, and notes 9 and 14 to the financial statements.
new or existing safety concerns regarding operating nuclear power plants and nuclear fuel could lead to restrictions upon the operation and decommissioning of entergy's nuclear power plants.
new and existing concerns are being expressed in public forums about the safety of nuclear generating units and nuclear fuel. these concerns have led to, and may continue to lead to, various proposals to federal regulators and governing bodies in some localities where entergy's subsidiaries own nuclear generating units for legislative and regulatory changes that might lead to the shutdown of nuclear units, additional requirements or restrictions related to spent nuclear fuel on-site storage and eventual disposal, or other adverse effects on owning, operating, and decommissioning nuclear generating units. entergy vigorously responds to these concerns and proposals. if any of the existing proposals, or any proposals that may arise in the future with respect to legislative and regulatory changes, become effective, they could have a material effect on entergy's results of operations and financial condition.
296
table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy
(entergy corporation)
entergy wholesale commodities nuclear power plants are exposed to price risk.
entergy and its subsidiaries do not have a regulator-authorized rate of return on their capital investments in non-
utility businesses. as a result, the sale of capacity and energy from the entergy wholesale commodities nuclear power plants, unless otherwise contracted, is subject to the fluctuation of market power prices. in order to reduce future price risk to desired levels, entergy wholesale commodities utilizes contracts that are unit-contingent and firm ld and various products such as forward sales, options, and collars. as of december 31, 2020, entergy wholesale commodities' nuclear power generation plants had sold forward 98% in 2021 and 99% in 2022 of its generation portfolio's planned energy output, reflecting the planned shutdown and sale of the remaining entergy wholesale commodities nuclear power plants by mid-2022.
market conditions such as product cost, market liquidity, and other portfolio considerations influence the product and contractual mix. the obligations under unit-contingent agreements depend on a generating asset that is operating; if the generation asset is not operating, the seller generally is not liable for damages. for some unit-
contingent obligations, however, there is also a guarantee of availability that provides for the payment to the power purchaser of contract damages, if incurred, in the event the unit owner fails to deliver power as a result of the failure of the specified generation unit to generate power at or above a specified availability threshold. firm ld sales transactions may be exposed to substantial operational price risk, a portion of which may be capped through the use of risk management products, to the extent that the plants do not run as expected and market prices exceed contract prices.
market prices may fluctuate substantially, sometimes over relatively short periods of time, and at other times experience sustained increases or decreases. demand for electricity and its fuel stock can fluctuate dramatically, creating periods of substantial under- or over-supply. during periods of over-supply, prices might be depressed.
also, from time to time there may be political pressure, or pressure from regulatory authorities with jurisdiction over wholesale and retail energy commodity and transportation rates, to impose price limitations, credit requirements, bidding rules, and other mechanisms to address volatility and other issues in these markets.
the effects of sustained low natural gas prices and power market structure challenges have resulted in lower market prices for electricity in the power regions where the entergy wholesale commodities nuclear power plants are located. in addition, currently the market design under which the plants operate does not adequately compensate merchant nuclear plants for their environmental and fuel diversity benefits in the region. these conditions were primary factors leading to entergy's decision to shut down (or sell) entergy wholesale commodities' nuclear power plants before the end of their operating licenses.
the price that different counterparties offer for various products including forward sales is influenced both by market conditions as well as the contract terms such as damage provisions, credit support requirements, and the number of available counterparties interested in contracting for the desired forward period. depending on differences between market factors at the time of contracting versus current conditions, entergy wholesale commodities' contract portfolio may have average contract prices above or below current market prices, including at the expiration of the contracts, which may significantly affect entergy wholesale commodities' results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity. new hedges are generally layered into on a rolling forward basis, which tends to drive hedge over-performance to market in a falling price environment, and hedge underperformance to market in a rising price environment; however, hedge timing, product choice, and hedging costs will also affect these results. see the " market and credit risk sensitive instruments " section of management's financial discussion and analysis for entergy corporation and subsidiaries. since entergy wholesale commodities has announced the closure (or sale) of its nuclear plants, entergy wholesale commodities may enter into fewer forward sales contracts for output from such plants.
297
table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy the entergy wholesale commodities business is subject to substantial governmental regulation and may be adversely affected by legislative, regulatory, or market design changes, as well as liability under, or any future inability to comply with, existing or future regulations or requirements.
the entergy wholesale commodities business is subject to extensive regulation under federal, state, and local laws.
compliance with the requirements under these various regulatory regimes may cause the entergy wholesale commodities business to incur significant additional costs, and failure to comply with such requirements could result in the shutdown of the non-complying facility, the imposition of liens, fines, and/or civil or criminal liability.
public utilities under the federal power act are required to obtain ferc acceptance of their rate schedules for wholesale sales of electricity. each of the owners of the entergy wholesale commodities nuclear power plants that generates electricity, as well as entergy nuclear power marketing, llc, is a "public utility" under the federal power act by virtue of making wholesale sales of electric energy and/or owning wholesale electric transmission facilities. the ferc has granted these generating and power marketing companies the authority to sell electricity at market-based rates. the ferc's orders that grant the entergy wholesale commodities' generating and power marketing companies market-based rate authority reserve the right to revoke or revise that authority if the ferc subsequently determines that the entergy wholesale commodities business can exercise market power in transmission or generation, create barriers to entry, or engage in abusive affiliate transactions. in addition, the entergy wholesale commodities' market-based sales are subject to certain market behavior rules, and if any of its generating and power marketing companies were deemed to have violated one of those rules, they would be subject to potential disgorgement of profits associated with the violation and/or suspension or revocation of their market-
based rate authority and potential penalties of up to $1.29 million per day per violation. if the entergy wholesale commodities' generating or power marketing companies were to lose their market-based rate authority, such companies would be required to obtain the ferc's acceptance of a cost-of-service rate schedule and could become subject to the accounting, record-keeping, and reporting requirements that are imposed on utilities with cost-based rate schedules. this could have an adverse effect on the rates the entergy wholesale commodities business charges for power from its facilities.
the entergy wholesale commodities business is also affected by legislative and regulatory changes, as well as changes to market design, market rules, tariffs, cost allocations, and bidding rules imposed by the existing independent system operators. the independent system operators that oversee most of the wholesale power markets may impose, and in the future may continue to impose, mitigation, including price limitations, offer caps and other mechanisms, to address some of the volatility and the potential exercise of market power in these markets. these types of price limitations and other regulatory mechanisms may have an adverse effect on the profitability of the entergy wholesale commodities business' generation facilities that sell energy and capacity into the wholesale power markets. for further information regarding federal, state, and local laws and regulation applicable to the entergy wholesale commodities business, see the " regulation of entergy's business " section in part i, item 1.
the regulatory environment applicable to the electric power industry is subject to changes as a result of restructuring initiatives at both the state and federal levels. entergy cannot predict the future design of the wholesale power markets or the ultimate effect that the changing regulatory environment will have on the entergy wholesale commodities business. in addition, in some of these markets, interested parties have proposed material market design changes, including the elimination of a single clearing price mechanism, have raised claims that the competitive marketplace is not working because energy prices in wholesale markets exceed the marginal cost of operating nuclear power plants, and have made proposals to re-regulate the markets, impose a generation tax, or require divestitures by generating companies to reduce their market share. other proposals to re-regulate may be made and legislative or other attention to the electric power market restructuring process may delay or reverse the deregulation process, which could require material changes to business planning models. if competitive restructuring of the electric power markets is reversed, modified, discontinued, or delayed, the entergy wholesale commodities business' results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity could be materially affected.
298
table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy the power plants owned by the entergy wholesale commodities business are subject to impairment charges in certain circumstances, which could have a material effect on entergy's results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity.
entergy reviews long-lived assets held in all of its business segments whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that recoverability of these assets is uncertain. generally, the determination of recoverability is based on the undiscounted net cash flows expected to result from the operations of such assets. projected net cash flows depend on the expected operating life of the assets, the future operating costs associated with the assets, the efficiency and availability of the assets and generating units, and the future market and price for energy and capacity over the remaining life of the assets. in particular, the remaining assets of the entergy wholesale commodities business are subject to further impairment in connection with the closure and sale of its nuclear power plants. moreover, prior to the closure and sale of these plants, the failure of the entergy wholesale commodities business to achieve forecasted operating results and cash flows, an unfavorable change in forecasted operating results or cash flows, a reduction in the expected remaining useful life of a unit, or a decline in observable industry market multiples could all result in potential additional impairment charges for the affected assets.
if entergy concludes that any of its nuclear power plants is unlikely to operate through its planned shutdown date, which conclusion would be based on a variety of factors, such a conclusion could result in a further impairment of part or all of the carrying value of the plant. any impairment charge taken by entergy with respect to its long-
lived assets, including the remaining power plants owned by the entergy wholesale commodities business, would likely be material in the quarter that the charge is taken and could otherwise have a material effect on entergy's results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity. for further information regarding evaluating long-lived assets for impairment, see the " critical accounting estimates - impairment of long-lived assets " section of management's financial discussion and analysis for entergy corporation and subsidiaries and for further discussion of the impairment charges, see note 14 to the financial statements.
general business
(entergy corporation, entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, and entergy texas)
entergy and the utility operating companies depend on access to the capital markets and, at times, may face potential liquidity constraints, which could make it more difficult to handle future contingencies such as natural disasters or substantial increases in gas and fuel prices. disruptions in the capital and credit markets may adversely affect entergy's and its subsidiaries' ability to meet liquidity needs, access capital and operate and grow their businesses, and the cost of capital.
entergy's business is capital intensive and dependent upon its ability to access capital at reasonable rates and other terms. at times there are also spikes in the price for natural gas and other commodities that increase the liquidity requirements of the utility operating companies and entergy wholesale commodities. in addition, entergy's and the utility operating companies' liquidity needs could significantly increase in the event of a hurricane or other weather-related or unforeseen disaster similar to that experienced in entergy's service territory with hurricane katrina and hurricane rita in 2005, hurricane gustav and hurricane ike in 2008, hurricane isaac in 2012, and hurricane laura, hurricane delta, and hurricane zeta in 2020. the occurrence of one or more contingencies, including a delay in regulatory recovery of fuel or purchased power costs or storm restoration costs, an acceleration of payments or decreased credit lines, less cash flow from operations than expected, changes in regulation or governmental policy (including tax and trade policy), or other unknown events, could cause the financing needs of entergy and its subsidiaries to increase. in addition, accessing the debt capital markets more frequently in these situations may result in an increase in leverage. material leverage increases could negatively affect the credit ratings of entergy and the utility operating companies, which in turn could negatively affect access to the capital markets.
299
table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy the inability to raise capital on favorable terms, particularly during times of high interest rates, and uncertainty or reduced liquidity in the capital markets, could negatively affect entergy and its subsidiaries'
ability to maintain and to expand their businesses. access to capital markets could be restricted and/or borrowing costs could be increased due to certain sources of debt and equity capital being unwilling to invest in companies that experience extreme weather events, that rely on fossil fuels or offerings to fund fossil fuel projects, or due to risks related to climate change. events beyond entergy's control may create uncertainty that could increase its cost of capital or impair its ability to access the capital markets, including the ability to draw on its bank credit facilities. entergy and its subsidiaries are unable to predict the degree of success they will have in renewing or replacing their credit facilities as they come up for renewal. moreover, the size, terms, and covenants of any new credit facilities may not be comparable to, and may be more restrictive than, existing facilities. if entergy and its subsidiaries are unable to access the credit and capital markets on terms that are reasonable, they may have to delay raising capital, issue shorter-term securities and/or bear an unfavorable cost of capital, which, in turn, could impact their ability to grow their businesses, decrease earnings, significantly reduce financial flexibility and/or limit entergy corporation's ability to sustain its current common stock dividend level.
(entergy corporation, entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, entergy texas, and system energy)
a downgrade in entergy corporation ' s or its subsidiaries ' credit ratings could negatively affect entergy corporation ' s and its subsidiaries ' ability to access capital and/or could require entergy corporation or its subsidiaries to post collateral, accelerate certain payments, or repay certain indebtedness.
there are a number of factors that rating agencies evaluate to arrive at credit ratings for each of entergy corporation and the registrant subsidiaries, including each registrant's regulatory framework, ability to recover costs and earn returns, diversification and financial strength and liquidity. if one or more rating agencies downgrade entergy corporation's, any of the utility operating companies', or system energy's ratings, particularly below investment grade, borrowing costs would increase, the potential pool of investors and funding sources would likely decrease, and cash or letter of credit collateral demands may be triggered by the terms of a number of commodity contracts, leases, and other agreements.
most of entergy corporation's and its subsidiaries' suppliers and counterparties require sufficient creditworthiness to enter into transactions. if entergy corporation's or its subsidiaries' ratings decline, particularly below investment grade, or if certain counterparties believe entergy corporation or the utility operating companies are losing creditworthiness and demand adequate assurance under fuel, gas, and purchased power contracts, the counterparties may require posting of collateral in cash or letters of credit, prepayment for fuel, gas or purchased power or accelerated payment, or counterparties may decline business with entergy corporation or its subsidiaries. at december 31, 2020 based on power prices at that time, entergy had liquidity exposure of $62
million under the guarantees in place supporting entergy wholesale commodities transactions and $6 million of posted cash collateral. in the event of a decrease in entergy corporation's credit rating to below investment grade, based on power prices as of december 31, 2020, entergy would have been required to provide approximately $30
million of additional cash or letters of credit under some of the agreements. as of december 31, 2020, the liquidity exposure associated with entergy wholesale commodities assurance requirements, including return of previously posted collateral from counterparties, would increase by $22 million for a $1 per mmbtu increase in gas prices in both the short- and long-term markets.
recent u.s. tax legislation may materially adversely affect entergy's financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.
the tax cuts and jobs act of 2017 and cares act of 2020 significantly changed the u.s. internal revenue code, including taxation of u.s. corporations, by, among other things, reducing the federal corporate income tax rate, limiting interest deductions, and altering the expensing of capital expenditures. the interpretive
300
table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy guidance issued by the irs and state tax authorities may be inconsistent with entergy's own interpretation and the legislation could be subject to amendments, which could lessen or increase certain impacts of the legislation.
as further described in note 3 to the financial statements, as a result of amortization of accumulated deferred income taxes and payment of such amounts to customers in 2019, entergy's net regulatory liability for income taxes balance is $1.6 billion as of december 31, 2020. depending on the outcome of irs examinations or tax positions and elections that entergy may make, entergy and the registrant subsidiaries may be required to record additional charges or credits to income tax expense. further, there may be other material effects resulting from the legislation that have not been identified.
see note 3 to the financial statements for discussion of the effects of the tax cuts and jobs act on 2018, 2019 and
2020 results of operations and financial condition, the provisions of the tax cuts and jobs act, and the uncertainties associated with accounting for the tax cuts and jobs act, and note 2 to the financial statements for discussion of the regulatory proceedings that have considered the effects of the tax cuts and jobs act.
changes in taxation as well as the inherent difficulty in quantifying potential tax effects of business decisions could negatively impact entergy's, the utility operating companies', and system energy's results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity.
entergy and its subsidiaries make judgments regarding the potential tax effects of various transactions and results of operations to estimate their obligations to taxing authorities. these tax obligations include income, franchise, real estate, sales and use, and employment-related taxes. these judgments include provisions for potential adverse outcomes regarding tax positions that have been taken. entergy and its subsidiaries also estimate their ability to utilize tax benefits, including those in the form of carryforwards for which the benefits have already been reflected in the financial statements. changes in federal, state, or local tax laws, adverse tax audit results or adverse tax rulings on positions taken by entergy and its subsidiaries could negatively affect entergy's, the utility operating companies', and system energy's results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. for further information regarding entergy's income taxes, see note 3 to the financial statements.
entergy and its subsidiaries' ability to successfully execute on their business strategies, including their ability to complete strategic transactions, is subject to significant risks, and, as a result, they may be unable to achieve some or all of the anticipated results of such strategies, which could materially affect their future prospects, results of operations, and benefits that they anticipate from such transactions.
entergy and its subsidiaries' future prospects and results of operations significantly depend on their ability to successfully implement their business strategies, which are subject to business, regulatory, economic, and other risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond their control. as a result, entergy and its subsidiaries may be unable to fully achieve the anticipated results of such strategies.
additionally, entergy and its subsidiaries have pursued and may continue to pursue strategic transactions including merger, acquisition, divestiture, joint venture, restructuring, or other strategic transactions. for example, entergy has entered into an agreement to sell its equity interests in the subsidiary that owns the palisades nuclear plant and the decommissioned big rock point nuclear power plant and an agreement to sell the equity interests of indian point 1, indian point 2, and indian point 3, in each case after each of the plants has been shut down and defueled. also, a significant portion of entergy's utility business over the next several years includes the construction and/or purchase of a variety of generating units. these transactions and plans are or may become subject to regulatory approval and other material conditions or contingencies. the failure to complete these transactions or plans or any future strategic transaction successfully or on a timely basis could have an adverse effect on entergy's or its subsidiaries' financial condition or results of operations and the market's perception of entergy's ability to execute its strategy. further, these transactions, and any completed or future strategic transactions, involve substantial risks, including the following:
301
table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy
 acquired businesses or assets may not produce revenues, earnings, or cash flow at anticipated levels;
 acquired businesses or assets could have environmental, permitting, or other problems for which contractual protections prove inadequate;
 entergy and/or its subsidiaries may assume liabilities that were not disclosed to them, that exceed their estimates, or for which their rights to indemnification from the seller are limited;
 entergy may experience issues integrating businesses into its internal controls over financial reporting;
 the disposition of a business, including entergy's planned exit from the merchant power business, could divert management's attention from other business concerns;
 entergy and/or its subsidiaries may be unable to obtain the necessary regulatory or governmental approvals to close a transaction, such approvals may be granted subject to terms that are unacceptable, or entergy or its subsidiaries otherwise may be unable to achieve anticipated regulatory treatment of any such transaction or acquired business or assets; and
 entergy or its subsidiaries otherwise may be unable to achieve the full strategic and financial benefits that they anticipate from the transaction, or such benefits may be delayed or may not occur at all.
entergy and its subsidiaries may not be successful in managing these or any other significant risks that they may encounter in acquiring or divesting a business, or engaging in other strategic transactions, which could have a material effect on their business, financial condition or results of operations.
the completion of capital projects, including the construction of power generation facilities, and other capital improvements involve substantial risks. should such efforts be unsuccessful, the financial condition, results of operations, or liquidity of entergy and the utility operating companies could be materially affected.
entergy's and the utility operating companies' ability to complete capital projects, including the construction of power generation facilities, or make other capital improvements, in a timely manner and within budget is contingent upon many variables and subject to substantial risks. these variables include, but are not limited to, project management expertise, escalating costs for materials, labor, and environmental compliance, and reliance on suppliers for timely and satisfactory performance. delays in obtaining permits, shortages in materials and qualified labor, levels of public support or opposition, suppliers and contractors not performing as expected or required under their contracts and/or experiencing financial problems that inhibit their ability to fulfill their obligations under contracts, changes in the scope and timing of projects, poor quality initial cost estimates from contractors, the inability to raise capital on favorable terms, changes in commodity prices affecting revenue, fuel costs, or materials costs, downward changes in the economy, changes in law or regulation, including environmental compliance requirements, and other events beyond the control of the utility operating companies or the entergy wholesale commodities business may occur that may materially affect the schedule, cost, and performance of these projects. if these projects or other capital improvements are significantly delayed or become subject to cost overruns or cancellation, entergy and the utility operating companies could incur additional costs and termination payments, or face increased risk of potential write-off of the investment in the project. in addition, the utility operating companies could be exposed to higher costs and market volatility, which could affect cash flow and cost recovery, should their respective regulators decline to approve the construction of the project or new generation needed to meet the reliability needs of customers at the lowest reasonable cost.
for further information regarding capital expenditure plans and other uses of capital in connection with capital projects, including the potential construction and/or purchase of additional generation supply sources within the utility operating companies' service territory, and as to the entergy wholesale commodities business, see the "
capital expenditure plans and other uses of capital " section of management's financial discussion and analysis for entergy and each of the registrant subsidiaries.
302
table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy failure to attract, retain and manage an appropriately qualified workforce could negatively affect entergy or its subsidiaries' results of operations.
we rely on a large and changing workforce of team members, including employees, contractors and temporary staffing.
certain events, such as an aging workforce, mismatching of skill sets, failing to appropriately anticipate future workforce needs, or the unavailability of contract resources may lead to operating challenges and increased costs.
the challenges include lack of resources, loss of knowledge base, and the time required for skill development. in this case, costs, including costs for contractors to replace employees, productivity costs, and safety costs, may increase. failure to hire and adequately train replacement employees, or the future availability and cost of contract labor may adversely affect the ability to manage and operate the business, especially considering the workforce needs associated with nuclear generation facilities and new skills required to operate a modernized, technology-enabled power grid. if entergy and its subsidiaries are unable to successfully attract, retain, and manage an appropriately qualified workforce, their results of operations, financial position, and cash flows could be negatively affected.
the utility operating companies, system energy, and the entergy wholesale commodities business may incur substantial costs to fulfill their obligations related to environmental and other matters.
the businesses in which the utility operating companies, system energy, and the entergy wholesale commodities business operate are subject to extensive environmental regulation by local, state, and federal authorities. these laws and regulations affect the manner in which the utility operating companies, system energy, and the entergy wholesale commodities business conduct their operations and make capital expenditures. these laws and regulations also affect how the utility operating companies, system energy, and the entergy wholesale commodities business manage air emissions, discharges to water, wetlands impacts, solid and hazardous waste storage and disposal, cooling and service water intake, the protection of threatened and endangered species, certain migratory birds and eagles, hazardous materials transportation, and similar matters. federal, state, and local authorities continually revise these laws and regulations, and the laws and regulations are subject to judicial interpretation and to the permitting and enforcement discretion vested in the implementing agencies. developing and implementing plans for facility compliance with these requirements can lead to capital, personnel, and operation and maintenance expenditures. violations of these requirements can subject the utility operating companies, system energy, and the entergy wholesale commodities business to enforcement actions, capital expenditures to bring existing facilities into compliance, additional operating costs or operating restrictions to achieve compliance, remediation and clean-
up costs, civil penalties, and exposure to third parties' claims for alleged health or property damages or for violations of applicable permits or standards. in addition, the utility operating companies, system energy, and the entergy wholesale commodities business potentially are subject to liability under these laws for the costs of remediation of environmental contamination of property now or formerly owned or operated by the utility operating companies, system energy, and entergy wholesale commodities and of property contaminated by hazardous substances they generate. the utility operating companies currently are involved in proceedings relating to sites where hazardous substances have been released and may be subject to additional proceedings in the future. the utility operating companies, system energy, and the entergy wholesale commodities business have incurred and expect to incur significant costs related to environmental compliance.
emissions of nitrogen and sulfur oxides, mercury, particulates, greenhouse gases, and other regulated air emissions from generating plants potentially are subject to increased regulation, controls, and mitigation expenses. in addition, existing air regulations and programs promulgated by the epa often are challenged legally, or are revised or withdrawn by the epa, sometimes resulting in large-scale changes to anticipated regulatory regimes and the resulting need to shift course, both operationally and economically, depending on the nature of the changes. risks relating to global climate change, initiatives to compel greenhouse gas emission reductions, and water availability issues are discussed below.
entergy and its subsidiaries may not be able to obtain or maintain all required environmental regulatory approvals.
if there is a delay in obtaining any required environmental regulatory approvals, or if entergy and its subsidiaries fail to obtain, maintain, or comply with any such approval, the operation of its facilities could be
303
table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy stopped or become subject to additional costs. for further information regarding environmental regulation and environmental matters, see the " regulation of entergy ' s business - environmental regulation " section of part i, item 1.
the utility operating companies, system energy, and the entergy wholesale commodities business may incur substantial costs related to reliability standards.
entergy's business is subject to extensive and mandatory reliability standards. such standards, which are established by the nerc, the serc, and other regional enforcement entities, are approved by the ferc and frequently are reviewed, amended, and supplemented. failure to comply with such standards could result in the imposition of fines or civil penalties, and potential exposure to third party claims for alleged violations of such standards.
the standards, as well as the laws and regulations that govern them, are subject to judicial interpretation and to the enforcement discretion vested in the implementing agencies. in addition to exposure to civil penalties and fines, the utility operating companies have incurred and expect to incur significant costs related to compliance with new and existing reliability standards, including costs associated with the utility operating companies'
transmission system and generation assets. in addition, the retail regulators of the utility operating companies possess the jurisdiction, and in some cases have exercised such jurisdiction, to impose standards governing the reliable operation of the utility operating companies' distribution systems, including penalties if these standards are not met. the changes to the reliability standards applicable to the electric power industry are ongoing, and entergy cannot predict the ultimate effect that the reliability standards will have on its utility and entergy wholesale commodities businesses.
(entergy corporation, entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, and entergy texas)
weather, economic conditions, technological developments, and other factors may have a material impact on electricity and gas usage and otherwise materially affect the utility operating companies ' results of operations and system reliability.
temperatures above normal levels in the summer tend to increase electric cooling demand and revenues, and temperatures below normal levels in the winter tend to increase electric and gas heating demand and revenues. as a corollary, mild temperatures in either season tend to decrease energy usage and resulting revenues. higher consumption levels coupled with seasonal pricing differentials typically cause the utility operating companies to report higher revenues in the third quarter of the fiscal year than in the other quarters. extreme weather conditions including hurricanes or tropical storms, flooding events, or ice storms may stress the utility operating companies' generation facilities and transmission and distribution systems, resulting in increased maintenance and capital costs (and potential increased financing needs), limits on their ability to meet peak customer demand, increased regulatory oversight, and reduced customer satisfaction. these extreme conditions could have a material effect on the utility operating companies' financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity.
entergy's electricity sales volumes are affected by a number of factors including weather and economic conditions, trends in energy efficiency, new technologies, and self-generation alternatives, including the willingness and ability of large industrial customers to develop co-generation facilities that greatly reduce their grid demand.
some of these factors are inherently cyclical or temporary in nature, such as the weather or economic conditions, and rarely have a long-lasting effect on entergy's operating results. others, such as the organic turnover of appliances and their replacement with more efficient ones, adoption of newer technologies including smart thermostats, new building codes, distributed energy resources, energy storage, demand side management, and rooftop solar are having a more permanent effect by reducing sales growth rates from historical norms. as a result of these emerging efficiencies and technologies, the utility operating companies may lose customers or experience lower average use per customer in the residential and commercial classes, and continuing advances have the potential to further limit sales growth in the future. the utility operating companies also may face competition from other companies offering products and services to entergy's customers. electricity sales to industrial
304
table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy customers, in particular, benefit from steady economic growth and favorable commodity markets; however, industrial sales are sensitive to changes in conditions in the markets in which its customers operate. negative changes in any of these or other factors, particularly sustained economic downturns or sluggishness, have the potential to result in slower sales growth or sales declines and increased bad debt expense, which could materially affect entergy's and the utility operating companies' results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity.
the effects of climate change, environmental and regulatory obligations intended to compel greenhouse gas emission reductions or increase clean or renewable energy requirements or to place a price on greenhouse gas emissions, or achieving voluntary climate commitments could materially affect the financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity of entergy, the utility operating companies, system energy, and the entergy wholesale commodities business.
in an effort to address climate change concerns, some federal, state, and local authorities are calling for additional laws and regulations aimed at known or suspected causes of climate change. for example, in response to the united states supreme court's 2007 decision holding that the epa has authority to regulate emissions of co 2
and other "greenhouse gases" under the clean air act, the epa, various environmental interest groups, and other organizations focused considerable attention on co 2 emissions from power generation facilities and their potential role in climate change. since that ruling, the epa has promulgated regulations controlling greenhouse gas emissions from certain vehicles, and from new, existing, and significantly modified stationary sources of emissions, including electric generating units. as examples of state action, in the northeast, the regional greenhouse gas initiative establishes a cap on co 2 emissions from electric power plants and requires generators to purchase emission permits to cover their co 2 emissions, and a similar program has been developed in california. in louisiana, the office of the governor announced the creation of a climate initiatives task force and issued an executive order that established a path to net-zero emissions by 2050 while the city council of new orleans passed a renewable and clean portfolio standard that sets a goal of net-zero emissions by 2040 and absolute zero emissions by 2050. the impact that continued changes in the governmental response to climate change risk will have on existing and pending environmental laws and regulations related to greenhouse gas emissions is currently unclear.
developing and implementing plans for compliance with greenhouse gas emissions reduction, clean/renewable energy requirements, or for achieving voluntary climate commitments can lead to additional capital, personnel, and operation and maintenance expenditures and could significantly affect the economic position of existing facilities and proposed projects. the operations of low or non-emitting generating units (such as nuclear units) at lower than expected capacity factors could require increased generation from higher emitting units, thus increasing the company's greenhouse gas emission rate. moreover, long-term planning to meet environmental requirements can be negatively impacted and costs may increase to the extent laws and regulations change prior to full implementation.
these requirements could, in turn, lead to changes in the planning or operations of balancing authorities or organized markets in areas where the utility operating companies, system energy, or entergy wholesale commodities do business. violations of such requirements may subject entergy wholesale commodities and the utility operating companies to enforcement actions, capital expenditures to bring existing facilities into compliance, additional operating costs or operating restrictions to achieve compliance, civil penalties, and exposure to third parties'
claims for alleged health or property damages or for violations of applicable permits or standards. to the extent entergy believes any of these costs are recoverable in rates, however, additional material rate increases for customers could be resisted by entergy's regulators and, in extreme cases, entergy's regulators might attempt to deny or defer timely recovery of these costs. future changes in regulation or policies governing the emission of co
2 and other greenhouse gases or mix of generation sources could (i) result in significant additional costs to entergy's utility operating companies, their suppliers or customers, (ii) make some of entergy's electric generating units uneconomical to maintain or operate, (iii) result in the early retirement of generation facilities and stranded costs if entergy's utility operating companies are unable to fully recover the costs and investment in generation and (iv) could increase the difficulty that entergy and its utility operating companies have with obtaining or maintaining required environmental regulatory approvals, each of which could materially affect the financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity of entergy and its subsidiaries. in addition, lawsuits have occurred or are reasonably expected against emitters of greenhouse gases alleging that these
305
table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy companies are liable for personal injuries and property damage caused by climate change. these lawsuits may seek injunctive relief, monetary compensation, and punitive damages.
in addition to the regulatory and financial risks associated with climate change discussed above, potential physical risks from climate change include an increase in sea level, wind and storm surge damages, wildfires, wetland and barrier island erosion, risks of flooding and changes in weather conditions, (such as increases in precipitation, drought, or changes in average temperatures), and potential increased impacts of extreme weather conditions or storms. entergy subsidiaries own assets in, and serve, communities that are at risk from sea level rise, changes in weather conditions, storms, and loss of the protection offered by coastal wetlands. a significant portion of the nation's oil and gas infrastructure is located in these areas and susceptible to storm damage that could be aggravated by the physical impacts of climate change, which could give rise to fuel supply interruptions and price spikes. entergy and its subsidiaries also face the risk that climate change could impact the availability and quality of water supply necessary for operations.
these and other physical changes could result in changes in customer demand, increased costs associated with repairing and maintaining generation facilities and transmission and distribution systems resulting in increased maintenance and capital costs (and potential increased financing needs), limits on the entergy system's ability to meet peak customer demand, more frequent and longer lasting outages, increased regulatory oversight, and lower customer satisfaction. also, to the extent that climate change adversely impacts the economic health of a region or results in energy conservation or demand side management programs, it may adversely impact customer demand and revenues. such physical or operational risks could have a material effect on entergy's, entergy wholesale commodities', system energy's, and the utility operating companies' financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity.
in september 2020, entergy voluntarily committed to achieving net zero carbon emissions by 2050. technology research and development, innovation, and advancement are critical to entergy's ability to achieve this commitment.
moreover, entergy cannot predict the ultimate impact of achieving this objective, or the various implementation aspects, on its system reliability, or its results of operations, financial condition or liquidity.
continued and future availability and quality of water for cooling, process, and sanitary uses could materially affect the financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity of the utility operating companies, system energy, and the entergy wholesale commodities business.
water is a vital natural resource that is also critical to the utility operating companies', system energy's, and entergy wholesale commodities' business operations. entergy's facilities use water for cooling, boiler make-up, sanitary uses, potable supply, and many other uses. entergy's utility operating companies also own and/or operate hydroelectric facilities. accordingly, water availability and quality are critical to entergy's business operations. impacts to water availability or quality could negatively impact both operations and revenues.
entergy secures water through various mechanisms (ground water wells, surface waters intakes, municipal supply, etc.) and operates under the provisions and conditions set forth by the provider and/or regulatory authorities.
entergy also obtains and operates in substantial compliance with water discharge permits issued under various provisions of the clean water act and/or state water pollution control provisions. regulations and authorizations for both water intake and use and for waste discharge can become more stringent in times of water shortages, low flows in rivers, low lake levels, low groundwater aquifer volumes, and similar conditions. the increased use of water by industry, agriculture, and the population at large, population growth, and the potential impacts of climate change on water resources may cause water use restrictions that affect entergy and its subsidiaries.
306
table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy entergy and its subsidiaries may not be adequately hedged against changes in commodity prices, which could materially affect entergy's and its subsidiaries' results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity.
to manage near-term financial exposure related to commodity price fluctuations, entergy and its subsidiaries, including the utility operating companies and the entergy wholesale commodities business, may enter into contracts to hedge portions of their purchase and sale commitments, fuel requirements, and inventories of natural gas, uranium and its conversion and enrichment, coal, refined products, and other commodities, within established risk management guidelines. as part of this strategy, entergy and its subsidiaries may utilize fixed- and variable-price forward physical purchase and sales contracts, futures, financial swaps, and option contracts traded in the over-
the-counter markets or on exchanges. however, entergy and its subsidiaries normally cover only a portion of the exposure of their assets and positions to market price volatility, and the coverage will vary over time. in addition, entergy also elects to leave certain volumes during certain years unhedged. to the extent entergy and its subsidiaries have unhedged positions, fluctuating commodity prices can materially affect entergy's and its subsidiaries' results of operations and financial position.
although entergy and its subsidiaries devote a considerable effort to these risk management strategies, they cannot eliminate all the risks associated with these activities. as a result of these and other factors, entergy and its subsidiaries cannot predict with precision the impact that risk management decisions may have on their business, results of operations, or financial position.
entergy's over-the-counter financial derivatives are subject to rules implementing the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act that are designed to promote transparency, mitigate systemic risk, and protect against market abuse. entergy cannot predict the impact any proposed or not fully-implemented final rules will have on its ability to hedge its commodity price risk or on over-the-counter derivatives markets as a whole, but such rules and regulations could have a material effect on entergy's risk exposure, as well as reduce market liquidity and further increase the cost of hedging activities.
entergy has guaranteed or indemnified the performance of a portion of the obligations relating to hedging and risk management activities. reductions in entergy's or its subsidiaries' credit quality or changes in the market prices of energy commodities could increase the cash or letter of credit collateral required to be posted in connection with hedging and risk management activities, which could materially affect entergy's or its subsidiaries' liquidity and financial position.
the utility operating companies and the entergy wholesale commodities business are exposed to the risk that counterparties may not meet their obligations, which may materially affect the utility operating companies and entergy wholesale commodities.
the hedging and risk management practices of the utility operating companies and the entergy wholesale commodities business are exposed to the risk that counterparties that owe entergy and its subsidiaries money, energy, or other commodities will not perform their obligations. currently, some hedging agreements contain provisions that require the counterparties to provide credit support to secure all or part of their obligations to entergy or its subsidiaries. if the counterparties to these arrangements fail to perform, entergy or its subsidiaries may enforce and recover the proceeds from the credit support provided and acquire alternative hedging arrangements, which credit support may not always be adequate to cover the related obligations. in such event, entergy and its subsidiaries might incur losses in addition to amounts, if any, already paid to the counterparties. in addition, the credit commitments of entergy's lenders under its bank facilities may not be honored for a variety of reasons, including unexpected periods of financial distress affecting such lenders, which could materially affect the adequacy of its liquidity sources.
307
table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy market performance and other changes may decrease the value of benefit plan assets, which then could require additional funding and result in increased benefit plan costs.
the performance of the capital markets affects the values of the assets held in trust under entergy's pension and postretirement benefit plans. a decline in the market value of the assets may increase the funding requirements relating to entergy's benefit plan liabilities and also result in higher benefit costs. as the value of the assets decreases, the "expected return on assets" component of benefit costs decreases, resulting in higher benefits costs. additionally, asset losses are incorporated into benefit costs over time, thus increasing benefits costs.
volatility in the capital markets has affected the market value of these assets, which may affect entergy's planned levels of contributions in the future. additionally, changes in interest rates affect the liabilities under entergy's pension and postretirement benefit plans; as interest rates decrease, the liabilities increase, potentially requiring additional funding and recognition of higher liability carrying costs. the funding requirements of the obligations related to the pension benefit plans can also increase as a result of changes in, among other factors, retirement rates, life expectancy assumptions, or federal regulations. for further information regarding entergy's pension and other postretirement benefit plans, refer to the " critical accounting estimates -
qualified pension and other postretirement benefits " section of management's financial discussion and analysis for entergy and each of its registrant subsidiaries and note 11 to the financial statements.
the litigation environment in the states in which certain entergy subsidiaries operate poses a significant risk to those businesses.
entergy and its subsidiaries are involved in the ordinary course of business in a number of lawsuits involving employment, commercial, asbestos, hazardous material and ratepayer matters, and injuries and damages issues, among other matters. the states in which the utility operating companies operate have proven to be unusually litigious environments. judges and juries in these states have demonstrated a willingness to grant large verdicts, including punitive damages, to plaintiffs in personal injury, property damage, and business tort cases. entergy and its subsidiaries use legal and appropriate means to contest litigation threatened or filed against them, but the litigation environment in these states poses a significant business risk.
terrorist attacks, cyber attacks, system failures or data breaches of entergy's and its subsidiaries' or our suppliers' technology systems may adversely affect entergy's results of operations.
entergy and its subsidiaries operate in a business that requires evolving information technology systems that include sophisticated data collection, processing systems, software, network infrastructure, and other technologies that are becoming more complex and may be subject to mandatory and prescriptive reliability and security standards.
the functionality of entergy's technology systems depends on its own and its suppliers' and their contractors'
technology. suppliers' and their contractors' technology systems to which entergy is connected directly or indirectly support a variety of business processes and activities to store sensitive data, including (i)
intellectual property, (ii) proprietary business information, (iii) personally identifiable information of customers and employees, and (iv) data with respect to invoicing and the collection of payments, accounting, procurement, and supply chain activities. any significant failure or malfunction of such information technology systems could result in loss of data or disruptions of operations.
there have been attacks and threats of attacks on energy infrastructure by cyber actors, including those associated with foreign governments. as an operator of critical infrastructure, entergy and its subsidiaries face heightened risk of an act or threat of terrorism, cyber attacks, and data breaches, whether as a direct or indirect act against one of entergy's generation, transmission or distribution facilities, operations centers, infrastructure, or information technology systems used to manage, monitor, and transport power to customers and perform day-to-day business functions. an actual act could affect entergy's ability to operate, including its ability to operate the information technology systems and network infrastructure on which it relies to conduct business.
given the rapid technological advancements of existing and emerging threats, entergy's technology systems remain inherently vulnerable despite implementations and enhancements of the multiple layers of security
308
table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy and controls. if entergy's or its subsidiaries' technology systems were compromised and unable to detect or recover in a timely fashion to a normal state of operations, entergy or its subsidiaries could be unable to perform critical business functions that are essential to the company's well-being and could result in a loss of its confidential, sensitive, and proprietary information, including personal information of its customers, employees, suppliers, and others in entergy's care.
any such attacks, failures or data breaches could have a material effect on entergy's and the utility operating companies' business, financial condition, results of operations or reputation. although we purchase insurance coverage for cyber-attacks or data breaches, such insurance may not be adequate to cover all losses that might arise in connection with these events. such events may also expose entergy to an increased risk of litigation (and associated damages and fines).
(entergy new orleans)
the effect of higher purchased gas cost charges to customers taking gas service may adversely affect entergy new orleans's results of operations and liquidity.
gas rates charged to retail gas customers are comprised primarily of purchased gas cost charges, which provide no return or profit to entergy new orleans, and distribution charges, which provide a return or profit to the utility.
distribution charges recover fixed costs on a volumetric basis and, thus, are affected by the amount of gas sold to customers. when purchased gas cost charges increase due to higher gas procurement costs, customer usage may decrease, especially in weaker economic times, resulting in lower distribution charges for entergy new orleans, which could adversely affect results of operations. purchased gas cost charges, which comprise most of a customer's bill and may be adjusted monthly, represent gas commodity costs that entergy new orleans recovers from its customers. entergy new orleans's cash flows can be affected by differences between the time period when gas is purchased and the time when ultimate recovery from customers occurs.
(system energy)
system energy owns and, through an affiliate, operates a single nuclear generating facility, and it is dependent on sales to affiliated companies for all of its revenues. certain contractual arrangements relating to system energy, the affiliated companies, and these revenues are the subject of ongoing litigation and regulatory proceedings.
system energy's operating revenues are derived from the allocation of the capacity, energy, and related costs associated with its 90% ownership/leasehold interest in grand gulf. charges under the unit power sales agreement are paid by the utility operating companies as consideration for their respective entitlements to receive capacity and energy. the useful economic life of grand gulf is finite and is limited by the terms of its operating license, which expires in november 2044. system energy's financial condition depends both on the receipt of payments from the utility operating companies under the unit power sales agreement and on the continued commercial operation of grand gulf. the unit power sales agreement is currently the subject of several litigation proceedings at the ferc, including a challenge with respect to system energy's uncertain tax positions, sale leaseback arrangement, authorized return on equity and capital structure, and a request in a separate proceeding for ferc to initiate a broader investigation of rates under the unit power sales agreement. the lpsc has also authorized the filing of a prudence complaint at the ferc relating to grand gulf operations. entergy cannot predict the outcome of any of these proceedings nor can it predict whether any outcome could have a material effect on entergy's or system energy's results of operations, financial condition or liquidity. see note 2 to the financial statements for further discussion of the proceedings. the utility operating companies have agreed to implement certain protocols for providing retail regulators with information regarding rates billed under the unit power sales agreement.
for information regarding the unit power sales agreement, the sale and leaseback transactions and certain other agreements relating to the entergy system companies' support of system energy, see notes 5 and 8 to the
309
table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy financial statements and the " utility - system energy and related agreements " section of part i, item 1.
(entergy corporation)
as a holding company, entergy corporation depends on cash distributions from its subsidiaries to meet its debt service and other financial obligations and to pay dividends on its common stock.
entergy corporation is a holding company with no material revenue generating operations of its own or material assets other than the stock of its subsidiaries. accordingly, all of its operations are conducted by its subsidiaries. entergy corporation's ability to satisfy its financial obligations, including the payment of interest and principal on its outstanding debt, and to pay dividends on its common stock depends on the payment to it of dividends or distributions by its subsidiaries. the subsidiaries of entergy corporation are separate and distinct legal entities and have no obligation, contingent or otherwise, to pay any dividends or make distributions to entergy corporation. the ability of such subsidiaries to make payments of dividends or distributions to entergy corporation depends on their results of operations and cash flows and other items affecting retained earnings, and on any applicable legal, regulatory, or contractual limitations on subsidiaries' ability to pay such dividends or distributions. prior to providing funds to entergy corporation, such subsidiaries have financial and regulatory obligations that must be satisfied, including among others, debt service and, in the case of entergy utility holding company and entergy texas, dividends and distributions on preferred securities. any distributions from the registrant subsidiaries other than entergy texas and system energy are paid directly to entergy utility holding company and are therefore subject to prior payment of distributions on its preferred securities.
310
table of contents entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis the covid-19 pandemic see " the covid-19 pandemic " section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for a discussion of the covid-19 pandemic.
february 2021 winter storms see the " february 2021 winter storms " section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for a discussion of the february 2021 winter storms. entergy arkansas's preliminary estimate for the cost of mobilizing crews and restoring power is approximately $10 million. natural gas purchases for entergy arkansas for february 1st through 25th, 2021 are approximately $105 million compared to natural gas purchases for february 2020 of $10 million.
results of operations
2020 compared to 2019
net income net income decreased $17.7 million primarily due to lower volume/weather, a formula rate plan provision recorded in
2020 to reflect the 2019 historical year netting adjustment, and higher depreciation and amortization expenses, partially offset by higher retail electric price and lower other operation and maintenance expenses. see note 2 to the financial statements for discussion of the 2019 historical year netting adjustment.
operating revenues following is an analysis of the change in operating revenues comparing 2020 to 2019:
amount
-in millions
2019 operating revenues                                  $2,259.6
fuel, rider, and other revenues that do not                -278.5
significantly affect net income volume/weather                                              -72.2
retail electric price                                        57.4
return of unprotected excess accumulated deferred           118.2
income taxes to customers
2020 operating revenues                                  $2,084.5
entergy arkansas's results include revenues from rate mechanisms designed to recover fuel, purchased power, and other costs such that the revenues and expenses associated with these items generally offset and do not affect net income. "fuel, rider, and other revenues that do not significantly affect net income" includes the revenue variance associated with these items.
the volume/weather variance is primarily due to a decrease of 1,069 gwh, or 5%, in billed electricity usage, including decreased commercial and industrial usage as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, and the effect of less favorable weather on residential and commercial sales, partially offset by an increase in residential usage as a
311
table of contents entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis result of the covid-19 pandemic. see " the covid-19 pandemic " section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for discussion of the covid-19 pandemic.
the retail electric price variance is primarily due to the $56.5 million annual formula rate plan increase related to the 2020 projected test year included in the 2019 formula rate plan filing effective with the first billing cycle of january 2020. see note 2 to the financial statements for further discussion of the formula rate plan filing.
the return of unprotected excess accumulated deferred income taxes to customers resulted from the return of unprotected excess accumulated deferred income taxes through a tax adjustment rider beginning in april 2018. in
2020, $8.1 million was returned to customers as compared to $126.3 million in 2019. there is no effect on net income as the reduction in operating revenues in each period was offset by a reduction in income tax expense. see note 2 to the financial statements for further discussion of regulatory activity regarding the tax cuts and jobs act.
other income statement variances nuclear refueling outage expenses decreased primarily due to the amortization of lower costs associated with the most recent outages as compared to previous outages.
other operation and maintenance expenses decreased primarily due to:
 a decrease of $18.3 million in nuclear generation expenses primarily due to lower nuclear labor costs, including contract labor, in part as a result of the covid-19 pandemic;
 a decrease of $13.2 million in non-nuclear generation expenses primarily due to lower long-term service agreement expenses;
 an $11.2 million write-off in 2019 of specific costs related to the potential construction of scrubbers at the white bluff plant. see note 2 to the financial statements for discussion of the write-off;
 higher nuclear insurance refunds of $7.8 million;
 a decrease of $5.9 million primarily due to contract costs in 2019 related to initiatives to explore new customer products and services; and
 a decrease of $5.8 million in energy efficiency costs.
the decrease was partially offset by the effects of recording in 2019 a final judgment to resolve claims in the ano damages case against the doe related to spent nuclear fuel storage costs. the damages awarded include the reimbursement of approximately $11.9 million of spent nuclear fuel storage costs previously recorded as other operation and maintenance expense. see note 8 to the financial statements for discussion of the spent nuclear fuel litigation.
depreciation and amortization expenses increased primarily due to additions to plant in service.
other income increased primarily due to changes in decommissioning trust fund investment activity.
other regulatory credits - net for 2020 include s a provision of $43.5 million to reflect the 2019 historical year netting adjustment included in the apsc's december 2020 order in the 2020 formula rate plan proceeding. see note 2
to the financial statements for discussion of the 2020 formula rate plan proceeding.
the effective income tax rates were 16.3% for 2020 and (21.6%) for 2019. the difference in the effective income tax rate versus the federal statutory rate of 21% for 2019 was primarily due to the amortization of excess accumulated deferred income taxes. see notes 2 and 3 to the financial statements for a discussion of the effects and regulatory activity regarding the tax cuts and jobs act. see note 3 to the financial statements for a reconciliation of the federal statutory rate of 21% to the effective income tax rates.
312
table of contents entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis
2019 compared to 2018
see " management's financial discussion and analysis - results of operations " in item 7 of entergy arkansas's annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2019, filed with the sec on february 21, 2020, for discussion of results of operations for 2019 compared to 2018.
liquidity and capital resources cash flow cash flows for the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019, and 2018 were as follows:
2020        2019        2018
-in thousands cash and cash equivalents at beginning             $3,519        $119      $6,216
of period net cash provided by (used in):
operating activities                              659,818     677,766     211,825
investing activities                             -795,709    -676,293    -688,727
financing activities                              324,500       1,927     470,805
net increase (decrease) in cash and cash          188,609       3,400      -6,097
equivalents cash and cash equivalents at end of              $192,128      $3,519        $119
period
2020 compared to 2019
operating activities net cash flow provided by operating activities decreased $17.9 million in 2020 primarily due to:
 the timing of recovery of fuel and purchased power costs;
 lower collections of receivables from customers, in part due to the covid-19 pandemic; and
 the timing of payments to vendors.
the decrease was partially offset by:
 a decrease in the return of unprotected excess accumulated deferred income taxes to customers in 2020 as compared to 2019. see note 2 to the financial statements for further discussion of regulatory activity regarding the tax cuts and jobs act;
 $25 million in proceeds received from the doe in 2020 resulting from litigation regarding spent nuclear fuel storage costs that were previously expensed. see note 8 to the financial statements for discussion of the spent nuclear fuel litigation; and
 a decrease of $15.8 million in pension contributions in 2020. see " critical accounting estimates " below and note 11 to the financial statements for a discussion of qualified pension and other postretirement benefits funding.
313
table of contents entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis investing activities net cash flow used in investing activities increased $119.4 million in 2020 primarily due to:
 an increase of $79.5 million in storm spending;
 an increase of $47.3 million in non-nuclear generation construction expenditures primarily due to increased spending on various projects in 2020;
 an increase of $39.4 million in nuclear construction expenditures primarily as a result of work performed in 2020
on various ano 2 outage projects;
 an increase of $38.5 million as a result of fluctuations in nuclear fuel activity because of variations from year to year in the timing and pricing of fuel reload requirements in the utility business, material and service deliveries, and the timing of cash payments during the nuclear fuel cycle; and
 an increase of $30.3 million in distribution construction expenditures primarily due to investment in the reliability and infrastructure of entergy arkansas's distribution system, including increased spending on advanced metering infrastructure.
the increase was partially offset by:
 a decrease of $56 million in transmission construction expenditures primarily due to a lower scope of work performed in 2020 as compared to 2019; and
 $55 million in proceeds received from the doe in 2020 resulting from litigation regarding spent nuclear fuel storage costs that were previously capitalized. see note 8 to the financial statements for discussion of the spent nuclear fuel litigation.
financing activities net cash flow provided by financing activities increased $322.6 million in 2020 primarily due to:
 issuances of $100 million of 4.0% series mortgage bonds in march 2020 and $675 million of 2.65% series mortgage bonds in september 2020;
 money pool activity;
 a decrease of $41.6 million in net long-term repayments in 2020 on the entergy arkansas nuclear fuel company variable interest entity credit facility; and
 a decrease of $20 million in common equity distributions in 2020 in order to maintain entergy arkansas's capital structure.
the increase was partially offset by:
 the issuance of $350 million of 4.20% series mortgage bonds in march 2019;
 the repayment in october 2020 of $200 million of 4.90% series mortgage bonds due december 2052; and
 the repayment in october 2020 of $125 million of 4.75% series mortgage bonds due june 2063.
decreases in entergy arkansas's payable to the money pool are a use of cash flow, and entergy arkansas's payable to the money pool decreased by $21.6 million in 2020 compared to decreasing by $161.1 million in 2019. the money pool is an inter-company borrowing arrangement designed to reduce the utility subsidiaries' need for external short-term borrowings.
see note 5 to the financial statements for further details of long-term debt.
314
table of contents entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis
2019 compared to 2018
see " management's financial discussion and analysis - liquidity and capital resources - cash flow " in item 7 of entergy arkansas's annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2019, filed with the sec on february
21, 2020, for discussion of operating, investing, and financing cash flow activities for 2019 compared to 2018.
capital structure entergy arkansas's debt to capital ratio is shown in the following table. the increase in the debt to capital ratio is primarily due to the net issuances of long-term debt in 2020.
december 31,        december 31,
2020                2019

debt to capital                                   54.8  %             53.0  %
effect of excluding the securitization               -  %                -  %
bonds debt to capital, excluding                        54.8  %             53.0  %
securitization bonds (a)
effect of subtracting cash                        (1.2  %)               -  %
net debt to net capital, excluding                53.6  %             53.0  %
securitization bonds (a)
(a) calculation excludes the securitization bonds, which are non-recourse to entergy arkansas.
net debt consists of debt less cash and cash equivalents. debt consists of short-term borrowings, finance lease obligations, and long-term debt, including the currently maturing portion. capital consists of debt and equity. net capital consists of capital less cash and cash equivalents. entergy arkansas uses the debt to capital ratios excluding securitization bonds in analyzing its financial condition and believes they provide useful information to its investors and creditors in evaluating entergy arkansas's financial condition because the securitization bonds, which have been repaid as of december 31, 2020, were non-recourse to entergy arkansas, as more fully described in note 5 to the financial statements. entergy arkansas also uses the net debt to net capital ratio excluding securitization bonds in analyzing its financial condition and believes it provides useful information to its investors and creditors in evaluating entergy arkansas's financial condition because net debt indicates entergy arkansas's outstanding debt position that could not be readily satisfied by cash and cash equivalents on hand.
entergy arkansas seeks to optimize its capital structure in accordance with its regulatory requirements and to control its cost of capital while also maintaining equity capitalization at a level consistent with investment-
grade debt ratings. to the extent that operating cash flows are in excess of planned investments, cash may be used to reduce outstanding debt or may be paid as a distribution, or both, in appropriate amounts to maintain the capital structure. to the extent that operating cash flows are insufficient to support planned investments, entergy arkansas may issue incremental debt or reduce distributions, or both, to maintain its capital structure. in addition, in certain infrequent circumstances, such as financing of large transactions that would materially alter the capital structure if financed entirely with debt and reducing distributions, entergy arkansas may receive equity contributions to maintain its capital structure.
uses of capital entergy arkansas requires capital resources for:
 construction and other capital investments;
 debt maturities or retirements;
 working capital purposes, including the financing of fuel and purchased power costs; and
 distribution and interest payments.
315
table of contents entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis following are the amounts of entergy arkansas's planned construction and other capital investments.
2021    2022      2023
-in millions planned construction and capital investment:
generation                                  $340    $355      $430
transmission                                  40      45       190
distribution                                  95     255       420
utility support                              105      80        75
total                                       $580    $735    $1,115
following are the amounts of entergy arkansas's existing debt and lease obligations (includes estimated interest payments) and other purchase obligations.
2021    2022-2023    2024-2025    after 2025     total
-in millions long-term debt (a)                  $611         $543         $581        $4,713    $6,448
operating leases (b)                 $14          $21          $15           $11       $61
finance leases (b)                    $3           $5           $3            $2       $13
purchase obligations (c)            $452         $618         $509        $3,882    $5,461
(a) includes estimated interest payments. long-term debt is discussed in note 5 to the financial statements.
(b) lease obligations are discussed in note 10 to the financial statements.
(c) purchase obligations represent the minimum purchase obligation or cancellation charge for contractual obligations to purchase goods or services. for entergy arkansas, almost all of the total consists of unconditional fuel and purchased power obligations, including its obligations under the unit power sales agreement, which are discussed in note 8 to the financial statements.
in addition to the contractual obligations given above, entergy arkansas currently expects to contribute approximately $66.6 million to its qualified pension plans and approximately $517 thousand to its other postretirement health care and life insurance plans in 2021, although the 2021 required pension contributions will be known with more certainty when the january 1, 2021 valuations are completed, which is expected by april 1, 2021.
see " critical accounting estimates - qualified pension and other postretirement benefits " below for a discussion of qualified pension and other postretirement benefits funding.
also in addition to the contractual obligations, entergy arkansas has $252 million of unrecognized tax benefits and interest net of unused tax attributes for which the timing of payments beyond 12 months cannot be reasonably estimated due to uncertainties in the timing of effective settlement of tax positions. see note 3 to the financial statements for additional information regarding unrecognized tax benefits.
in addition to routine capital spending to maintain operations, the planned capital investment estimate for entergy arkansas includes specific investments in renewables such as the searcy solar facility, walnut bend solar facility, and west memphis solar facility; transmission projects to enhance reliability, reduce congestion, and enable economic growth; distribution spending to enhance reliability and improve service to customers, including advanced meters and related investments; resource planning, including potential generation and renewables projects; system improvements; investments in ano 1 and 2; software and security; and other investments. estimated capital expenditures are subject to periodic review and modification and may vary based on the ongoing effects of regulatory constraints and requirements, environmental compliance, business opportunities, market volatility, economic trends, business restructuring, changes in project plans, and the ability to access capital. management provides more information on long-term debt maturities in note 5 to the financial statements.
316
table of contents entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis as a wholly-owned subsidiary of entergy utility holding company, llc, entergy arkansas pays distributions from its earnings at a percentage determined monthly.
renewables searcy solar facility in march 2019, entergy arkansas announced that it signed an agreement for the purchase of an approximately 100 mw solar energy facility that will be sited on approximately 800 acres in white county near searcy, arkansas. the purchase is contingent upon, among other things, obtaining necessary approvals from applicable federal and state regulatory and permitting agencies. the project is being constructed by a subsidiary of nextera energy resources.
entergy arkansas will purchase the facility upon mechanical completion and after the other purchase contingencies have been met. closing is expected to occur by the end of 2021. in may 2019, entergy arkansas filed a petition with the apsc seeking a finding that the transaction is in the public interest and requesting all necessary approvals.
in september 2019 other parties filed testimony largely supporting the resource acquisition but disputing entergy arkansas's proposed method of cost recovery. entergy arkansas filed its rebuttal testimony in october 2019. in february 2020, entergy arkansas, the attorney general, and the apsc general staff filed a partial settlement agreement asking the apsc to approve, based on the record in the proceeding, all issues except certain issues that are submitted to the apsc for determination. in april 2020 the apsc issued an order approving entergy arkansas's acquisition of the searcy solar facility as being in the public interest, but declined to approve entergy arkansas's preferred cost recovery rider mechanism, finding instead, based on the particular facts and circumstances presented, that the formula rate plan rider was a sufficient recovery mechanism for this resource.
walnut bend solar facility in october 2020, entergy arkansas filed a petition with the apsc seeking a finding that the purchase of the 100 mw walnut bend solar facility is in the public interest. entergy arkansas requested a decision by the apsc by june 15,
2021 and primarily requests cost recovery through the formula rate plan rider. a procedural schedule was established with a hearing scheduled in april 2021. closing is expected to occur in 2022.
west memphis solar facility in january 2021, entergy arkansas filed a petition with the apsc seeking a finding that the purchase of the 180 mw west memphis solar facility is in the public interest. entergy arkansas requested a decision by the apsc by september 7, 2021 and primarily requests cost recovery through the formula rate plan rider. closing is expected to occur in 2023.
sources of capital entergy arkansas's sources to meet its capital requirements include:
 internally generated funds;
 cash on hand;
 debt or preferred membership interest issuances, including debt issuances to refund or retire currently outstanding or maturing indebtedness;
 capital contributions; and
 bank financing under new or existing facilities.
entergy arkansas may refinance, redeem, or otherwise retire debt prior to maturity, to the extent market conditions and interest rates are favorable.
317
table of contents entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis all debt and common and preferred membership interest issuances by entergy arkansas require prior regulatory approval. debt issuances are also subject to issuance tests set forth in entergy arkansas's bond indentures and other agreements. entergy arkansas has sufficient capacity under these tests to meet its foreseeable capital needs.
entergy arkansas's receivables from or (payables to) the money pool were as follows as of december 31 for each of the following years.
2020                  2019         2018         2017
(in thousands)
$3,110            -$21,634    -$182,738    -$166,137
see note 4 to the financial statements for a description of the money pool.
entergy arkansas has a credit facility in the amount of $150 million scheduled to expire in september 2024. entergy arkansas also has a $25 million credit facility scheduled to expire in april 2021. the $150 million credit facility includes fronting commitments for the issuance of letters of credit against $5 million of the borrowing capacity of the facility. as of december 31, 2020, there were no cash borrowings and no letters of credit outstanding under the credit facilities. in addition, entergy arkansas is a party to an uncommitted letter of credit facility as a means to post collateral to support its obligations to miso. as of december 31, 2020, a $1 million letter of credit was outstanding under entergy arkansas's uncommitted letter of credit facility. see note 4 to the financial statements for further discussion of the credit facilities.
the entergy arkansas nuclear fuel company variable interest entity has a credit facility in the amount of $80
million scheduled to expire in september 2022. as of december 31, 2020, $12.2 million in loans were outstanding under the credit facility for the entergy arkansas nuclear fuel company variable interest entity. see note 4 to the financial statements for further discussion of the nuclear fuel company variable interest entity credit facility.
entergy arkansas obtained authorization from the ferc through july 2022 for short-term borrowings not to exceed an aggregate amount of $250 million at any time outstanding and borrowings by its nuclear fuel company variable interest entity. see note 4 to the financial statements for further discussion of entergy arkansas's short-term borrowing limits. the long-term securities issuances of entergy arkansas are limited to amounts authorized by the ferc. the apsc has concurrent jurisdiction over entergy arkansas's first mortgage bond/secured issuances. entergy arkansas has obtained long-term financing authorization from the ferc that extends through july 2022. entergy arkansas has obtained first mortgage bond/secured financing authorization from the apsc that extends through december 2022.
state and local rate regulation and fuel-cost recovery retail rates
2018 formula rate plan filing in july 2018, entergy arkansas filed with the apsc its 2018 formula rate plan filing to set its formula rate for the 2019 calendar year. the filing showed entergy arkansas's projected earned return on common equity for the twelve months ended december 31, 2019 test period to be below the formula rate plan bandwidth. additionally, the filing included the first netting adjustment under the current formula rate plan for the historical test year 2017, reflecting the change in formula rate plan revenues associated with actual 2017 results when compared to the allowed rate of return on equity. the filing included a projected $73.4 million revenue deficiency for 2019 and a
$95.6 million revenue deficiency for the 2017 historical test year, for a total revenue requirement of $169 million for this filing. by operation of the formula rate plan, entergy arkansas's recovery of the revenue requirement is
318
table of contents entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis subject to a four percent annual revenue constraint. because entergy arkansas's revenue requirement in this filing exceeded the constraint, the resulting increase was limited to four percent of total revenue, which originally was
$65.4 million but was increased to $66.7 million based upon the apsc staff's updated calculation of 2018 revenue.
in october 2018, entergy arkansas and the parties to the proceeding filed joint motions to approve a partial settlement agreement as to certain factual issues and agreed to brief contested legal issues. in november 2018 the apsc held a hearing and was briefed on a contested legal issue. in december 2018 the apsc issued a decision related to the initial legal brief, approved the partial settlement agreement and $66.7 million revenue requirement increase, as well as entergy arkansas's formula rate plan, with updated rates going into effect for the first billing cycle of january 2019.
2019 formula rate plan filing in july 2019, entergy arkansas filed with the apsc its 2019 formula rate plan filing to set its formula rate for the 2020 calendar year. the filing contained an evaluation of entergy arkansas's earnings for the projected year
2020 and a netting adjustment for the historical year 2018. the total proposed formula rate plan rider revenue change designed to produce a target rate of return on common equity of 9.75% is $15.3 million, which is based upon a deficiency of approximately $61.9 million for the 2020 projected year, netted with a credit of approximately
$46.6 million in the 2018 historical year netting adjustment. during 2018 entergy arkansas experienced higher-than expected sales volume, and actual costs were lower than forecasted. these changes, coupled with a reduced income tax rate resulting from the tax cuts and jobs act, resulted in the credit for the historical year netting adjustment. in the fourth quarter 2018, entergy arkansas recorded a provision of $35.1 million that reflected the estimate of the historical year netting adjustment that was expected to be included in the 2019 filing. in 2019, entergy arkansas recorded additional provisions totaling $11.5 million to reflect the updated estimate of the historical year netting adjustment included in the 2019 filing. in october 2019 other parties in the proceeding filed their errors and objections requesting certain adjustments to entergy arkansas's filing that would reduce or eliminate entergy arkansas's proposed revenue change. entergy arkansas filed its response addressing the requested adjustments in october 2019. in its response, entergy arkansas accepted certain of the adjustments recommended by the general staff of the apsc that would reduce the proposed formula rate plan rider revenue change to $14 million.
entergy arkansas disputed the remaining adjustments proposed by the parties. in october 2019, entergy arkansas filed a unanimous settlement agreement with the other parties in the proceeding seeking apsc approval of a revised total formula rate plan rider revenue change of $10.1 million. in its july 2019 formula rate plan filing, entergy arkansas proposed to recover an $11.2 million regulatory asset, amortized over five years, associated with specific costs related to the potential construction of scrubbers at the white bluff plant. although entergy arkansas does not concede that the regulatory asset lacks merit, for purposes of reaching a settlement on the total formula rate plan rider amount, entergy arkansas agreed not to include the white bluff scrubber regulatory asset cost in the
2019 formula rate plan filing or future filings. entergy arkansas recorded a write-off in 2019 of the $11.2 million white bluff scrubber regulatory asset. in december 2019 the apsc approved the settlement as being in the public interest and approved entergy arkansas's compliance tariff effective with the first billing cycle of january 2020.
2020 formula rate plan filing in july 2020, entergy arkansas filed with the apsc its 2020 formula rate plan filing to set its formula rate for the 2021 calendar year. the filing contained an evaluation of entergy arkansas's earnings for the projected year
2021, as amended through subsequent filings in the proceeding, and a netting adjustment for the historical year
2019. the filing showed that entergy arkansas's earned rate of return on common equity for the 2021 projected year is 8.22% resulting in a revenue deficiency of $64.3 million. the earned rate of return on common equity for the
2019 historical year was 9.07% resulting in a $23.9 million netting adjustment. the total proposed revenue change for the 2021 projected year and 2019 historical year netting adjustment was $88.2 million. by operation of the formula rate plan, entergy arkansas's recovery of the revenue requirement is subject to a four percent annual revenue constraint. because entergy arkansas's revenue requirement in this filing exceeded the constraint, the resulting increase was limited to $74.3 million. in october 2020 other parties in the proceeding filed their errors
319
table of contents entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis and objections recommending certain adjustments, and entergy arkansas filed responsive testimony disputing these adjustments. as part of the formula rate plan tariff the calculation for the revenue constraint was updated based on actual revenues which had the effect of reducing the initially-proposed $74.3 million revenue requirement increase to $72.6 million. in october 2020, entergy arkansas filed with the apsc a unanimous settlement agreement reached with the other parties that resolved all but one issue. as a result of the settlement agreement, entergy arkansas's requested revenue increase was $68.4 million, including a $44.5 million increase for the projected 2021
year and a $23.9 million netting adjustment. the remaining issue litigated concerned the methodology used to calculate the netting adjustment within the formula rate plan. in december 2020 the apsc issued an order rejecting the netting adjustment method used by entergy arkansas. applying the approach ordered by the apsc changed the netting adjustment for the 2019 historical year from a $23.9 million deficiency to $43.5 million excess. overall, the decision reduced entergy arkansas's revenue adjustment for 2021 to $1 million. in december 2020, entergy arkansas filed a petition for rehearing of the apsc's decision, and in january 2021 the apsc granted further consideration of entergy arkansas's petition. based on the progress of the proceeding to date, in december 2020, entergy arkansas recorded a regulatory liability of $43.5 million to reflect the netting adjustment for 2019, as included in the apsc's december 2020 order, which would be returned to customers in 2021. also with the formula rate plan filing, entergy arkansas is requesting an extension of the formula rate plan rider for a second five-year term. decisions by the apsc on the netting adjustment rehearing and the extension are expected in march 2021.
internal restructuring in november 2017, entergy arkansas filed an application with the apsc seeking authorization to undertake a restructuring that would result in the transfer of substantially all of the assets and operations of entergy arkansas to a new entity, which would ultimately be owned by an existing entergy subsidiary holding company. in july 2018, entergy arkansas filed a settlement, reached by all parties in the apsc proceeding, resolving all issues. the apsc approved the settlement agreement and restructuring in august 2018. pursuant to the settlement agreement, entergy arkansas will credit retail customers $39.6 million over six years, beginning in 2019. entergy arkansas also received the required ferc and nrc approvals.
in november 2018, entergy arkansas undertook a multi-step restructuring, including the following:
 entergy arkansas, inc. redeemed its outstanding preferred stock at the aggregate redemption price of approximately $32.7 million.
 entergy arkansas, inc. converted from an arkansas corporation to a texas corporation.
 under the texas business organizations code (txboc), entergy arkansas, inc. allocated substantially all of its assets to a new subsidiary, entergy arkansas power, llc, a texas limited liability company (entergy arkansas power), and entergy arkansas power assumed substantially all of the liabilities of entergy arkansas, inc., in a transaction regarded as a merger under the txboc. entergy arkansas, inc. remained in existence and held the membership interests in entergy arkansas power.
 entergy arkansas, inc. contributed the membership interests in entergy arkansas power to an affiliate (entergy utility holding company, llc, a texas limited liability company and subsidiary of entergy corporation). as a result of the contribution, entergy arkansas power is a wholly-owned subsidiary of entergy utility holding company, llc.
in december 2018, entergy arkansas, inc. changed its name to entergy utility property, inc., and entergy arkansas power then changed its name to entergy arkansas, llc. entergy arkansas, llc holds substantially all of the assets, and assumed substantially all of the liabilities, of entergy arkansas, inc. the transaction was accounted for as a transaction between entities under common control.
320
table of contents entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis production cost allocation rider the apsc approved a production cost allocation rider for recovery from customers of the retail portion of the costs allocated to entergy arkansas as a result of the system agreement proceedings, which are discussed in the " system agreement cost equalization proceedings " section in note 2 to the financial statements.
energy cost recovery rider entergy arkansas's retail rates include an energy cost recovery rider to recover fuel and purchased energy costs in monthly customer bills. the rider utilizes the prior calendar-year energy costs and projected energy sales for the twelve-month period commencing on april 1 of each year to develop an energy cost rate, which is redetermined annually and includes a true-up adjustment reflecting the over- or under-recovery, including carrying charges, of the energy costs for the prior calendar year. the energy cost recovery rider tariff also allows an interim rate request depending upon the level of over- or under-recovery of fuel and purchased energy costs.
in january 2014, entergy arkansas filed a motion with the apsc relating to its upcoming energy cost rate redetermination filing that was made in march 2014. in that motion, entergy arkansas requested that the apsc authorize entergy arkansas to exclude from the redetermination of its 2014 energy cost rate $65.9 million of incremental fuel and replacement energy costs incurred in 2013 as a result of the ano stator incident. entergy arkansas requested that the apsc authorize entergy arkansas to retain that amount in its deferred fuel balance, with recovery to be reviewed in a later period after more information was available regarding various claims associated with the ano stator incident. in february 2014 the apsc approved entergy arkansas's request to retain that amount in its deferred fuel balance. in july 2017, entergy arkansas filed for a change in rates pursuant to its formula rate plan rider. in that proceeding, the apsc approved a settlement agreement agreed upon by the parties, including a provision that requires entergy arkansas to initiate a regulatory proceeding for the purpose of recovering funds currently withheld from rates and related to the stator incident, including the $65.9 million of deferred fuel and purchased energy costs previously noted, subject to certain timelines and conditions set forth in the settlement agreement. see the " ano damage, outage, and nrc reviews " section in note 8 to the financial statements for further discussion of the ano stator incident.
in march 2017, entergy arkansas filed its annual redetermination of its energy cost rate pursuant to the energy cost recovery rider, which reflected an increase in the rate from $0.01164 per kwh to $0.01547 per kwh. the apsc staff filed testimony in march 2017 recommending that the redetermined rate be implemented with the first billing cycle of april 2017 under the normal operation of the tariff. accordingly, the redetermined rate went into effect on march 31, 2017 pursuant to the tariff. in july 2017 the arkansas attorney general requested additional information to support certain of the costs included in entergy arkansas's 2017 energy cost rate redetermination.
in march 2018, entergy arkansas filed its annual redetermination of its energy cost rate pursuant to the energy cost recovery rider, which reflected an increase in the rate from $0.01547 per kwh to $0.01882 per kwh. the arkansas attorney general filed a response to entergy arkansas's annual redetermination filing requesting that the apsc suspend the proposed tariff to investigate the amount of the redetermination or, alternatively, to allow recovery subject to refund. among the reasons the attorney general cited for suspension were questions pertaining to how entergy arkansas forecasted sales and potential implications of the tax act. entergy arkansas replied to the attorney general's filing and stated that, to the extent there are questions pertaining to its load forecasting or the operation of the energy cost recovery rider, those issues exceed the scope of the instant rate redetermination.
entergy arkansas also stated that potential effects of the tax act are appropriately considered in the apsc's separate proceeding regarding potential implications of the tax law. the apsc general staff filed a reply to the attorney general's filing and agreed that entergy arkansas's filing complied with the terms of the energy cost recovery rider. the redetermined rate became effective with the first billing cycle of april 2018. subsequently in april 2018 the apsc issued an order declining to suspend entergy arkansas's energy cost recovery rider rate and declining to require further investigation at that time of the issues suggested by the attorney general in the
321
table of contents entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis proceeding. following a period of discovery, the attorney general filed a supplemental response in october 2018
raising new issues with entergy arkansas's march 2018 rate redetermination and asserting that $45.7 million of the increase should be collected subject to refund pending further investigation. entergy arkansas filed to dismiss the attorney general's supplemental response, the apsc general staff filed a motion to strike the attorney general's filing, and the attorney general filed a supplemental response disputing entergy arkansas and the apsc staff's filing. applicable apsc rules and processes authorize its general staff to initiate periodic audits of entergy arkansas's energy cost recovery rider. in late-2018 the apsc general staff notified entergy arkansas it has initiated an audit of the 2017 fuel costs. the time in which the audit will be complete is uncertain at this time.
in march 2019, entergy arkansas filed its annual redetermination of its energy cost rate pursuant to the energy cost recovery rider, which reflected a decrease from $0.01882 per kwh to $0.01462 per kwh and became effective with the first billing cycle in april 2019. in march 2019 the arkansas attorney general filed a response to entergy arkansas's annual adjustment and included with its filing a motion for investigation of alleged overcharges to customers in connection with the ferc's october 2018 order in the opportunity sales proceeding. entergy arkansas filed its response to the attorney general's motion in april 2019 in which entergy arkansas stated its intent to initiate a proceeding to address recovery issues related to the october 2018 ferc order. in may 2019, entergy arkansas initiated the opportunity sales recovery proceeding, discussed below, and requested that the apsc establish that proceeding as the single designated proceeding in which interested parties may assert claims related to the appropriate retail rate treatment of the ferc october 2018 order and related ferc orders in the opportunity sales proceeding. in june 2019 the apsc granted entergy arkansas's request and also denied the attorney general's motion in the energy cost recovery proceeding seeking an investigation into entergy arkansas's annual energy cost recovery rider adjustment and referred the evaluation of such matters to the opportunity sales recovery proceeding.
in march 2020, entergy arkansas filed its annual redetermination of its energy cost rate pursuant to the energy cost recovery rider, which reflected a decrease from $0.01462 per kwh to $0.01052 per kwh. the redetermined rate became effective with the first billing cycle in april 2020 through the normal operation of the tariff.
opportunity sales proceeding in june 2009 the lpsc filed a complaint requesting that the ferc determine that certain of entergy arkansas's sales of electric energy to third parties: (a) violated the provisions of the system agreement that allocated the energy generated by entergy system resources; (b) imprudently denied the entergy system and its ultimate consumers the benefits of low-cost entergy system generating capacity; and (c) violated the provision of the system agreement that prohibited sales to third parties by individual companies absent an offer of a right-of-first-refusal to other utility operating companies. the lpsc's complaint challenged sales made beginning in 2002 and requested refunds. in july 2009 the utility operating companies filed a response to the complaint arguing among other things that the system agreement contemplates that the utility operating companies may make sales to third parties for their own account, subject to the requirement that those sales be included in the load (or load shape) for the applicable utility operating company. the ferc subsequently ordered a hearing in the proceeding.
after a hearing, the alj issued an initial decision in december 2010. the alj found that the system agreement allowed for entergy arkansas to make the sales to third parties but concluded that the sales should be accounted for in the same manner as joint account sales. the alj concluded that "shareholders" should make refunds of the damages to the utility operating companies, along with interest. entergy disagreed with several aspects of the alj's initial decision and in january 2011 filed with the ferc exceptions to the decision.
the ferc issued a decision in june 2012 and held that, while the system agreement is ambiguous, it does provide authority for individual utility operating companies to make opportunity sales for their own account and entergy arkansas made and priced these sales in good faith. the ferc found, however, that the system agreement does not provide authority for an individual utility operating company to allocate the energy associated
322
table of contents entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis with such opportunity sales as part of its load but provides a different allocation authority. the ferc further found that the after-the-fact accounting methodology used to allocate the energy used to supply the sales was inconsistent with the system agreement. the ferc in its decision established further hearing procedures to quantify the effect of repricing the opportunity sales in accordance with the ferc's june 2012 decision. the hearing was held in may 2013 and the alj issued an initial decision in august 2013. the lpsc, the apsc, the city council, and ferc staff filed briefs on exceptions and/or briefs opposing exceptions. entergy filed a brief on exceptions requesting that the ferc reverse the initial decision and a brief opposing certain exceptions taken by the lpsc and ferc staff.
in april 2016 the ferc issued orders addressing requests for rehearing filed in july 2012 and the alj's august 2013
initial decision. the first order denied entergy's request for rehearing and affirmed the ferc's earlier rulings that entergy's original methodology for allocating energy costs to the opportunity sales was incorrect and, as a result, entergy arkansas must make payments to the other utility operating companies to put them in the same position that they would have been in absent the incorrect allocation. the ferc clarified that interest should be included with the payments. the second order affirmed in part, and reversed in part, the rulings in the alj's august 2013 initial decision regarding the methodology that should be used to calculate the payments entergy arkansas is to make to the other utility operating companies. the ferc affirmed the alj's ruling that a full re-run of intra-system bills should be performed but required that methodology be modified so that the sales have the same priority for purposes of energy allocation as joint account sales. the ferc reversed the alj's decision that any payments by entergy arkansas should be reduced by 20%. the ferc also reversed the alj's decision that adjustments to other system agreement service schedules and excess bandwidth payments should not be taken into account when calculating the payments to be made by entergy arkansas. the ferc held that such adjustments and excess bandwidth payments should be taken into account but ordered further proceedings before an alj to address whether a cap on any reduction due to bandwidth payments was necessary and to implement the other adjustments to the calculation methodology.
in may 2016, entergy services filed a request for rehearing of the ferc's april 2016 order arguing that payments made by entergy arkansas should be reduced as a result of the timing of the lpsc's approval of certain contracts.
entergy services also filed a request for clarification and/or rehearing of the ferc's april 2016 order addressing the alj's august 2013 initial decision. the apsc and the lpsc also filed requests for rehearing of the ferc's april
2016 order. in september 2017 the ferc issued an order denying the request for rehearing on the issue of whether any payments by entergy arkansas to the other utility operating companies should be reduced due to the timing of the lpsc's approval of entergy arkansas's wholesale baseload contract with entergy louisiana. in november 2017 the ferc issued an order denying all of the remaining requests for rehearing of the april 2016 order. in november 2017, entergy services filed a petition for review in the d.c. circuit of the ferc's orders in the first two phases of the opportunity sales case. in december 2017 the d.c. circuit granted entergy services' request to hold the appeal in abeyance pending final resolution of the related proceeding before the ferc. in january 2018 the apsc and the lpsc filed separate petitions for review in the d.c. circuit, and the d.c. circuit consolidated the appeals with entergy services' appeal.
the hearing required by the ferc's april 2016 order was held in may 2017. in july 2017 the alj issued an initial decision addressing whether a cap on any reduction due to bandwidth payments was necessary and whether to implement the other adjustments to the calculation methodology. in august 2017 the utility operating companies, the lpsc, the apsc, and ferc staff filed individual briefs on exceptions challenging various aspects of the initial decision. in september 2017 the utility operating companies, the lpsc, the apsc, the mpsc, the city council, and ferc staff filed separate briefs opposing exceptions taken by various parties.
based on testimony previously submitted in the case and its assessment of the april 2016 ferc orders, in the first quarter 2016, entergy arkansas recorded a liability of $87 million, which included interest, for its estimated increased costs and payment to the other utility operating companies, and a deferred fuel regulatory asset of $75
million. following its assessment of the course of the proceedings, including the ferc's denial of rehearing in
323
table of contents entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis november 2017 described above, in the fourth quarter 2017, entergy arkansas recorded an additional liability of $35
million and a regulatory asset of $31 million.
in october 2018 the ferc issued an order addressing the alj's july 2017 initial decision. the ferc reversed the alj's decision to cap the reduction in entergy arkansas's payment to account for the increased bandwidth payments that entergy arkansas made to the other operating companies. the ferc also reversed the alj's decision that grand gulf sales from january through september 2000 should be included in the calculation of entergy arkansas's payment.
the ferc affirmed on other grounds the alj's rejection of the lpsc's claim that certain joint account sales should be accounted for as part of the calculation of entergy arkansas's payment. in november 2018 the lpsc requested rehearing of the ferc's october 2018 decision. in december 2019 the ferc denied the lpsc's request for rehearing.
in january 2020 the lpsc appealed the december 2019 decision to the d.c. circuit.
in december 2018, entergy made a compliance filing in response to the ferc's october 2018 order. the compliance filing provided a final calculation of entergy arkansas's payments to the other utility operating companies, including interest. no protests were filed in response to the december 2018 compliance filing. the december 2018
compliance filing is pending ferc action. refunds and interest in the following amounts were paid by entergy arkansas to the other operating companies in december 2018:
total refunds including interest payment/(receipt)
-in millions principal    interest    total entergy arkansas                                    $68         $67     $135
entergy louisiana                                  -$30        -$29     -$59
entergy mississippi                                -$18        -$18     -$36
entergy new orleans                                 -$3         -$4      -$7
entergy texas                                      -$17        -$16     -$33
entergy arkansas previously recognized a regulatory asset with a balance of $116 million as of december 31, 2018
for a portion of the payments due as a result of this proceeding.
as described above, the ferc's opportunity sales orders have been appealed to the d.c. circuit. in february 2020
all of the appeals were consolidated and in april 2020 the d.c. circuit established a briefing schedule. briefing was completed in september 2020 and oral argument was heard in december 2020.
in february 2019 the lpsc filed a new complaint relating to two issues that were raised in the opportunity sales proceeding, but that, in its october 2018 order, the ferc held were outside the scope of the proceeding. in march
2019, entergy services filed an answer and motion to dismiss the new complaint. in november 2019 the ferc issued an order denying the lpsc's complaint. the order concluded that the settlement agreement approved by the ferc in december 2015 terminating the system agreement barred the lpsc's new complaint. in december 2019 the lpsc requested rehearing of the ferc's november 2019 order, and in july 2020 the ferc issued an order dismissing the lpsc's request for rehearing. in september 2020 the lpsc appealed to the d.c. circuit the ferc's orders dismissing the new opportunity sales complaint. in november 2020 the d.c. circuit issued an order establishing that briefing will occur in january 2021 through april 2021.
in may 2019, entergy arkansas filed an application and supporting testimony with the apsc requesting approval of a special rider tariff to recover the costs of these payments from its retail customers over a 24-month period. the application requested that the apsc approve the rider to take effect within 30 days or, if suspended by the apsc as allowed by commission rule, approve the rider to take effect in the first billing cycle of the first month occurring 30 days after issuance of the apsc's order approving the rider. in june 2019 the apsc suspended
324
table of contents entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis entergy arkansas's tariff and granted entergy arkansas's motion asking the apsc to establish the proceeding as the single designated proceeding in which interested parties may assert claims related to the appropriate retail rate treatment of the ferc's october 2018 order and related ferc orders in the opportunity sales proceeding. in january
2020 the apsc adopted a procedural schedule with a hearing in april 2020. in january 2020 the attorney general and arkansas electric energy consumers, inc. filed a joint motion seeking to dismiss entergy arkansas's application alleging that the apsc, in a prior proceeding, ruled on the issues addressed in the application and determined that entergy arkansas's requested relief violates the filed rate doctrine and the prohibition against retroactive ratemaking. entergy arkansas responded to the joint motion in february 2020 rebutting these arguments, including demonstrating that the claims in this proceeding differ substantially from those the apsc addressed previously and that the payment resulting from a ferc tariff violation for which entergy arkansas seeks retail cost recovery in this proceeding differs materially from the refunds resulting from a ferc tariff amendment that the apsc previously rejected on filed rate doctrine and the retroactive ratemaking grounds. in addition, in january 2020 the attorney general and arkansas electric energy consumers, inc. filed testimony opposing the recovery by entergy arkansas of the opportunity sales payment but also claiming that certain components of the payment should be segregated and refunded to customers. in march 2020, entergy arkansas filed rebuttal testimony.
in july 2020 the apsc issued a decision finding that entergy arkansas's application is not in the public interest.
the order also directed entergy arkansas to refund to its retail customers within 30 days of the order the ferc-
determined over-collection of $13.7 million, plus interest, associated with a recalculated bandwidth remedy. in addition to these primary findings, the order also denied the attorney general's request for entergy arkansas to prepare a compliance filing detailing all of the retail impacts from the opportunity sales and denied a request by the arkansas electric energy consumers to recalculate all costs using the revised responsibility ratio. entergy arkansas filed a motion for temporary stay of the 30-day requirement to allow entergy arkansas a reasonable opportunity to seek rehearing of the apsc order, but in july 2020 the apsc denied entergy arkansas's request for a stay and directed entergy arkansas to refund to its retail customers the component of the total ferc-determined opportunity sales payment that was associated with increased bandwidth remedy payments of $13.7 million, plus interest. the refunds were issued in the august 2020 billing cycle. while the apsc denied entergy arkansas's stay request, entergy arkansas believes its actions were prudent and, therefore, the costs, including the $13.7 million, plus interest, are recoverable. in july 2020, entergy arkansas requested rehearing of the apsc order, which rehearing was denied by the apsc in august 2020. in september 2020, entergy arkansas filed a complaint in the u. s.
district court for the eastern district of arkansas challenging the apsc's order denying entergy arkansas's request to recover the costs of these payments. in october 2020 the apsc filed a motion to dismiss entergy arkansas's complaint, to which entergy arkansas responded. also in december 2020, entergy arkansas and the apsc held a pre-
trial conference, and filed a report with the court in january 2021. the court scheduled a hearing for february 26,
2021 regarding issues addressed in the pre-trial conference report.
net metering legislation an arkansas law was enacted effective july 2019 that, among other things, expands the definition of a "net metering customer" to include two additional types of customers: (1) customers that lease net metering facilities, subject to certain leasing arrangements, and (2) government entities or other entities exempt from state and federal income taxes that enter into a service contract for a net metering facility. the latter provision would allow eligible entities, many of whom are small and large general service customers, to purchase renewable energy directly from third party providers and receive bill credits for these purchases. the apsc was given authority under this law to address certain matters, such as cost shifting and the appropriate compensation for net metered energy and has initiated proceedings for this purpose. because of the size and number of customers eligible under this new law, there is a risk of loss of load and the shifting of costs to customers. a hearing was held in december 2019, with utilities, cooperatives, the arkansas attorney general, industrial customers, and entergy arkansas advocating the need for establishment of a reasonable rate structure that takes into account impacts to non-net metering customers; an additional hearing was conducted in february 2020 for purposes of public comment only. the apsc issued an order in june 2020, and in july 2020 several parties, including entergy arkansas, filed for rehearing on multiple
325
table of contents entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis grounds, including for the reasons that it imposes an unreasonable rate structure and allows facilities to net meter that do not meet the statutory definition of net metering facilities. after granting the rehearing requests, the apsc issued an order in september 2020 largely upholding its june 2020 order. in october 2020, entergy arkansas and several other parties filed an appeal of the apsc's september 2020 order.
separately, as directed by the apsc general staff, the apsc opened a proceeding to compel utilities to amend their net metering tariffs to incorporate the provisions of the legislation that the apsc general staff considered "black letter law." entergy arkansas, the arkansas attorney general, and other intervenors opposed this directive pending the development of the rules for implementation that are being considered in the separate net metering rulemaking docket. nevertheless, reserving its rights, entergy arkansas has complied with the directive to amend its tariffs.
asserting procedural and due process violations, in january 2020, entergy arkansas and the arkansas attorney general separately appealed certain apsc orders in the proceeding.
covid-19 orders in april 2020, in light of the covid-19 pandemic, the apsc issued an order requiring utilities, to the extent they had not already done so, to suspend service disconnections during the remaining pendency of the arkansas governor's emergency declaration or until the apsc rescinds the directive. the order also authorizes utilities to establish a regulatory asset to record costs resulting from the suspension of service disconnections, directs that in future proceedings the apsc will consider whether the request for recovery of these regulatory assets is reasonable and necessary, and requires utilities to track and report the costs and any savings directly attributable to suspension of disconnects. in may 2020 the apsc approved entergy arkansas expanding deferred payment agreements to assist customers during the covid-19 pandemic. quarterly reporting began in august 2020 and the apsc ordered additional reporting in october 2020 regarding utilities' transitional plans for ending the moratorium on service disconnects.
in february 2021 the apsc issued an order finding that it is not in the public interest to immediately lift the moratorium on service disconnects, but to announce a target date of may 3, 2021. in march 2021 the apsc will issue an order either confirming the lifting of the moratorium on service disconnects or extending the moratorium. as of december 31, 2020, entergy arkansas recorded a regulatory asset of $10.5 million for costs associated with the covid-19 pandemic.
federal regulation see the " rate, cost-recovery, and other regulation - federal regulation " section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis and note 2 to the financial statements for a discussion of federal regulation.
nuclear matters entergy arkansas owns and, through an affiliate, operates the ano 1 and ano 2 nuclear power plants. entergy arkansas is, therefore, subject to the risks related to owning and operating nuclear plants. these include risks related to: the use, storage, and handling and disposal of high-level and low-level radioactive materials; the substantial financial requirements, both for capital investments and operational needs, to position entergy's nuclear fleet to meet its operational goals; the performance and capacity factors of these nuclear plants including the financial requirements to address emerging issues like stress corrosion cracking of certain materials within the plant systems; regulatory requirements and potential future regulatory changes, including changes affecting the regulations governing nuclear plant ownership, operations, license amendments, and decommissioning; the availability of interim or permanent sites for the disposal of spent nuclear fuel and nuclear waste, including the fees charged for such disposal; the sufficiency of nuclear decommissioning trust fund assets and earnings to complete decommissioning of each site when required; and limitations on the amounts and types of insurance commercially available for losses in connection with nuclear plant operations and catastrophic events such as a nuclear accident. in the event of an unanticipated early shutdown of either ano 1 or ano 2, entergy arkansas may be required to
326
table of contents entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis file with the apsc a rate mechanism to provide additional funds or credit support to satisfy regulatory requirements for decommissioning. ano 1's operating license expires in 2034 and ano 2's operating license expires in 2038.
environmental risks entergy arkansas's facilities and operations are subject to regulation by various governmental authorities having jurisdiction over air quality, water quality, control of toxic substances and hazardous and solid wastes, and other environmental matters. management believes that entergy arkansas is in substantial compliance with environmental regulations currently applicable to its facilities and operations, with reference to possible exceptions noted in "
regulation of entergy's business - environmental regulation " in part i, item 1. because environmental regulations are subject to change, future compliance costs cannot be precisely estimated.
critical accounting estimates the preparation of entergy arkansas's financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to apply appropriate accounting policies and to make estimates and judgments that can have a significant effect on reported financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. management has identified the following accounting policies and estimates as critical because they are based on assumptions and measurements that involve a high degree of uncertainty, and the potential for future changes in the assumptions and measurements that could produce estimates that would have a material effect on the presentation of entergy arkansas's financial position or results of operations.
in the first quarter 2019, entergy arkansas recorded a revision to its estimated decommissioning cost liabilities for ano 1 and ano 2 as a result of a revised decommissioning cost study. the revised estimates resulted in a $126.2
million increase in its decommissioning cost liabilities, along with corresponding increases in the related asset retirement cost assets that will be depreciated over the remaining lives of the units.
nuclear decommissioning costs see " nuclear decommissioning costs " in the " critical accounting estimates " section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for discussion of the estimates inherent in accounting for nuclear decommissioning costs.
utility regulatory accounting see " utility regulatory accounting " in the " critical accounting estimates " section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for discussion of accounting for the effects of rate regulation.
impairment of long-lived assets see " impairment of long-lived assets " in the " critical accounting estimates " section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for discussion of the estimates associated with the impairment of long-lived assets.
taxation and uncertain tax positions see " taxation and uncertain tax positions " in the " critical accounting estimates " section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for further discussion.
327
table of contents entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis qualified pension and other postretirement benefits entergy arkansas's qualified pension and other postretirement reported costs, as described in note 11 to the financial statements, are impacted by numerous factors including the provisions of the plans, changing employee demographics, and various actuarial calculations, assumptions, and accounting mechanisms. see the " qualified pension and other postretirement benefits " in the " critical accounting estimates " section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for further discussion. because of the complexity of these calculations, the long-term nature of these obligations, and the importance of the assumptions utilized, entergy's estimate of these costs is a critical accounting estimate.
costs and sensitivities the following chart reflects the sensitivity of qualified pension cost and qualified projected benefit obligation to changes in certain actuarial assumptions (dollars in thousands).
impact on 2021 qualified      impact on 2020 qualified actuarial assumption          change in assumption                   pension cost             projected benefit obligation increase/(decrease)
discount rate                 -0.25%                                       $2,406                       $46,791
rate of return on plan        -0.25%                                       $2,914                            $-
assets rate of increase in           0.25%                                        $1,838                        $8,922
compensation the following chart reflects the sensitivity of postretirement benefit cost and accumulated postretirement benefit obligation to changes in certain actuarial assumptions (dollars in thousands).
impact on 2021       impact on 2020 accumulated actuarial assumption      change in assumption     postretirement benefit cost           postretirement benefit obligation increase/(decrease)
discount rate             -0.25%                                          $174                           $6,576
health care cost trend    0.25%                                           $225                           $4,516
each fluctuation above assumes that the other components of the calculation are held constant.
costs and employer contributions total qualified pension cost for entergy arkansas in 2020 was $81.7 million, including $21.1 million in settlement costs. entergy arkansas anticipates 2021 qualified pension cost to be $61.6 million. entergy arkansas contributed
$60 million to its qualified pension plans in 2020 and estimates pension contributions will be approximately $66.6
million in 2021, although the 2021 required pension contributions will be known with more certainty when the january 1, 2021 valuations are completed, which is expected by april 1, 2021.
total other postretirement health care and life insurance benefit income for entergy arkansas in 2020 was $10.1
million. entergy arkansas expects 2021 postretirement health care and life insurance benefit income of approximately $11.1 million. entergy arkansas contributed $2.2 million to its other postretirement plans in 2020
and estimates 2021 contributions will be approximately $517 thousand.
328
table of contents entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis other contingencies see " other contingencies " in the " critical accounting estimates " section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for a discussion of the estimates associated with environmental, litigation, and other risks.
new accounting pronouncements see " new accounting pronouncements " section of note 1 to the financial statements for a discussion of new accounting pronouncements.
329
table of contents report of independent registered public accounting firm to the member and board of directors of entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries opinion on the financial statements we have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries (the
"company") as of december 31, 2020 and 2019, the related consolidated statements of income, cash flows and changes in member's equity (pages 332 through 336 and applicable items in pages 51 through 238), for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2020, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). in our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the company as of december 31, 2020 and 2019, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2020, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america.
basis for opinion these financial statements are the responsibility of the company's management. our responsibility is to express an opinion on the company's financial statements based on our audits. we are a public accounting firm registered with the public company accounting oversight board (united states) (pcaob) and are required to be independent with respect to the company in accordance with the u.s. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the securities and exchange commission and the pcaob.
we conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the pcaob. those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. the company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. as part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the company's internal control over financial reporting. accordingly, we express no such opinion.
our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. we believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
critical audit matter the critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. the communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.
rate and regulatory matters -entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries - refer to note 2 to the financial statements critical audit matter description the company is subject to rate regulation by the arkansas public service commission (the "apsc"), which has jurisdiction with respect to the rates of electric companies in arkansas, and to wholesale rate regulation by the federal energy regulatory commission ("ferc"). management has determined it meets the requirements under accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america to prepare its financial statements applying the specialized rules to account for the effects of cost-based rate regulation. accounting for the economics of rate regulation impacts multiple financial statement line items and disclosures, such as property, plant, and equipment;
330
table of contents regulatory assets and liabilities; income taxes; operating revenues; operation and maintenance expense; and depreciation and amortization expense.
the company's rates are subject to regulatory rate-setting processes and annual earnings oversight. because the apsc and the ferc set the rates the company is allowed to charge customers based on allowable costs, including a reasonable return on equity, the company applies accounting standards that require the financial statements to reflect the effects of rate regulation, including the recording of regulatory assets and liabilities. the company assesses whether the regulatory assets and regulatory liabilities continue to meet the criteria for probable future recovery or settlement at each balance sheet date and when regulatory events occur. this assessment includes consideration of recent rate orders, historical regulatory treatment for similar costs, and factors such as changes in applicable regulatory and political environments. while the company has indicated it expects to recover costs from customers through regulated rates, there is a risk that the apsc and the ferc will not approve: (1) full recovery of the costs of providing utility service, or (2) full recovery of amounts invested in the utility business and a reasonable return on that investment.
we identified the impact of rate regulation as a critical audit matter due to the significant judgments made by management to support its assertions about impacted account balances and disclosures and the high degree of subjectivity involved in assessing the impact of future regulatory orders on the financial statements. management judgments include assessing the likelihood of recovery in future rates of incurred costs, including costs related to the opportunity sales proceeding and refunds to customers. auditing management's judgments regarding the outcome of future decisions by the apsc and the ferc, involved especially subjective judgment and specialized knowledge of accounting for rate regulation and the rate setting process.
how the critical audit matter was addressed in the audit our audit procedures related to the uncertainty of future decisions by the apsc and the ferc included the following, among others:
 we tested the effectiveness of management's controls over the evaluation of the likelihood of (1) the recovery in future rates of costs incurred as property, plant, and equipment and deferred as regulatory assets, and (2) a refund or a future reduction in rates that should be reported as regulatory liabilities. we also tested the effectiveness of management's controls over the initial recognition of amounts as property, plant, and equipment;
regulatory assets or liabilities; and the monitoring and evaluation of regulatory developments that may affect the likelihood of recovering costs in future rates or of a future reduction in rates.
 we evaluated the company's disclosures related to the impacts of rate regulation, including the balances recorded and regulatory developments.
 we read relevant regulatory orders issued by the apsc and the ferc for the company and other public utilities, regulatory statutes, interpretations, procedural memorandums, filings made by intervenors, and other publicly available information to assess the likelihood of recovery in future rates or of a future reduction in rates based on precedents of the apsc's and the ferc's treatment of similar costs under similar circumstances. we evaluated the external information and compared to management's recorded regulatory asset and liability balances for completeness.
 for regulatory matters in process, including the opportunity sales proceeding, we inspected the company's filings with the apsc and the ferc, including the annual formula rate plan filing, and considered the filings with the apsc and the ferc by intervenors that may impact the company's future rates, for any evidence that might contradict management's assertions .
 we obtained an analysis from management and support from internal and external legal counsel, as appropriate, regarding probability of recovery for regulatory assets or refund or future reduction in rates for regulatory liabilities not yet addressed in a regulatory order, including the opportunity sales proceeding, to assess management's assertion that amounts are probable of recovery or a future reduction in rates.
/s/ deloitte & touche llp new orleans, louisiana february 26, 2021
we have served as the company's auditor since 2001.
331
table of contents entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries consolidated income statements for the years ended december 31,
2020          2019          2018
-in thousands operating revenues electric                                                          $2,084,494    $2,259,594    $2,060,643
operating expenses operation and maintenance:
fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas                                 271,896       458,907       517,245
purchased for resale purchased power                                                      187,690       204,640       252,390
nuclear refueling outage expenses                                     55,737        68,769        77,915
other operation and maintenance                                      669,518       720,217       724,831
decommissioning                                                       73,319        68,030        60,420
taxes other than income taxes                                        121,057       115,869       104,771
depreciation and amortization                                        338,029       307,351       292,649
other regulatory credits - net                                       -35,310       -11,186       -14,807
total                                                              1,681,936     1,932,597     2,015,414
operating income                                                     402,558       326,997        45,229
other income allowance for equity funds used during                                15,019        15,499        16,557
construction interest and investment income                                        35,579        26,020        25,406
miscellaneous - net                                                  -21,908       -18,566       -14,874
total                                                                 28,690        22,953        27,089
interest expense interest expense                                                     144,834       140,087       124,459
allowance for borrowed funds used during                              -6,595        -6,332        -7,781
construction total                                                                138,239       133,755       116,678
income (loss) before income taxes                                    293,009       216,195       -44,360
income taxes                                                          47,777       -46,769      -297,067
net income                                                           245,232       262,964       252,707
preferred dividend requirements                                            -             -         1,249
earnings applicable to common equity                                $245,232      $262,964      $251,458
see notes to financial statements.
332
table of contents entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries consolidated statements of cash flows for the years ended december 31,
2020        2019        2018
-in thousands operating activities net income                                                          $245,232    $262,964    $252,707
adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flow provided by operating activities:
depreciation, amortization, and decommissioning, including nuclear fuel                              490,457     465,299     443,698
amortization deferred income taxes, investment tax                                 87,019      94,368     129,524
credits, and non-current taxes accrued changes in assets and liabilities:
receivables                                                          -24,507     -58,077       4,294
fuel inventory                                                       -10,066     -10,597       6,210
accounts payable                                                     -22,773       3,059    -126,405
prepaid taxes and taxes accrued                                            6      24,942       9,568
interest accrued                                                         -43       3,895         678
deferred fuel costs                                                   -1,186      72,560      43,869
other working capital accounts                                       -11,061      18,783     -30,118
provisions for estimated losses                                        6,289      14,901      14,250
other regulatory assets                                             -165,534    -131,873      32,460
other regulatory liabilities                                         106,878      39,293    -341,682
pension and other postretirement                                      42,576       5,831     -40,157
liabilities other assets and liabilities                                         -83,469    -127,582    -187,071
net cash flow provided by operating                                  659,818     677,766     211,825
activities investing activities construction expenditures                                           -775,595    -641,525    -660,044
allowance for equity funds used during                                15,019      15,306      17,013
construction nuclear fuel purchases                                              -100,678     -54,344     -99,417
proceeds from sale of nuclear fuel                                    30,638      22,782      54,810
proceeds from nuclear decommissioning                                321,360     317,377     300,801
trust fund sales investment in nuclear decommissioning                               -336,392    -336,519    -315,163
trust funds payment for purchase of assets                                        -5,988           -           -
changes in money pool receivable - net                                -3,110           -           -
litigation proceeds for reimbursement of                              55,001           -           -
spent nuclear fuel storage costs insurance proceeds                                                         -           -      14,790
other                                                                  4,036         630      -1,517
net cash flow used in investing                                     -795,709    -676,293    -688,727
activities financing activities proceeds from the issuance of long-term                            1,071,121     834,038     958,434
debt retirement of long-term debt                                        -632,175    -548,952    -690,488
capital contribution from parent                                           -           -     350,000
redemption of preferred stock                                              -           -     -32,660
change in money pool payable - net                                   -21,634    -161,104      16,601
changes in short-term borrowings - net                                     -           -     -49,974
distributions/dividends paid:
common equity                                                        -95,000    -115,000     -91,751
preferred stock                                                            -           -      -1,606
other                                                                  2,188      -7,055      12,249
net cash flow provided by financing                                  324,500       1,927     470,805
activities net increase (decrease) in cash and cash                             188,609       3,400      -6,097
equivalents cash and cash equivalents at beginning                                 3,519         119       6,216
of period cash and cash equivalents at end of                                 $192,128      $3,519        $119
period supplemental disclosure of cash flow information:
cash paid (received) during the period for:
interest - net of amount capitalized                                $140,735    $131,134    $118,731
income taxes                                                        -$21,971    -$33,989     $44,393
see notes to financial statements.
333
table of contents entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries consolidated balance sheets assets december 31,
2020           2019
-in thousands current assets cash and cash equivalents:
cash                                              $24,108         $3,519
temporary cash investments                        168,020              -
total cash and cash equivalents                   192,128          3,519
securitization recovery trust account                   -          4,036
accounts receivable:
customer                                          183,719        117,679
allowance for doubtful accounts                   -18,334         -1,169
associated companies                               34,216         29,178
other                                              35,845        117,653
accrued unbilled revenues                         109,000        108,489
total accounts receivable                         344,446        371,830
fuel inventory - at average cost                   43,811         33,745
materials and supplies - at average cost          237,640        211,320
deferred nuclear refueling outage costs            32,692         48,875
prepayments and other                              13,296         14,096
total                                             864,013        687,421
other property and investments decommissioning trust funds                     1,273,921      1,101,283
other                                                 341            345
total                                           1,274,262      1,101,628
utility plant electric                                       12,905,322     12,293,483
construction work in progress                     234,213        197,775
nuclear fuel                                      163,044        195,547
total utility plant                            13,302,579     12,686,805
less - accumulated depreciation and             5,255,355      5,019,826
amortization utility plant - net                             8,047,224      7,666,979
deferred debits and other assets regulatory assets:
other regulatory assets (includes securitization property of $-as of              1,832,384      1,666,850
december 31, 2020 and $1,706as of december 31, 2019)
deferred fuel costs                                68,220         67,690
other                                              14,028         15,065
total                                           1,914,632      1,749,605
total assets                                  $12,100,131    $11,205,633
see notes to financial statements.
334
table of contents entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries consolidated balance sheets liabilities and equity december 31,
2020           2019
-in thousands current liabilities currently maturing long-term debt               $485,000             $-
accounts payable:
associated companies                              59,448        111,785
other                                            208,591        202,201
customer deposits                                 98,506        101,411
taxes accrued                                     81,837         81,831
interest accrued                                  22,745         22,788
deferred fuel costs                               53,065         53,721
current portion of unprotected excess                  -          9,296
accumulated deferred income taxes other                                             40,628         38,760
total                                          1,049,820        621,793
non-current liabilities accumulated deferred income taxes and          1,286,123      1,183,126
taxes accrued accumulated deferred investment tax               30,500         31,701
credits regulatory liability for income taxes -          467,031        478,174
net other regulatory liabilities                     686,872        559,555
decommissioning                                1,314,160      1,242,616
accumulated provisions                            70,169         63,880
pension and other postretirement                 361,682        319,075
liabilities long-term debt (includes securitization bonds of $-as of december 31, 2020 and         3,482,507      3,517,208
$6,772as of december 31, 2019)
other                                             75,098         62,568
total                                          7,774,142      7,457,903
commitments and contingencies equity member's equity                                3,276,169      3,125,937
total                                          3,276,169      3,125,937
total liabilities and equity                 $12,100,131    $11,205,633
see notes to financial statements.
335
table of contents entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries consolidated statements of changes in member's equity for the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019, and 2018

member's equity
-in thousands balance at december 31, 2017                                  $2,376,754
net income                                                       252,707
capital contributions from parent                                350,000
common equity distributions                                      -91,751
non-cash contribution from parent                                 94,335
preferred stock dividends                                         -1,249
other                                                              2,307
balance at december 31, 2018                                  $2,983,103
net income                                                       262,964
common equity distributions                                     -115,000
other                                                             -5,130
balance at december 31, 2019                                  $3,125,937
net income                                                       245,232
common equity distributions                                      -95,000
balance at december 31, 2020                                  $3,276,169
see notes to financial statements.
336
table of contents entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries selected financial data -
five-year comparison
2020           2019           2018           2017          2016
-in thousands operating revenues                        $2,084,494     $2,259,594     $2,060,643     $2,139,919    $2,086,608
net income                                  $245,232       $262,964       $252,707       $139,844      $167,212
total assets                             $12,100,131    $11,205,633    $10,401,596    $10,134,029    $9,606,117
long-term obligations (a)                 $3,482,507     $3,517,208     $3,225,759     $2,983,749    $2,746,435
(a) includes long-term debt
(excluding currently maturing debt) and preferred stock without sinking fund.
2020           2019           2018           2017          2016
-dollars in millions electric operating revenues:
residential                                     $841           $795           $807           $768          $789
commercial                                       466            539            426            495           495
industrial                                       462            521            434            472           446
governmental                                      18             21             17             19            18
total billed retail                            1,787          1,876          1,684          1,754         1,748
sales for resale:
associated companies                             105            118            104            128            49
non-associated companies                          68            140            145            121           118
other                                            124            126            128            137           172
total                                         $2,084         $2,260         $2,061         $2,140        $2,087
billed electric energy sales
(gwh):
residential                                    7,584          7,996          8,248          7,298         7,618
commercial                                     5,356          5,822          5,967          5,825         5,988
industrial                                     7,586          7,759          8,071          7,528         6,795
governmental                                     223            241            239            237           237
total retail                                  20,749         21,818         22,525         20,888        20,638
sales for resale:
associated companies                           1,659          2,180          1,773          1,782         1,609
non-associated companies                       4,198          7,206          6,447          6,549         7,115
total                                         26,606         31,204         30,745         29,219        29,362
337
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis the covid-19 pandemic see " the covid-19 pandemic " section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for a discussion of the covid-19 pandemic.
hurricane laura, hurricane delta, and hurricane zeta in august 2020 and october 2020, hurricane laura, hurricane delta, and hurricane zeta caused significant damage to portions of entergy louisiana's service area. the storms resulted in widespread outages, significant damage to distribution and transmission infrastructure, and the loss of sales during the outages. additionally, as a result of hurricane laura's extensive damage to the grid infrastructure serving the impacted area, large portions of the underlying transmission system required nearly a complete rebuild. total restoration costs for the repair and/or replacement of entergy louisiana's electric facilities damaged by hurricane laura, hurricane delta, and hurricane zeta are currently estimated to be approximately $2.0 billion, including approximately $1.67 billion in capital costs and approximately $330 million in non-capital costs. this estimate includes all costs to restore power and repair or replace the damages from the hurricanes, except for the cost to repair or replace damage incurred to an entergy louisiana transmission line in southeast louisiana, and the amount of that cost could be significant. the restoration plan for this transmission line and the related cost estimate is still being evaluated. also, entergy louisiana's revenues were adversely affected in 2020, primarily due to power outages resulting from the hurricanes.
entergy louisiana is considering all reasonable avenues to recover storm-related costs from hurricane laura, hurricane delta, and hurricane zeta, including securitization. storm cost recovery or financing will be subject to review by applicable regulatory authorities.
entergy louisiana recorded accounts payable and corresponding construction work in progress and regulatory assets for the estimated costs incurred that were necessary to return customers to service. entergy louisiana recorded the regulatory assets in accordance with its accounting policies and based on the historic treatment of such costs in its service area because management believes that recovery through some form of regulatory mechanism is probable.
there are well established mechanisms and precedent for addressing these catastrophic events and providing for recovery of prudently incurred storm costs in accordance with applicable regulatory and legal principles. because entergy louisiana has not gone through the regulatory process regarding these storm costs, there is an element of risk, and entergy is unable to predict with certainty the degree of success it may have in its recovery initiatives, the amount of restoration costs that it may ultimately recover, or the timing of such recovery.
in october 2020, entergy louisiana filed an application at the lpsc seeking approval of certain ratemaking adjustments to facilitate issuance of shorter-term bonds to provide interim financing for restoration costs associated with hurricane laura, hurricane delta, and hurricane zeta. subsequently, entergy louisiana and the lpsc staff filed a joint motion seeking approval to exclude from the derivation of entergy louisiana's capital structure and cost rate of debt for ratemaking purposes, including the allowance for funds used during construction, shorter-
term debt up to $1.1 billion issued by entergy louisiana to fund costs associated with hurricane laura, hurricane delta, and hurricane zeta costs on an interim basis. in november 2020 the lpsc issued an order approving the joint motion, and entergy louisiana issued $1.1 billion of 0.62% series mortgage bonds due november 2023. also in november 2020, entergy louisiana drew $257 million from its funded storm reserves.
in december 2020, entergy louisiana provided the lpsc with notification that it intends to initiate a storm cost recovery proceeding in the near future, which will permit the lpsc to retain any outside consultants and counsel needed to review the storm cost recovery application. in february 2021 the lpsc voted to retain outside counsel and consultants to assist in the review of entergy louisiana's upcoming storm cost recovery application, which is expected to be filed in march 2021.
338
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis february 2021 winter storms see the " february 2021 winter storms " section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for a discussion of the february 2021 winter storms. entergy louisiana's preliminary estimate for the cost of mobilizing crews and restoring power is approximately $50 million to $60 million. natural gas purchases for entergy louisiana for february 1st through 25th, 2021 are approximately $190 million compared to natural gas purchases for february 2020 of $39 million.
results of operations
2020 compared to 2019
net income net income increased $390.8 million primarily due to the $382.8 million reduction in deferred income tax expense related to the basis of assets contributed in the 2015 entergy louisiana and entergy gulf states louisiana business combination as a result of the resolution of the 2014-2015 irs audit in the fourth quarter 2020 and the $58 million reduction in income tax expense resulting from an irs settlement in the first quarter 2020 related to the uncertain tax position regarding the hurricane isaac louisiana act 55 financing, which also resulted in a $29 million ($21
million net-of-tax) regulatory charge to reflect entergy louisiana's agreement to share the savings with customers.
also contributing to the increase were higher retail electric price, lower other operation and maintenance expenses, and a lower effective income tax rate. the increase was partially offset by higher depreciation and amortization expenses, lower volume/weather, lower other income, higher interest expense, and higher taxes other than income taxes. see note 3 to the financial statements for further discussion of the tax audit resolution and the tax settlement.
operating revenues following is an analysis of the change in operating revenues comparing 2020 to 2019:
amount
-in millions
2019 operating revenues                                  $4,285.2
fuel, rider, and other revenues that do not                -330.3
significantly affect net income volume/weather                                              -68.8
return of unprotected excess accumulated deferred             7.5
income taxes to customers retail electric price                                       176.3
2020 operating revenues                                  $4,069.9
entergy louisiana's results include revenues from rate mechanisms designed to recover fuel, purchased power, and other costs such that the revenues and expenses associated with these items generally offset and do not affect net income. "fuel, rider, and other revenues that do not significantly affect net income" includes the revenue variance associated with these items.
the volume/weather variance is primarily due to decreased commercial and industrial usage as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, the effects of hurricane laura, hurricane delta, and hurricane zeta on sales, and the effect of less favorable weather on residential sales, partially offset by increased residential usage as a result of the covid-19 pandemic. the decrease in industrial usage is partially offset by an increase in demand from expansion projects, primarily in the transportation and chemicals industries. see " the covid-19 pandemic " section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for discussion of the
339
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis covid-19 pandemic. see " hurricane laura, hurricane delta, and hurricane zeta " above for discussion of the storms.
the return of unprotected excess accumulated deferred income taxes to customers resulted from the return of unprotected excess accumulated deferred income taxes through changes in the formula rate plan effective may 2018.
in 2020, $31.1 million was returned to customers as compared to $38.6 million in 2019. there was no effect on net income as the reduction in operating revenues was offset by a reduction in income tax expense. see note 2 to the financial statements for further discussion of regulatory activity regarding the tax cuts and jobs act.
the retail electric price variance is primarily due to an increase in formula rate plan revenues effective june
2019 due to the inclusion of the first-year revenue requirement for the j. wayne leonard power station (formerly st. charles power station) and effective april 2020 due to the inclusion of the first-year revenue requirement for the lake charles power station and increases in formula rate plan revenues effective september 2019 and september
2020. see note 2 to the financial statements for further discussion of the formula rate plan proceedings.
other income statement variances other operation and maintenance expenses decreased primarily due to:
 a decrease of $10.2 million in nuclear generation expenses primarily due to a lower scope of work performed in
2020 as compared to 2019, in part as a result of the covid-19 pandemic;
 a decrease of $9.5 million primarily due to contract costs in 2019 related to initiatives to explore new customer products and services;
 a decrease of $6.8 million in loss provisions;
 higher nuclear insurance refunds of $5.9 million;
 a decrease of $5.8 million in energy efficiency costs due to the timing of recovery from customers; and
 a decrease of $4.3 million in non-nuclear generation expenses primarily due to a lower scope of work performed during plant outages in 2020 as compared to the same period in 2019, partially offset by increases resulting from the j. wayne leonard power station (formerly st. charles power station) and the lake charles power station being placed in service.
the decrease was partially offset by:
 an increase of $4.1 million in compensation and benefits costs primarily due to an increase in net periodic pension and other postretirement benefits costs as a result of a decrease in the discount rate used to value the benefit liabilities. see " critical accounting estimates " below and note 11 to the financial statements for further discussion of pension and other postretirement benefit costs; and
 several individually insignificant items.
taxes other than income taxes increased primarily due to increases in ad valorem taxes resulting from higher property assessments.
depreciation and amortization expenses increased primarily due to additions to plant in service, including the j.
wayne leonard power station (formerly st. charles power station), which was placed into service in may 2019 and the lake charles power station, which was placed in service in march 2020.
other regulatory charges (credits) include regulatory charges of $32.6 million recorded in the fourth quarter 2020
due to a settlement with the irs related to the uncertain tax position regarding hurricane katrina and hurricane rita louisiana act 55 financing because the savings will be shared with customers and $29 million recorded in the first quarter 2020 due to a settlement with the irs related to the uncertain tax position regarding hurricane isaac louisiana act 55 financing because the savings will be shared with customers. see note 3 to the financial statements for further discussion of the settlements and savings obligations.
340
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis other income decreased primarily due to:
 a decrease in the allowance for equity funds used during construction due to higher construction work in progress in 2019, including the j. wayne leonard power station (formerly st. charles power station) and the lake charles power station projects; and
 changes in decommissioning trust fund activity.
interest expense increased primarily due to:
 the issuances of $300 million of 4.20% series mortgage bonds and $350 million of 2.90% series mortgage bonds, each in march 2020;
 the issuance of $525 million of 4.20% series mortgage bonds in march 2019; and
 a decrease in the allowance for borrowed funds used during construction due to higher construction work in progress in 2019, including the j. wayne leonard power station (formerly st. charles power station) and lake charles power station projects.
the effective income tax rates were (54.6%) for 2020 and 15% for 2019. the difference in the effective income tax rate versus the federal statutory rate of 21% for 2020 was primarily due to completion of the 2014-2015 irs audit effectively settling the tax positions for those years. the difference in the effective income tax rate versus the federal statutory rate of 21% for 2019 was primarily due to the amortization of excess accumulated deferred income taxes. see notes 2 and 3 to the financial statements for a discussion of the effects and regulatory activity regarding the tax cuts and jobs act. see note 3 to the financial statements for a reconciliation of the federal statutory rates of 21% to the effective income tax rates.
2019 compared to 2018
see " management's financial discussion and analysis - results of operations " in item 7 of entergy louisiana's annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2019, filed with the sec on february 21, 2020, for discussion of results of operations for 2019 compared to 2018.
liquidity and capital resources cash flow cash flows for the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019, and 2018 were as follows:
2020          2019          2018
-in thousands cash and cash equivalents at beginning             $2,006       $43,364       $35,907
of period net cash provided by (used in):
operating activities                            1,072,986     1,236,002     1,395,204
investing activities                           -1,944,671    -1,653,634    -1,878,208
financing activities                            1,597,699       376,274       490,461
net increase (decrease) in cash and cash          726,014       -41,358         7,457
equivalents cash and cash equivalents at end of              $728,020        $2,006       $43,364
period
341
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis
2020 compared to 2019
operating activities net cash flow provided by operating activities decreased $163 million in 2020 primarily due to:
 an increase of $186.1 million in storm spending in 2020, primarily due to hurricane laura, hurricane delta, and hurricane zeta restoration efforts. see " hurricane laura, hurricane delta, and hurricane zeta " above for discussion of storm restoration efforts;
 lower collections of receivables from customers, in part due to the covid-19 pandemic;
 the timing of recovery of fuel and purchased power costs; and
 an increase of $21.5 million in interest paid.
the decrease was partially offset by:
 a decrease in $43.7 million in spending on nuclear refueling outages;
 the timing of payments to vendors; and
 income tax refunds of $14.7 million in 2020 compared to $15.3 million in income tax payments in 2019. entergy louisiana had income tax refunds in 2020 and income tax payments in 2019 in accordance with an intercompany tax allocation agreement. entergy louisiana had income tax refunds in 2020 as a result of a refund of an overpayment on a prior year state income tax return.
investing activities net cash flow used in investing activities increased $291 million in 2020 primarily due to:
 an increase of $709.7 million in storm spending 2020, primarily due to hurricane laura, hurricane delta, and hurricane zeta restoration efforts, see " hurricane laura, hurricane delta, and hurricane zeta " above for discussion of storm restoration efforts;
 the purchase of washington parish energy center in november 2020 for approximately $222 million. see note 14 to the financial statements for further discussion of the washington parish energy center purchase;
 an increase of $16.7 million in distribution construction expenditures primarily due to investment in the reliability and infrastructure of entergy louisiana's distribution system, including increased spending on advanced metering infrastructure; and
 money pool activity.
the increase was partially offset by:
 an increase of $302.2 million in net receipts from storm reserve escrow accounts;
 a decrease of $207.8 million in non-nuclear generation construction expenditures due to higher spending in 2019
on the lake charles power station and j. wayne leonard power station (formerly st. charles power station) projects;
 a decrease of $133.1 million in transmission construction expenditures primarily due to a lower scope of work performed on various projects in 2020 as compared to 2019;
 a decrease of $89.5 million in nuclear construction expenditures primarily due to a lower scope of work performed on various nuclear projects in 2020 as compared to 2019; and
 a decrease of $26.1 million as a result of fluctuations in nuclear fuel activity because of variations from year to year in the timing and pricing of fuel reload requirements in the utility business, material, and service deliveries, and the timing of cash payments during the nuclear fuel cycle.
increases in entergy louisiana's receivable from the money pool are a use of cash flow, and entergy louisiana's receivable from the money pool increased by $13.4 million in 2020 compared to decreasing by $46.8
342
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis million in 2019. the money pool is an inter-company borrowing arrangement designed to reduce the utility subsidiaries' need for external short-term borrowings.
financing activities net cash flow provided by financing activities increased $1,221.4 million in 2020 primarily due to:
 the issuance of $1.1 billion of 0.62% series mortgage bonds in november 2020;
 the issuance of $350 million of 2.90% series mortgage bonds and $300 million of 4.20% series mortgage bonds, each in march 2020;
 the issuance of $300 million of 2.90% series mortgage bonds and $300 million of 1.60% series mortgage bonds, each in november 2020; and
 a decrease of $186.5 million in common equity distributions in 2020 primarily due to upcoming capital expenditures.
the increase was partially offset by:
 the issuance of $525 million of 4.20% series mortgage bonds in march 2019;
 the repayment in august 2020 of $250 million of 3.95% series mortgage bonds due october 2020;
 the repayment in december 2020 of $200 million of 5.25% series mortgage bonds due july 2052;
 money pool activity;
 the repayment in december 2020 of $100 million of 4.70% series mortgage bonds due june 2063; and
 net repayments of long-term borrowings of $62 million in 2020 on the nuclear fuel company variable interest entities' credit facilities.
decreases in entergy louisiana's payable to the money pool are a use of cash flow, and entergy louisiana's payable to the money pool decreased by $82.8 million in 2020 compared to increasing by $82.8 million in 2019.
see note 5 to the financial statements for details of long-term debt.
2019 compared to 2018
see " management's financial discussion and analysis - liquidity and capital resources - cash flow " in item 7 of entergy louisiana's annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2019, filed with the sec on february
21, 2020, for discussion of operating, investing, and financing cash flow activities for 2019 compared to 2018.
capital structure entergy louisiana's debt to capital ratio is shown in the following table. the increase in the debt to capital ratio for entergy louisiana is primarily due to the net issuances of long-term debt in 2020.
december 31,        december 31,
2020                2019

debt to capital                                     54.8  %             53.4  %
effect of excluding securitization bonds             0.0  %             (0.1  %)
debt to capital, excluding                          54.8  %             53.3  %
securitization bonds (a)
effect of subtracting cash                          (2.1  %)            (0.1  %)
net debt to net capital, excluding                  52.7  %             53.2  %
securitization bonds (a)
343
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis
(a) calculation excludes the securitization bonds, which are non-recourse to entergy louisiana.
net debt consists of debt less cash and cash equivalents. debt consists of short-term borrowings, finance lease obligations, and long-term debt, including the currently maturing portion. capital consists of debt and common equity. net capital consists of capital less cash and cash equivalents. entergy louisiana uses the debt to capital ratios excluding securitization bonds in analyzing its financial condition and believes they provide useful information to its investors and creditors in evaluating entergy louisiana's financial condition because the securitization bonds are non-recourse to entergy louisiana, as more fully described in note 5 to the financial statements. entergy louisiana also uses the net debt to net capital ratio excluding securitization bonds in analyzing its financial condition and believes it provides useful information to its investors and creditors in evaluating entergy louisiana's financial condition because net debt indicates entergy louisiana's outstanding debt position that could not be readily satisfied by cash and cash equivalents on hand.
entergy louisiana seeks to optimize its capital structure in accordance with its regulatory requirements and to control its cost of capital while also maintaining equity capitalization at a level consistent with investment-
grade debt ratings. to the extent that operating cash flows are in excess of planned investments, cash may be used to reduce outstanding debt or may be paid as a distribution, or both, in appropriate amounts to maintain the capital structure. to the extent that operating cash flows are insufficient to support planned investments, entergy louisiana may issue incremental debt or reduce distributions, or both, to maintain its capital structure. in addition, in certain infrequent circumstances, such as financing of large transactions that would materially alter the capital structure if financed entirely with debt and reducing distributions, entergy louisiana may receive equity contributions to maintain its capital structure.
uses of capital entergy louisiana requires capital resources for:
 construction and other capital investments;
 debt maturities or retirements;
 working capital purposes, including the financing of fuel and purchased power costs; and
 distribution and interest payments.
following are the amounts of entergy louisiana's planned construction and other capital investments.
2021      2022      2023
-in millions planned construction and capital investment:
generation                                  $365      $460      $785
transmission                                 425       340       230
distribution                                 540       485       500
utility support                              160       130       115
total                                     $1,490    $1,415    $1,630
in addition to the planned spending in the table above, entergy louisiana also expects to pay for $845 million of capital investments in 2021 related to hurricane laura, hurricane delta, and hurricane zeta restoration work that have been accrued as of december 31, 2020.
344
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis following are the amounts of entergy louisiana's existing debt and lease obligations (includes estimated interest payments) and other purchase obligations.
2021    2022-2023    2024-2025    after 2025      total
-in millions long-term debt (a)                  $557       $2,294       $1,495        $9,506    $13,852
operating leases (b)                 $13          $19          $10            $4        $46
finance leases (b)                    $4           $7           $4            $2        $17
purchase obligations (c)            $687       $1,463       $1,472        $4,838     $8,460
(a) includes estimated interest payments. long-term debt is discussed in note 5 to the financial statements.
(b) lease obligations are discussed in note 10 to the financial statements.
(c) purchase obligations represent the minimum purchase obligation or cancellation charge for contractual obligations to purchase goods or services. for entergy louisiana, almost all of the total consists of unconditional fuel and purchased power obligations, including its obligations under the vidalia purchased power agreement and the unit power sales agreement, both of which are discussed in note 8 to the financial statements.
in addition to the contractual obligations given above, entergy louisiana currently expects to contribute approximately $59.9 million to its qualified pension plans and approximately $15.6 million to its other postretirement health care and life insurance plans in 2021, although the 2021 required pension contributions will be known with more certainty when the january 1, 2021 valuations are completed, which is expected by april 1, 2021.
see " critical accounting estimates - qualified pension and other postretirement benefits " below for a discussion of qualified pension and other postretirement benefits funding.
in addition to routine capital spending to maintain operations, the planned capital investment estimate for entergy louisiana includes specific investments such as transmission projects to enhance reliability, reduce congestion, and enable economic growth; distribution spending to maintain reliability and improve service to customers, including advanced meters and related investments; resource planning, including potential generation and renewables projects; system improvements; investments in river bend and waterford 3; software and security; and other investments. estimated capital expenditures are subject to periodic review and modification and may vary based on the ongoing effects of regulatory constraints and requirements, environmental compliance, business opportunities, market volatility, economic trends, business restructuring, changes in project plans, and the ability to access capital.
as a wholly-owned subsidiary of entergy utility holding company, llc, entergy louisiana pays distributions from its earnings at a percentage determined monthly.
sources of capital entergy louisiana's sources to meet its capital requirements include:
 internally generated funds;
 cash on hand;
 storm reserve escrow accounts;
 debt or preferred membership interest issuances, including debt issuances to refund or retire currently outstanding or maturing indebtedness;
 capital contributions; and
 bank financing under new or existing facilities.
entergy louisiana may refinance, redeem, or otherwise retire debt prior to maturity, to the extent market conditions and interest rates are favorable.
345
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis all debt and common and preferred membership interest issuances by entergy louisiana require prior regulatory approval. debt issuances are also subject to issuance tests set forth in its bond indentures and other agreements.
entergy louisiana has sufficient capacity under these tests to meet its foreseeable capital needs.
entergy louisiana's receivables from or (payables to) the money pool were as follows as of december 31 for each of the following years.
2020                  2019       2018       2017
(in thousands)
$13,426           -$82,826    $46,843    $11,173
see note 4 to the financial statements for a description of the money pool.
entergy louisiana has a credit facility in the amount of $350 million scheduled to expire in september 2024. the credit facility includes fronting commitments for the issuance of letters of credit against $15 million of the borrowing capacity of the facility. as of december 31, 2020, there were no cash borrowings and no letters of credit outstanding under the credit facility. in addition, entergy louisiana is a party to an uncommitted letter of credit facility as a means to post collateral to support its obligations to miso. as of december 31, 2020, $2.2 million in letters of credit were outstanding under entergy louisiana's uncommitted letter of credit facility. see note 4 to the financial statements for additional discussion of the credit facilities.
the entergy louisiana nuclear fuel company variable interest entities have two separate credit facilities, each in the amount of $105 million and scheduled to expire in september 2022. as of december 31, 2020, $18.9 million of loans were outstanding under the credit facility for the entergy louisiana river bend nuclear fuel company variable interest entity. as of december 31, 2020, $39.3 million in loans were outstanding under the entergy louisiana waterford nuclear fuel company variable interest entity credit facility. see note 4 to the financial statements for additional discussion of the nuclear fuel company variable interest entity credit facilities.
entergy louisiana obtained authorizations from the ferc through july 2022 for the following:
 short-term borrowings not to exceed an aggregate amount of $450 million at any time outstanding;
 long-term borrowings and security issuances; and
 borrowings by its nuclear fuel company variable interest entities.
see note 4 to the financial statements for further discussion of entergy louisiana's short-term borrowing limits.
hurricane isaac in june 2014 the lpsc voted to approve a series of orders which (i) quantified $290.8 million of hurricane isaac system restoration costs as prudently incurred; (ii) determined $290 million as the level of storm reserves to be re-established; (iii) authorized entergy louisiana to utilize louisiana act 55 financing for hurricane isaac system restoration costs; and (iv) granted other requested relief associated with storm reserves and act 55 financing of hurricane isaac system restoration costs. entergy louisiana committed to pass on to customers a minimum of $30.8
million of customer benefits through annual customer credits of approximately $6.2 million for five years.
approvals for the act 55 financings were obtained from the louisiana utilities restoration corporation and the louisiana state bond commission. see note 2 to the financial statements for a discussion of the august 2014
issuance of bonds under act 55 of the louisiana legislature.
little gypsy repowering project in april 2007, entergy louisiana announced that it intended to pursue the solid fuel repowering of a 538 mw unit at its little gypsy plant. in march 2009 the lpsc voted in favor of a motion directing entergy louisiana
346
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis to temporarily suspend the repowering project and, based upon an analysis of the project's economic viability, to make a recommendation regarding whether to proceed with the project. this action was based upon a number of factors including the recent decline in natural gas prices, as well as environmental concerns, the unknown costs of carbon legislation and changes in the capital/financial markets. in april 2009, entergy louisiana complied with the lpsc's directive and recommended that the project be suspended for an extended period of time of three years or more. in may 2009 the lpsc issued an order declaring that entergy louisiana's decision to place the little gypsy project into a longer-term suspension of three years or more is in the public interest and prudent.
in october 2009, entergy louisiana made a filing with the lpsc seeking permission to cancel the little gypsy repowering project and seeking project cost recovery over a five-year period. in june 2010 and august 2010, the lpsc staff and intervenors filed testimony. the lpsc staff (1) agreed that it was prudent to move the project from long-term suspension to cancellation and that the timing of the decision to suspend on a longer-term basis was not imprudent; (2) indicated that, except for $0.8 million in compensation-related costs, the costs incurred should be deemed prudent; (3) recommended recovery from customers over ten years but stated that the lpsc may want to consider 15 years; (4) allowed for recovery of carrying costs and earning a return on project costs, but at a reduced rate approximating the cost of debt, while also acknowledging that the lpsc may consider ordering no return; and (5) indicated that entergy louisiana should be directed to securitize project costs, if legally feasible and in the public interest. in the third quarter 2010, in accordance with accounting standards, entergy louisiana determined that it was probable that the little gypsy repowering project would be abandoned and accordingly reclassified $199.8 million of project costs from construction work in progress to a regulatory asset.
a hearing on the issues, except for cost allocation among customer classes, was held before the alj in november
2010. in january 2011 all parties participated in a mediation on the disputed issues, resulting in a settlement of all disputed issues, including cost recovery and cost allocation. the settlement provides for entergy louisiana to recover $200 million as of march 31, 2011, and carrying costs on that amount on specified terms thereafter. the settlement also provides for entergy louisiana to recover the approved project costs by securitization. in april
2011, entergy louisiana filed an application with the lpsc to authorize the securitization of the investment recovery costs associated with the project and to issue a financing order by which entergy louisiana could accomplish such securitization. in august 2011 the lpsc issued an order approving the settlement and also issued a financing order for the securitization. see note 5 to the financial statements for a discussion of the september
2011 issuance of the securitization bonds.
state and local rate regulation and fuel-cost recovery the rates that entergy louisiana charges for its services significantly influence its financial position, results of operations, and liquidity. entergy louisiana is regulated and the rates charged to its customers are determined in regulatory proceedings. a governmental agency, the lpsc, is primarily responsible for approval of the rates charged to customers.
retail rates - electric filings with the lpsc
2017 formula rate plan filing in june 2018, entergy louisiana filed its formula rate plan evaluation report for its 2017 calendar year operations. the 2017 test year evaluation report produced an earned return on equity of 8.16%, due in large part to revenue-neutral realignments to other recovery mechanisms. without these realignments, the evaluation report produces an earned return on equity of 9.88% and a resulting base rider formula rate plan revenue increase of $4.8
million. excluding the tax act credits provided for by the tax reform adjustment mechanisms, total formula rate plan revenues were further increased by a total of $98 million as a result of the evaluation report due to adjustments to the additional capacity and miso cost recovery mechanisms of the formula rate plan, and implementation of the transmission recovery mechanism. in august 2018, entergy louisiana filed a supplemental formula rate plan
347
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis evaluation report to reflect changes from the 2016 test year formula rate plan proceedings, a decrease to the transmission recovery mechanism to reflect lower actual capital additions, and a decrease to evaluation period expenses to reflect the terms of a new power sales agreement. based on the august 2018 update, entergy louisiana recognized a total decrease in formula rate plan revenue of approximately $17.6 million. results of the updated
2017 evaluation report filing were implemented with the september 2018 billing month subject to refund and review by the lpsc staff and intervenors. in accordance with the terms of the formula rate plan, in september 2018 the lpsc staff and intervenors submitted their responses to entergy louisiana's original formula rate plan evaluation report and supplemental compliance updates. the lpsc staff asserted objections/reservations regarding 1) entergy louisiana's proposed rate adjustments associated with the return of excess accumulated deferred income taxes pursuant to the tax act and the treatment of accumulated deferred income taxes related to reductions of rate base;
2) entergy louisiana's reservation regarding treatment of a regulatory asset related to certain special orders by the lpsc; and 3) test year expenses billed from entergy services to entergy louisiana. intervenors also objected to entergy louisiana's treatment of the regulatory asset related to certain special orders by the lpsc. a procedural schedule has not yet been established to resolve these issues.
entergy louisiana also included in its filing a presentation of an initial proposal to combine the legacy entergy louisiana and legacy entergy gulf states louisiana residential rates, which combination, if approved, would be accomplished on a revenue-neutral basis intended not to affect the rates of other customer classes.
commercial operation at j. wayne leonard power station (formerly st. charles power station) commenced in may 2019.
in may 2019, entergy louisiana filed an update to its 2017 formula rate plan evaluation report to include the estimated first-year revenue requirement of $109.5 million associated with the j. wayne leonard power station. the resulting interim adjustment to rates became effective with the first billing cycle of june 2019. in june 2020, entergy louisiana submitted information to the lpsc to review the prudence of entergy louisiana's management of the project. in august 2020 discovery commenced and a procedural schedule was established with a hearing in july 2021.
2018 formula rate plan filing in may 2019, entergy louisiana filed its formula rate plan evaluation report for its 2018 calendar year operations.
the 2018 test year evaluation report produced an earned return on common equity of 10.61% leading to a base rider formula rate plan revenue decrease of $8.9 million. while base rider formula rate plan revenue will decrease as a result of this filing, overall formula rate plan revenues will increase by approximately $118.7 million. this outcome is primarily driven by a reduction to the credits previously flowed through the tax reform adjustment mechanism and an increase in the transmission recovery mechanism, partially offset by reductions in the additional capacity mechanism revenue requirements and extraordinary cost items. the filing is subject to review by the lpsc.
resulting rates were implemented in september 2019, subject to refund.
entergy louisiana also included in its filing a presentation of an initial proposal to combine the legacy entergy louisiana and legacy entergy gulf states louisiana residential rates, which combination, if approved, would be accomplished on a revenue-neutral basis intended not to affect the rates of other customer classes. entergy louisiana contemplates that any combination of residential rates resulting from this request would be implemented with the results of the 2019 test year formula rate plan filing.
several parties intervened in the proceeding and the lpsc staff filed its report of objections/reservations in accordance with the applicable provisions of the formula rate plan. in its report the lpsc staff re-urged reservations with respect to the outstanding issues from the 2017 test year formula rate plan filing and disputed the inclusion of certain affiliate costs for test years 2017 and 2018. the lpsc staff objected to entergy louisiana's proposal to combine residential rates but proposed the setting of a status conference to establish a procedural schedule to more fully address the issue. the lpsc staff also reserved its right to object to the treatment of the sale of willow glen reflected in the evaluation report and to the august 2019 compliance update, which was made primarily to update the capital additions reflected in the formula rate plan's transmission recovery mechanism,
348
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis based on limited time to review it. additionally, since the completion of certain transmission projects, the lpsc staff issued supplemental data requests addressing the prudence of entergy louisiana's expenditures in connection with those projects. entergy louisiana has responded to all such requests.
commercial operation at lake charles power station commenced in march 2020. in march 2020, entergy louisiana filed an update to its 2018 formula rate plan evaluation report to include the estimated first-year revenue requirement of $108 million associated with the lake charles power station. the resulting interim adjustment to rates became effective with the first billing cycle of april 2020.
in an effort to narrow the remaining issues in formula rate plan test years 2017 and 2018, entergy louisiana provided notice to the parties in october 2020 that it was withdrawing its request to combine residential rates.
entergy louisiana noted that the withdrawal is without prejudice to entergy louisiana's right to seek to combine residential rates in a future proceeding.
2019 formula rate plan filing in may 2020, entergy louisiana filed with the lpsc its formula rate plan evaluation report for its 2019 calendar year operations. the 2019 test year evaluation report produced an earned return on common equity of 9.66%. as such, no change to base rider formula rate plan revenue is required. although base rider formula rate plan revenue will not change as a result of this filing, overall formula rate plan revenues will increase by approximately $103
million. this outcome is driven by the removal of prior year credits associated with the sale of the willow glen power station and an increase in the transmission recovery mechanism. also contributing to the overall change is an increase in legacy formula rate plan revenue requirements driven by legacy entergy louisiana capacity cost true-ups and higher annualized legacy entergy gulf states louisiana revenues due to higher billing determinants, offset by reductions in miso cost recovery mechanism and tax reform adjustment mechanism revenue requirements. in august 2020
the lpsc staff submitted a list of items for which it needs additional information to confirm the accuracy and compliance of the 2019 test year evaluation report. the lpsc staff objected to a proposed revenue neutral adjustment regarding a certain rider as being beyond the scope of permitted formula rate plan adjustments. rates reflected in the may 2020 filing, with the exception of the revenue neutral rider adjustment, and as updated in an august 2020 filing, were implemented in september 2020, subject to refund. entergy louisiana is in the process of providing additional information and details on the may 2020 filing as requested by the lpsc staff.
in november 2020, entergy louisiana accepted ownership of the washington parish energy center and filed an update to its 2019 formula rate plan evaluation report to include the estimated first-year revenue requirement of $35
million associated with the washington parish energy center. the resulting interim adjustment to rates became effective with the first billing cycle of december 2020. in january 2021, entergy louisiana filed an update to its
2019 formula rate plan evaluation report to include the implementation of a scheduled step-up in its nuclear decommissioning revenue requirement and a true-up for under-collections of nuclear decommissioning expenses. the total rate adjustment would increase formula rate plan revenues by approximately $1.2 million. the resulting interim adjustment to rates became effective with the first billing cycle of february 2021.
request for extension and modification of formula rate plan in may 2020, entergy louisiana filed with the lpsc its application for authority to extend its formula rate plan.
in its application, entergy louisiana seeks to maintain a 9.8% return on equity, with a bandwidth of 60 basis points above and below the midpoint, with a first-year midpoint reset. entergy louisiana also seeks to maintain its existing additional capacity mechanism, tax reform adjustment mechanism, transmission recovery mechanism, and the miso cost recovery mechanism. entergy louisiana also seeks to add a distribution cost recovery mechanism which operates in substantially the same manner as the transmission recovery mechanism, seeks to utilize end of period rate base to calculate cost of service, and requests a deferral of certain expenses incurred for outside of right-
of-way vegetation programs. settlement discussions are ongoing.
349
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis investigation of costs billed by entergy services in november 2018 the lpsc issued a notice of proceeding initiating an investigation into costs incurred by entergy services that are included in the retail rates of entergy louisiana. as stated in the notice of proceeding, the lpsc observed an increase in capital construction-related costs incurred by entergy services. discovery was issued and included efforts to seek highly detailed information on a broad range of matters unrelated to the scope of the audit. there has been no further activity in the investigation since may 2019.
fuel and purchased power recovery entergy louisiana recovers electric fuel and purchased power costs for the billing month based upon the level of such costs incurred two months prior to the billing month. entergy louisiana's purchased gas adjustments include estimates for the billing month adjusted by a surcharge or credit that arises from an annual reconciliation of fuel costs incurred with fuel cost revenues billed to customers, including carrying charges.
in july 2014 the lpsc authorized its staff to initiate an audit of the fuel adjustment clause filings by entergy gulf states louisiana, whose business was combined with entergy louisiana in 2015. the audit includes a review of the reasonableness of charges flowed through entergy gulf states louisiana's fuel adjustment clause for the period from 2010 through 2013. in january 2019, the lpsc staff consultant issued its audit report. in its report, the lpsc staff consultant recommended that entergy louisiana refund approximately $900,000, plus interest, to customers based upon the imputation of a claim of vendor fault in servicing its nuclear plant. entergy louisiana recorded a provision in first quarter 2019 for the potential outcome of the audit. in august 2019, entergy louisiana filed direct testimony challenging the basis for the lpsc staff's recommended disallowance and providing an alternative calculation of replacement power costs should it be determined that a disallowance is appropriate. entergy louisiana's calculation would require no refund to customers.
in july 2014 the lpsc authorized its staff to initiate an audit of entergy louisiana's fuel adjustment clause filings. the audit includes a review of the reasonableness of charges flowed by entergy louisiana through its fuel adjustment clause for the period from 2010 through 2013. in january 2019 the lpsc staff consultant issued its audit report. in its report, the lpsc staff consultant recommended that entergy louisiana refund approximately $7.3
million, plus interest, to customers based upon the imputation of a claim of vendor fault in servicing its nuclear plant. entergy louisiana recorded a provision in the first quarter 2019 for the potential outcome of the audit. in august 2019, entergy louisiana filed direct testimony challenging the basis for the lpsc staff's recommended disallowance and providing an alternative calculation of replacement power costs should it be determined that a disallowance is appropriate. entergy louisiana's calculation would require a refund to customers of approximately
$4.3 million, plus interest, as compared to the lpsc staff's recommendation of $7.3 million, plus interest.
responsive testimony was filed by the lpsc staff and intervenors in september 2019; all parties either agreed with or did not oppose entergy louisiana's alternative calculation of replacement power costs.
in november 2019 the pending lpsc proceedings for the 2010-2013 entergy louisiana and entergy gulf states louisiana audits were consolidated to facilitate a settlement of both fuel audits. in december 2019 an unopposed settlement was reached that requires a refund to legacy entergy louisiana customers of approximately $2.3 million, including interest, and no refund to legacy entergy gulf states louisiana customers. the lpsc approved the settlement in january 2020. a one-time refund was made in february 2020.
in june 2016 the lpsc issued notice of audits of entergy louisiana's fuel adjustment clause filings for the period
2014 through 2015 and purchased gas adjustment clause filings for the period 2012 through 2015. in recognition of the business combination that occurred in 2015, the audit notice was issued to entergy louisiana and also includes a review of charges to legacy entergy gulf states louisiana customers prior to the business combination. the audits include a review of the reasonableness of charges flowed through entergy louisiana's fuel adjustment clause for the period from 2014 through 2015 and charges flowed through entergy louisiana's
350
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis purchased gas adjustment clause for the period from 2012 through 2015. regarding the fuel adjustment clause filing, the lpsc staff issued a report in january 2021 that did not recommend a disallowance for the period 2014 through
2015 recoveries, but did propose various reporting requirements. entergy louisiana is currently reviewing the lpsc staff recommendations regarding reporting requirements. regarding the purchased gas adjustment clause filings, the lpsc staff issued a report in february 2020 that did not recommend a disallowance for the period 2012 through 2015
recoveries. the lpsc issued an order in september 2020 accepting the lpsc staff's report.
in may 2018 the lpsc staff provided notice of audits of entergy louisiana's purchased gas adjustment clause filings. the audit includes a review of the reasonableness of charges flowed through entergy louisiana's purchased gas adjustment clause for the period from 2016 through 2017. in february 2020 the lpsc staff issued an audit report recommending a disallowance of approximately $29 thousand entergy louisiana submitted a letter disputing the basis of the proposed disallowance but indicated that due to the amount at issue it would not oppose the recommended refund. the lpsc staff and entergy louisiana submitted a joint report noting each party's position on the substantive issues in the matter and recommending resolution of the matters. the lpsc issued an order in september
2020 resolving the matter and ordering a refund of approximately $29 thousand. in january 2021 the lpsc issued a notice closing the matter.
in march 2020 the lpsc staff provided notice of an audit of entergy louisiana's fuel adjustment clause filings. the audit includes a review of the reasonableness of charges flowed through entergy louisiana's fuel adjustment clause for the period from 2016 through 2019. discovery commenced in september 2020 and is ongoing.
covid-19 orders in april 2020 the lpsc issued an order authorizing utilities to record as a regulatory asset expenses incurred from the suspension of disconnections and collection of late fees imposed by lpsc orders associated with the covid-19
pandemic. in addition, utilities may seek future recovery, subject to lpsc review and approval, of losses and expenses incurred due to compliance with the lpsc's covid-19 orders. the suspension of late fees and disconnects for non-pay was extended until the first billing cycle after july 16, 2020. in january 2021, entergy louisiana resumed disconnections for customers in all customer classes with past-due balances that have not made payment arrangements. utilities seeking to recover the regulatory asset must formally petition the lpsc to do so, identifying the direct and indirect costs for which recovery is sought. any such request is subject to lpsc review and approval. as of december 31, 2020, entergy louisiana recorded a regulatory asset of $48.8 million for costs associated with the covid-19 pandemic.
net metering rulemaking in september 2019 the lpsc issued an order modifying its rules regarding net metering installations. among other things, the rule provides for 2-channel billing for net metering with excess energy put to the grid being compensated at the utility's avoided cost. however, the rule does provide that net meter installations in place as of december 31, 2019 will be subject to 1:1 net metering with excess energy put to the grid being compensated at the full retail rate for a period of 15 years (through december 31, 2034), after which those installations will be subject to 2-channel billing. the rule also eliminates the existing limit on the cumulative number of net meter installations.
351
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis industrial and commercial customers entergy louisiana's large industrial and commercial customers continually explore ways to reduce their energy costs. in particular, cogeneration is an option available to a portion of entergy louisiana's industrial customer base. entergy louisiana responds by working with industrial and commercial customers and negotiating electric service contracts to provide competitive rates that match specific customer needs and load profiles. entergy louisiana actively participates in economic development, customer retention, and reclamation activities to increase industrial and commercial demand, from both new and existing customers.
federal regulation see the " rate, cost-recovery, and other regulation - federal regulation " section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis and note 2 to the financial statements for a discussion of federal regulation.
nuclear matters entergy louisiana owns and, through an affiliate, operates the river bend and waterford 3 nuclear power plants.
entergy louisiana is, therefore, subject to the risks related to owning and operating nuclear plants. these include risks related to: the use, storage, and handling and disposal of high-level and low-level radioactive materials;
the substantial financial requirements, both for capital investments and operational needs, to position entergy's nuclear fleet to meet its operational goals; the performance and capacity factors of these nuclear plants;
regulatory requirements and potential future regulatory changes, including changes affecting the regulations governing nuclear plant ownership, operations, license amendments, and decommissioning; the availability of interim or permanent sites for the disposal of spent nuclear fuel and nuclear waste, including the fees charged for such disposal; the sufficiency of nuclear decommissioning trust fund assets and earnings to complete decommissioning of each site when required; and limitations on the amounts and types of insurance commercially available for losses in connection with nuclear plant operations and catastrophic events such as a nuclear accident. in the event of an unanticipated early shutdown of river bend or waterford 3, entergy louisiana may be required to provide additional funds or credit support to satisfy regulatory requirements for decommissioning. waterford 3's operating license expires in 2044 and river bend's operating license expires in 2045.
environmental risks entergy louisiana's facilities and operations are subject to regulation by various governmental authorities having jurisdiction over air quality, water quality, control of toxic substances and hazardous and solid wastes, and other environmental matters. management believes that entergy louisiana is in substantial compliance with environmental regulations currently applicable to its facilities and operations, with reference to possible exceptions noted in "
regulation of entergy's business - environmental regulation " in part i, item 1. because environmental regulations are subject to change, future compliance costs cannot be precisely estimated.
critical accounting estimates the preparation of entergy louisiana's financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to apply appropriate accounting policies and to make estimates and judgments that can have a significant effect on reported financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. management has identified the following accounting policies and estimates as critical because they are based on assumptions and measurements that involve a high degree of uncertainty, and the potential for future changes in the assumptions and measurements that could produce estimates that would have a material effect on the presentation of entergy louisiana's financial position or results of operations.
352
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis nuclear decommissioning costs see " nuclear decommissioning costs " in the " critical accounting estimates " section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for discussion of the estimates inherent in accounting for nuclear decommissioning costs.
in the second quarter 2019, entergy louisiana recorded a revision to its estimated decommissioning cost liability for waterford 3 as a result of a revised decommissioning cost study. the revised estimate resulted in a $147.5
million increase in its decommissioning cost liability, along with a corresponding increase in the related asset retirement cost asset that will be depreciated over the remaining useful life of the unit.
utility regulatory accounting see " utility regulatory accounting " in the " critical accounting estimates " section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for discussion of accounting for the effects of rate regulation.
impairment of long-lived assets see " impairment of long-lived assets " in the " critical accounting estimates " section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for discussion of the estimates associated with the impairment of long-lived assets.
taxation and uncertain tax positions see " taxation and uncertain tax positions " in the " critical accounting estimates " section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for further discussion.
qualified pension and other postretirement benefits entergy louisiana's qualified pension and other postretirement reported costs, as described in note 11 to the financial statements, are impacted by numerous factors including the provisions of the plans, changing employee demographics, and various actuarial calculations, assumptions, and accounting mechanisms. see the " qualified pension and other postretirement benefits " in the " critical accounting estimates " section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for further discussion. because of the complexity of these calculations, the long-term nature of these obligations, and the importance of the assumptions utilized, entergy's estimate of these costs is a critical accounting estimate.
cost sensitivity the following chart reflects the sensitivity of qualified pension cost and qualified projected benefit obligation to changes in certain actuarial assumptions (dollars in thousands).
impact on 2021 qualified      impact on 2020 projected actuarial assumption          change in assumption                   pension cost             qualified benefit obligation increase/(decrease)
discount rate                 -0.25%                                       $3,053                       $52,030
rate of return on plan        -0.25%                                       $3,338                            $-
assets rate of increase in           0.25%                                        $2,313                       $11,706
compensation
353
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis the following chart reflects the sensitivity of postretirement benefit cost and accumulated postretirement benefit obligation to changes in certain actuarial assumptions (dollars in thousands).
impact on 2021       impact on 2020 accumulated actuarial assumption      change in assumption     postretirement benefit cost           postretirement benefit obligation increase/(decrease)
discount rate             -0.25%                                          $872                           $8,226
health care cost trend    0.25%                                           $964                           $5,853
each fluctuation above assumes that the other components of the calculation are held constant.
costs and employer contributions total qualified pension cost for entergy louisiana in 2020 was $70.6 million, including $8.1 million in settlement costs. entergy louisiana anticipates 2021 qualified pension cost to be $65.1 million. entergy louisiana contributed
$55.4 million to its qualified pension plans in 2020 and estimates pension contributions will be approximately
$59.9 million in 2021, although the 2021 required pension contributions will be known with more certainty when the january 1, 2021 valuations are completed, which is expected by april 1, 2021.
total postretirement health care and life insurance benefit costs for entergy louisiana in 2020 were $5.6 million.
entergy louisiana expects 2021 postretirement health care and life insurance benefit costs of approximately $5.4
million. entergy louisiana contributed $16.1 million to its other postretirement plans in 2020 and estimates that
2021 contributions will be approximately $15.6 million.
other contingencies see " other contingencies " in the " critical accounting estimates " section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for a discussion of the estimates associated with environmental, litigation, and other risks.
new accounting pronouncements see " new accounting pronouncements " section of note 1 to the financial statements for a discussion of new accounting pronouncements.
354
table of contents report of independent registered public accounting firm to the member and board of directors of entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries opinion on the financial statements we have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries (the
"company") as of december 31, 2020 and 2019, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, cash flows, and changes in equity (pages 357 through 362 and applicable items in pages 51 through 238), for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2020, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the
"financial statements"). in our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the company as of december 31, 2020 and 2019, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2020, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america.
basis for opinion these financial statements are the responsibility of the company's management. our responsibility is to express an opinion on the company's financial statements based on our audits. we are a public accounting firm registered with the public company accounting oversight board (united states) (pcaob) and are required to be independent with respect to the company in accordance with the u.s. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the securities and exchange commission and the pcaob.
we conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the pcaob. those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. the company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. as part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the company's internal control over financial reporting. accordingly, we express no such opinion.
our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. we believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
critical audit matter the critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. the communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate.
rate and regulatory matters -entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries - refer to note 2 to the financial statements critical audit matter description the company is subject to rate regulation by the louisiana public service commission (the "lpsc"), which has jurisdiction with respect to the rates of electric companies in louisiana, and to wholesale rate regulation by the federal energy regulatory commission ("ferc"). management has determined it meets the requirements under accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america to prepare its financial statements applying
355
table of contents the specialized rules to account for the effects of cost-based rate regulation. accounting for the economics of rate regulation impacts multiple financial statement line items and disclosures, such as property, plant, and equipment; regulatory assets and liabilities; income taxes; operating revenues; operation and maintenance expense;
and depreciation and amortization expense.
the company's rates are subject to regulatory rate-setting processes and annual earnings oversight. because the lpsc and the ferc set the rates the company is allowed to charge customers based on allowable costs, including a reasonable return on equity, the company applies accounting standards that require the financial statements to reflect the effects of rate regulation, including the recording of regulatory assets and liabilities. the company assesses whether the regulatory assets and regulatory liabilities continue to meet the criteria for probable future recovery or settlement at each balance sheet date and when regulatory events occur. this assessment includes consideration of recent rate orders, historical regulatory treatment for similar costs, and factors such as changes in applicable regulatory and political environments. while the company has indicated it expects to recover costs from customers through regulated rates, there is a risk that the lpsc and the ferc will not approve: (1) full recovery of the costs of providing utility service, or (2) full recovery of amounts invested in the utility business and a reasonable return on that investment.
we identified the impact of rate regulation as a critical audit matter due to the significant judgments made by management to support its assertions about impacted account balances and disclosures and the high degree of subjectivity involved in assessing the impact of future regulatory orders on the financial statements. management judgments include assessing the likelihood of recovery in future rates of incurred costs and refunds to customers.
auditing management's judgments regarding the outcome of future decisions by the lpsc and the ferc, involved especially subjective judgment and specialized knowledge of accounting for rate regulation and the rate setting process.
how the critical audit matter was addressed in the audit our audit procedures related to the uncertainty of future decisions by the lpsc and the ferc included the following, among others:
 we tested the effectiveness of management's controls over the evaluation of the likelihood of (1) the recovery in future rates of costs incurred as property, plant, and equipment and deferred as regulatory assets, and (2) a refund or a future reduction in rates that should be reported as regulatory liabilities. we also tested the effectiveness of management's controls over the initial recognition of amounts as property, plant, and equipment;
regulatory assets or liabilities; and the monitoring and evaluation of regulatory developments that may affect the likelihood of recovering costs in future rates or of a future reduction in rates.
 we evaluated the company's disclosures related to the impacts of rate regulation, including the balances recorded and regulatory developments.
 we read relevant regulatory orders issued by the lpsc and the ferc for the company and other public utilities, regulatory statutes, interpretations, procedural memorandums, filings made by intervenors, and other publicly available information to assess the likelihood of recovery in future rates or of a future reduction in rates based on precedents of the lpsc's and the ferc's treatment of similar costs under similar circumstances. we evaluated the external information and compared to management's recorded regulatory asset and liability balances for completeness.
 for regulatory matters in process, we inspected the company's filings with the lpsc and the ferc, including the annual formula rate plan filing, and considered the filings with the lpsc and the ferc by intervenors that may impact the company's future rates, for any evidence that might contradict management's assertions .
 we obtained an analysis from management and support from internal and external legal counsel, as appropriate, regarding probability of recovery for regulatory assets or refund or future reduction in rates for regulatory liabilities not yet addressed in a regulatory order to assess management's assertion that amounts are probable of recovery or a future reduction in rates.
/s/ deloitte & touche llp new orleans, louisiana february 26, 2021
we have served as the company's auditor since 2001.
356
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries consolidated income statements for the years ended december 31,
2020          2019          2018
-in thousands operating revenues electric                                                          $4,019,063    $4,223,027    $4,232,541
natural gas                                                           50,799        62,148        63,779
total                                                              4,069,862     4,285,175     4,296,320
operating expenses operation and maintenance:
fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas                                 700,152       845,108       915,410
purchased for resale purchased power                                                      596,480       810,462       960,272
nuclear refueling outage expenses                                     55,305        54,170        51,626
other operation and maintenance                                      969,630       994,637       959,185
decommissioning                                                       65,225        59,346        53,736
taxes other than income taxes                                        208,902       194,222       183,745
depreciation and amortization                                        609,931       535,791       492,179
other regulatory charges (credits) - net                                -584      -105,203         4,396
total                                                              3,205,041     3,388,533     3,620,549
operating income                                                     864,821       896,642       675,771
other income allowance for equity funds used during                                38,151        74,023        79,922
construction interest and investment income                                       225,627       231,985       141,882
miscellaneous - net                                                 -116,366      -115,427       -27,530
total                                                                147,412       190,581       194,274
interest expense interest expense                                                     331,352       309,493       288,658
allowance for borrowed funds used during                             -19,147       -35,430       -39,616
construction total                                                                312,205       274,063       249,042
income before income taxes                                           700,028       813,160       621,003
income taxes                                                        -382,324       121,623       -54,611
net income                                                        $1,082,352      $691,537      $675,614
see notes to financial statements.
357
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries consolidated statements of comprehensive income for the years ended december 31,
2020        2019        2018
-in thousands net income                                                        $1,082,352    $691,537    $675,614
other comprehensive income (loss)
pension and other postretirement liabilities
(net of tax expense (benefit) of ($83),                                 -235      10,715      50,296
$3,781, and $17,743)
other comprehensive income (loss)                                       -235      10,715      50,296
comprehensive income                                              $1,082,117    $702,252    $725,910
see notes to financial statements.
358
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries consolidated statements of cash flows for the years ended december 31,
2020          2019          2018
-in thousands operating activities net income                                                        $1,082,352      $691,537      $675,614
adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flow provided by operating activities:
depreciation, amortization, and decommissioning, including nuclear fuel                              783,616       685,062       662,390
amortization deferred income taxes, investment tax                               -356,256       196,533       174,063
credits, and non-current taxes accrued changes in working capital:
receivables                                                          -79,451        13,942        89,701
fuel inventory                                                        -9,067        -7,195         5,310
accounts payable                                                     160,659       -33,375        11,372
prepaid taxes and taxes accrued                                       50,576       -38,827        12,711
interest accrued                                                       4,505         4,294         7,922
deferred fuel costs                                                  -57,895        24,234       -40,036
other working capital accounts                                       -76,284       -62,536        -5,809
changes in provisions for estimated                                 -295,480         9,664         8,307
losses changes in other regulatory assets                                  -410,855      -210,134        40,765
changes in other regulatory liabilities                               71,698       -35,881      -125,185
changes in pension and other                                          12,199        35,162      -106,269
postretirement liabilities other                                                                192,669       -36,478       -15,652
net cash flow provided by operating                                1,072,986     1,236,002     1,395,204
activities investing activities construction expenditures                                         -1,960,787    -1,673,194    -1,805,641
allowance for equity funds used during                                38,151        74,023        79,922
construction nuclear fuel purchases                                               -92,831       -85,984      -111,329
proceeds from the sale of nuclear fuel                                44,511        11,596        53,603
payments to storm reserve escrow account                              -1,488        -6,353        -4,770
receipts from storm reserve escrow                                   297,363             -             4
account changes in securitization account                                        951           -32        -1,655
proceeds from nuclear decommissioning                                347,021       412,559     1,055,690
trust fund sales investment in nuclear decommissioning                               -372,227      -442,501    -1,097,204
trust funds changes in money pool receivable - net                               -13,426        46,843       -35,672
proceeds from sale of assets                                               -             -        11,987
payment for purchase of assets                                      -236,999             -       -26,623
insurance proceeds                                                         -         7,040         3,480
litigation proceeds for reimbursement of                               5,090         2,369             -
spent nuclear fuel storage costs net cash flow used in investing                                   -1,944,671    -1,653,634    -1,878,208
activities financing activities proceeds from the issuance of long-term                            3,675,083     2,691,133     2,319,799
debt retirement of long-term debt                                      -1,962,635    -2,199,053    -1,664,354
change in money pool payable - net                                   -82,826        82,826             -
changes in short-term borrowings - net                                     -             -       -43,540
distributions paid:
common equity                                                        -21,500      -208,000      -128,000
other                                                                -10,423         9,368         6,556
net cash flow provided by financing                                1,597,699       376,274       490,461
activities net increase (decrease) in cash and cash                             726,014       -41,358         7,457
equivalents cash and cash equivalents at beginning                                 2,006        43,364        35,907
of period cash and cash equivalents at end of                                 $728,020        $2,006       $43,364
period supplemental disclosure of cash flow information:
cash paid (received) during the period for:
interest - net of amount capitalized                                $318,352      $296,842      $272,335
income taxes                                                        -$14,714       $15,272     -$105,157
see notes to financial statements.
359
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries consolidated balance sheets assets december 31,
2020           2019
-in thousands current assets cash and cash equivalents:
cash                                               $1,303           $488
temporary cash investments                        726,717          1,518
total cash and cash equivalents                   728,020          2,006
accounts receivable:
customer                                          317,905        194,869
allowance for doubtful accounts                   -45,693         -1,902
associated companies                               81,624         77,212
other                                              41,760         42,179
accrued unbilled revenues                         178,840        169,201
total accounts receivable                         574,436        481,559
deferred fuel costs                                 2,250              -
fuel inventory                                     50,680         41,613
materials and supplies - at average cost          437,933        354,020
deferred nuclear refueling outage costs            48,407         56,743
prepaid taxes                                           -          7,959
prepayments and other                              36,813         37,837
total                                           1,878,539        981,737
other property and investments investment in affiliate preferred               1,390,587      1,390,587
membership interests decommissioning trust funds                     1,794,042      1,563,812
storm reserve escrow account                            -        295,875
non-utility property - at cost (less              323,110        312,896
accumulated depreciation)
other                                              13,399         13,476
total                                           3,521,138      3,576,646
utility plant electric                                       25,619,789     22,620,365
natural gas                                       262,744        235,678
construction work in progress                     667,281      1,383,603
nuclear fuel                                      210,128        267,779
total utility plant                            26,759,942     24,507,425
less - accumulated depreciation and             9,372,224      9,118,524
amortization utility plant - net                            17,387,718     15,388,901
deferred debits and other assets regulatory assets:
other regulatory assets (includes securitization property of $5,088as of          1,726,066      1,315,211
december 31, 2020 and $27,596as of december 31, 2019)
deferred fuel costs                               168,122        168,122
other                                              23,924         33,491
total                                           1,918,112      1,516,824
total assets                                  $24,705,507    $21,464,108
see notes to financial statements.
360
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries consolidated balance sheets liabilities and equity december 31,
2020           2019
-in thousands current liabilities currently maturing long-term debt               $240,000       $320,002
accounts payable:
associated companies                             103,148        187,615
other                                          1,450,008        357,206
customer deposits                                152,612        153,097
taxes accrued                                     42,617              -
interest accrued                                  92,249         87,744
deferred fuel costs                                    -         55,645
current portion of unprotected excess             31,138         31,138
accumulated deferred income taxes other                                             62,968         64,668
total                                          2,174,740      1,257,115
non-current liabilities accumulated deferred income taxes and          2,138,522      2,464,513
taxes accrued accumulated deferred investment tax              107,317        112,128
credits regulatory liability for income taxes -          447,628        500,083
net other regulatory liabilities                     918,293        794,140
decommissioning                                1,573,307      1,497,349
accumulated provisions                            24,939        320,419
pension and other postretirement                 692,728        677,619
liabilities long-term debt (includes securitization bonds of $10,278as of december 31, 2020        8,787,451      6,983,667
and $33,220as of december 31, 2019)
other                                            382,894        459,957
total                                         15,073,079     13,809,875
commitments and contingencies equity member's equity                                7,453,361      6,392,556
accumulated other comprehensive income             4,327          4,562
total                                          7,457,688      6,397,118
total liabilities and equity                 $24,705,507    $21,464,108
see notes to financial statements.
361
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries consolidated statements of changes in equity for the years ended december
31, 2020, 2019, and 2018

common equity member's equity                accumulated other         total comprehensive income (loss)
-in thousands balance at december 31, 2017                          $5,355,204                         -$46,400    $5,308,804
net income                                               675,614                                -       675,614
other comprehensive income                                     -                           50,296        50,296
distributions declared on                               -128,000                                -      -128,000
common equity reclassification pursuant to                               6,262                          -10,049        -3,787
asu 2018-02
other                                                         -9                                -            -9
balance at december 31, 2018                          $5,909,071                          -$6,153    $5,902,918
net income                                               691,537                                -       691,537
other comprehensive income                                     -                           10,715        10,715
distributions declared on                               -208,000                                -      -208,000
common equity other                                                        -52                                -           -52
balance at december 31, 2019                          $6,392,556                           $4,562    $6,397,118
net income                                             1,082,352                                -     1,082,352
other comprehensive loss                                       -                             -235          -235
distributions declared on                                -21,500                                -       -21,500
common equity other                                                        -47                                -           -47
balance at december 31, 2020                          $7,453,361                           $4,327    $7,457,688
see notes to financial statements.
362
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries selected financial data -
five-year comparison
2020           2019           2018           2017           2016
-in thousands operating revenues                       $4,069,862     $4,285,175     $4,296,320     $4,300,550     $4,177,048
net income                               $1,082,352       $691,537       $675,614       $316,347       $622,047
total assets                            $24,705,507    $21,464,108    $19,651,815    $18,448,864    $17,701,271
long-term obligations (a)                $8,787,451     $6,983,667     $6,805,766     $5,469,069     $5,612,593
(a) includes long-term debt
(excluding currently maturing debt).
2020           2019           2018           2017           2016
-dollars in millions electric operating revenues:
residential                                  $1,270         $1,271         $1,244         $1,198         $1,196
commercial                                      887            947            941            956            930
industrial                                    1,314          1,451          1,462          1,534          1,350
governmental                                     69             71             69             69             67
total billed retail                           3,540          3,740          3,716          3,757          3,543
sales for resale:
associated companies                            276            273            295            278            368
non-associated companies                         58             60             62             64             50
other                                           145            150            160            147            165
total                                        $4,019         $4,223         $4,233         $4,246         $4,126
billed electric energy sales (gwh):
residential                                  13,771         14,046         14,494         13,357         13,810
commercial                                   10,465         11,353         11,578         11,342         11,478
industrial                                   28,881         29,801         29,255         29,754         28,517
governmental                                    779            827            823            790            794
total retail                                 53,896         56,027         56,150         55,243         54,599
sales for resale:
associated companies                          5,585          4,813          5,498          4,793          7,345
non-associated companies                      2,365          1,924          1,762          1,711          1,690
total                                        61,846         62,764         63,410         61,747         63,634
363
table of contents entergy mississippi, llc management's financial discussion and analysis the covid-19 pandemic see " the covid-19" pandemic section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for a discussion of the covid-19 pandemic.
february 2021 winter storms see the " february 2021 winter storms " section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for a discussion of the february 2021 winter storms. entergy mississippi's preliminary estimate for the cost of mobilizing crews and restoring power is approximately $50 million to $60 million. natural gas purchases for entergy mississippi for february 1st through 25th, 2021 are approximately $45 million compared to natural gas purchases for february 2020 of $14 million.
results of operations
2020 compared to 2019
net income net income increased $20.7 million primarily due to higher retail electric price, partially offset by higher depreciation and amortization expenses, higher other operation and maintenance expenses, and lower volume/weather.
operating revenues following is an analysis of the change in operating revenues comparing 2020 to 2019.
amount
-in millions
2019 operating revenues                            $1,323.0
fuel, rider, and other revenues that do not          -153.2
significantly affect net income volume/weather                                        -17.6
retail electric price                                  95.7
2020 operating revenues                             1,247.9
entergy mississippi's results include revenues from rate mechanisms designed to recover fuel, purchased power, and other costs such that the revenues and expenses associated with these items generally offset and do not affect net income. "fuel, rider, and other revenues that do not significantly affect net income" includes the revenue variance associated with these items.
the volume/weather variance is primarily due to decreased commercial and industrial usage as a result of the covid-19 pandemic and the effect of less favorable weather on residential sales, partially offset by increased residential usage as a result of the covid-19 pandemic. see " the covid-19 pandemic " section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for discussion of the covid-19
pandemic.
364
table of contents entergy mississippi, llc management's financial discussion and analysis the retail electric price variance is primarily due to:
 increases in the formula rate plan rates effective with the first billing cycles of july 2019 and april 2020 and an interim capacity rate adjustment to the formula rate plan effective january 2020 to recover non-fuel related costs of acquiring and operating the choctaw generating station; and
 the implementation of a vegetation management rider effective with the april 2020 billing cycle.
see note 2 to the financial statements for further discussion of the formula rate plan filings and the vegetation management rider.
other income statement variances other operation and maintenance expenses increased primarily due to:
 an increase of $13.5 million in non-nuclear generation expenses primarily due to an increase in costs after the purchase of the choctaw generating station in october 2019, partially offset by a decrease of $11.1 million primarily due to a lower scope of work performed during plant outages in 2020 as compared to the same period in
2019, including a delay in plant outages as a result of the covid-19 pandemic;
 an increase of $8.1 million in storm damage provisions. see note 2 to the financial statements for a discussion of storm cost recovery;
 an increase of $4.7 million in distribution operations costs due to a higher scope of work, including contract costs in 2020 as compared to the same period in 2019;
 an increase of $2.5 million in energy efficiency costs due to the timing of recovery from customers; and
 several individually insignificant items.
the increase was partially offset by a decrease of $3.7 million primarily due to contract costs in 2019 related to initiatives to explore new customer products and services.
depreciation and amortization expenses increased primarily as a result of higher depreciation rates effective july
2019, as approved by the mpsc, and additions to plant in service, including the choctaw generating station, which was purchased in october 2019.
the effective income tax rates were 16.2% for 2020 and 20.5% for 2019. see note 3 to the financial statements for a reconciliation of the federal statutory rates of 21% to the effective income tax rates.
2019 compared to 2018
see " management's financial discussion and analysis - results of operations " in item 7 of entergy mississippi's annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2019, filed with the sec on february 21, 2020, for discussion of results of operations for 2019 compared to 2018.
365
table of contents entergy mississippi, llc management's financial discussion and analysis liquidity and capital resources cash flow cash flows for the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019, and 2018 were as follows:
2020        2019        2018
-in thousands cash and cash equivalents at beginning            $51,601     $36,954      $6,096
of period net cash provided by (used in):
operating activities                              300,314     339,952     418,382
investing activities                             -530,762    -733,684    -419,453
financing activities                              178,865     408,379      31,929
net increase (decrease) in cash and cash          -51,583      14,647      30,858
equivalents cash and cash equivalents at end of                   $18     $51,601     $36,954
period
2020 compared to 2019
operating activities net cash flow provided by operating activities decreased $39.6 million in 2020 primarily due to:
 the timing of recovery of fuel and purchased power;
 lower collections of receivables from customers, in part due to the covid-19 pandemic; and
 an increase of $10.3 million in storm spending in 2020.
the decrease was partially offset by the timing of payments to vendors and a decrease of $8.2 million in pension contributions in 2020. see " critical accounting estimates " below and note 11 to the financial statements for a discussion of qualified pension and other postretirement benefits funding.
investing activities net cash flow used in investing activities decreased $202.9 million in 2020 primarily due to:
 the purchase of the choctaw generating station in october 2019 for approximately $305 million. see note 14 to the financial statements for further discussion of the choctaw generating station purchase; and
 money pool activity.
the decrease was partially offset by:
 an increase of $47.3 million in storm spending in 2020;
 an increase of $40.9 million in distribution construction expenditures primarily due to investment in the reliability and infrastructure of entergy mississippi's distribution system, including increased spending on advanced metering infrastructure;
 an increase of $25.8 million in non-nuclear construction expenditures primarily due to increased expenditures after the purchase of the choctaw generating station in october 2019 and higher long-term service agreement expenses;
 $24.6 million in plant upgrades for choctaw generating station in march 2020; and
366
table of contents entergy mississippi, llc management's financial discussion and analysis
 an increase of $22.4 million in transmission construction expenditures primarily due to a higher scope of work performed in 2020 as compared to 2019.
decreases in entergy mississippi's receivable from the money pool are a source of cash flow, and entergy mississippi's receivable from the money pool decreased by $44.7 million in 2020 compared to increasing by $3.3
million in 2019. the money pool is an inter-company borrowing arrangement designed to reduce the utility subsidiaries' need for external short-term borrowings.
financing activities net cash flow provided by financing activities decreased $229.5 million in 2020 primarily due to:
 the issuance of $170 million of 3.5% series mortgage bonds in 2020 compared to the issuance of $435 million of
3.85% series mortgage bonds in 2019; and
 a capital contribution of $130 million in october 2019 in anticipation of the purchase of the choctaw generating station.
the decrease was partially offset by the repayment, at maturity, of $150 million of 6.64% series mortgage bonds in july 2019 and money pool activity.
increases in entergy mississippi's payable to the money pool are a source of cash flow, and entergy mississippi's payable to the money pool increased $16.5 million in 2020.
see note 5 to the financial statements for details on long-term debt.
2019 compared to 2018
see " management's financial discussion and analysis - liquidity and capital resources - cash flow " in item 7 of entergy mississippi's annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2019, filed with the sec on february 21, 2020, for discussion of operating, investing, and financing cash flow activities for 2019 compared to
2018.
capital structure entergy mississippi's debt to capital ratio is shown in the following table.
december 31,       december 31,
2020               2019

debt to capital                       51.7  %            51.2  %
effect of subtracting cash               -  %            (0.8  %)
net debt to net capital               51.7  %            50.4  %
net debt consists of debt less cash and cash equivalents. debt consists of short-term borrowings, finance lease obligations, and long-term debt, including the currently maturing portion. capital consists of debt and equity. net capital consists of capital less cash and cash equivalents. entergy mississippi uses the debt to capital ratio in analyzing its financial condition and believes it provides useful information to its investors and creditors in evaluating entergy mississippi's financial condition. entergy mississippi uses the net debt to net capital ratio in analyzing its financial condition and believes it provides useful information to its investors and creditors in evaluating entergy mississippi's financial condition because net debt indicates entergy mississippi's outstanding debt position that could not be readily satisfied by cash and cash equivalents on hand.
367
table of contents entergy mississippi, llc management's financial discussion and analysis entergy mississippi seeks to optimize its capital structure in accordance with its regulatory requirements and to control its cost of capital while also maintaining equity capitalization at a level consistent with investment-
grade debt ratings. to the extent that operating cash flows are in excess of planned investments, cash may be used to reduce outstanding debt or may be paid as a distribution, or both, in appropriate amounts to maintain the capital structure. to the extent that operating cash flows are insufficient to support planned investments, entergy mississippi may issue incremental debt or reduce distributions, or both, to maintain its capital structure. in addition, in certain infrequent circumstances, such as financing of large transactions that would materially alter the capital structure if financed entirely with debt and reducing distributions, entergy mississippi may receive equity contributions to maintain its capital structure.
uses of capital entergy mississippi requires capital resources for:
 construction and other capital investments;
 debt maturities or retirements;
 working capital purposes, including the financing of fuel and purchased power costs; and
 distributions and interest payments.
following are the amounts of entergy mississippi's planned construction and other capital investments.
2021    2022    2023
-in millions planned construction and capital investment:
generation                                  $180    $140    $180
transmission                                 120      75      55
distribution                                 210     200     225
utility support                               80      85      30
total                                       $590    $500    $490
following are the amounts of entergy mississippi's existing debt obligations and lease obligations (includes estimated interest payments) and other purchase obligations.
2021    2022-2023    2024-2025    after 2025     total
-in millions long-term debt (a)                   $65         $376         $209        $2,575    $3,225
operating leases (b)                  $6           $8           $2            $2       $18
finance leases (b)                    $2           $3           $2            $1        $8
purchase obligations (c)            $223         $434         $412        $3,779    $4,848
(a) includes estimated interest payments. long-term debt is discussed in note 5 to the financial statements.
(b) lease obligations are discussed in note 10 to the financial statements.
(c) purchase obligations represent the minimum purchase obligation or cancellation charge for contractual obligations to purchase goods or services. for entergy mississippi, almost all of the total consists of unconditional fuel and purchased power obligations, including its obligations under the unit power sales agreement, which is discussed in note 8 to the financial statements.
in addition to the contractual obligations given above, entergy mississippi currently expects to contribute approximately $13.7 million to its qualified pension plans and approximately $130 thousand to other postretirement health care and life insurance plans in 2021, although the 2021 required pension contributions will be known with more certainty when the january 1, 2021 valuations are completed, which is expected by april 1, 2021. see
368
table of contents entergy mississippi, llc management's financial discussion and analysis
" critical accounting estimates - qualified pension and other postretirement benefits " below for a discussion of qualified pension and other postretirement benefits funding.
also, in addition to the contractual obligations, entergy mississippi has $84 million of unrecognized tax benefits and interest net of unused tax attributes for which the timing of payments beyond 12 months cannot be reasonably estimated due to uncertainties in the timing of effective settlement of tax positions. see note 3 to the financial statements for additional information regarding unrecognized tax benefits.
in addition to routine capital spending to maintain operations, the planned capital investment estimate for entergy mississippi includes amounts associated with specific investments such as the sunflower solar facility;
transmission projects to enhance reliability, reduce congestion, and enable economic growth; distribution spending to enhance reliability and improve service to customers, including advanced meters and related investments;
resource planning, including potential generation and renewables projects; system improvements; software and security; and other investments. estimated capital expenditures are subject to periodic review and modification and may vary based on the ongoing effects of regulatory constraints and requirements, environmental compliance, business opportunities, market volatility, economic trends, business restructuring, changes in project plans, and the ability to access capital.
as a wholly-owned subsidiary of entergy utility holding company, llc, entergy mississippi pays distributions from its earnings at a percentage determined monthly.
sunflower solar facility in november 2018, entergy mississippi announced that it signed an agreement for the purchase of an approximately
100 mw solar photovoltaic facility that will be sited on approximately 1,000 acres in sunflower county, mississippi. the estimated base purchase price is approximately $138.4 million. the estimated total investment, including the base purchase price and other related costs, for entergy mississippi to acquire the sunflower solar facility is approximately $153.2 million. the purchase is contingent upon, among other things, obtaining necessary approvals, including full cost recovery, from applicable federal and state regulatory and permitting agencies. the project is being built by sunflower county solar project, llc, an indirect subsidiary of recurrent energy, llc.
entergy mississippi will purchase the facility upon mechanical completion and after the other purchase contingencies have been met. in december 2018, entergy mississippi filed a joint petition with sunflower solar project with the mpsc for sunflower solar project to construct and for entergy mississippi to acquire and thereafter own, operate, improve, and maintain the solar facility. entergy mississippi proposed revisions to its formula rate plan that would provide for a mechanism, the interim capacity rate adjustment mechanism, in the formula rate plan to recover the non-fuel related costs of additional owned capacity acquired by entergy mississippi, including the annual ownership costs of the sunflower solar facility. in december 2019 the mpsc approved entergy mississippi's proposed revisions to its formula rate plan to provide for an interim capacity rate adjustment mechanism. recovery through the interim capacity rate adjustment requires mpsc approval for each new resource. in august 2019 consultants retained by the mississippi public utilities staff filed a report expressing concerns regarding the project economics. in march 2020, entergy mississippi filed supplemental testimony addressing questions and observations raised by the consultants retained by the mississippi public utilities staff and proposing an alternative structure for the transaction that would reduce its cost. a hearing before the mpsc was held in march 2020. in april 2020 the mpsc issued an order approving certification of the sunflower solar facility and its recovery through the interim capacity rate adjustment mechanism, subject to certain conditions including: (i) that entergy mississippi pursue a partnership structure through which the partnership would acquire and own the facility under the build-own-transfer agreement and (ii) that if entergy mississippi does not consummate the partnership structure under the terms of the order, there will be a cap of $136 million on the level of recoverable costs. closing is targeted to occur by the end of 2021.
369
table of contents entergy mississippi, llc management's financial discussion and analysis sources of capital entergy mississippi's sources to meet its capital requirements include:
 internally generated funds;
 cash on hand;
 storm reserve escrow accounts;
 debt or preferred membership interest issuances, including debt issuances to refund or retire currently outstanding or maturing indebtedness;
 capital contributions; and
 bank financing under new or existing facilities.
entergy mississippi may refinance, redeem, or otherwise retire debt prior to maturity, to the extent market conditions and interest rates are favorable.
all debt and preferred membership interest issuances by entergy mississippi require prior regulatory approval. debt issuances are also subject to issuance tests set forth in its bond indenture and other agreements. entergy mississippi has sufficient capacity under these tests to meet its foreseeable capital needs.
entergy mississippi's receivables from or (payables to) the money pool were as follows as of december 31 for each of the following years.
2020                 2019       2018      2017
(in thousands)
($16,516)         $44,693    $41,380    $1,633
see note 4 to the financial statements for a description of the money pool.
entergy mississippi has three separate credit facilities in the aggregate amount of $82.5 million scheduled to expire in april 2021. no borrowings were outstanding under the credit facilities as of december 31, 2020. in addition, entergy mississippi is a party to an uncommitted letter of credit facility primarily as a means to post collateral to support its obligations to miso. as of december 31, 2020, $1 million of miso letters of credit and $1
million of non-miso letters of credit were outstanding under this facility. see note 4 to the financial statements for additional discussion of the credit facilities.
entergy mississippi obtained authorization from the ferc through july 2022 for short-term borrowings not to exceed an aggregate amount of $175 million at any time outstanding and long-term borrowings and security issuances. see note 4 to the financial statements for further discussion of entergy mississippi's short-term borrowing limits.
entergy mississippi has $33 million in its storm reserve escrow account at december 31, 2020.
state and local rate regulation and fuel-cost recovery the rates that entergy mississippi charges for electricity significantly influence its financial position, results of operations, and liquidity. entergy mississippi is regulated and the rates charged to its customers are determined in regulatory proceedings. a governmental agency, the mpsc, is primarily responsible for approval of the rates charged to customers.
370
table of contents entergy mississippi, llc management's financial discussion and analysis formula rate plan filings in october 2018, entergy mississippi proposed revisions to its formula rate plan that would provide for a mechanism in the formula rate plan, the interim capacity rate adjustment mechanism, to recover the non-fuel related costs of additional owned capacity acquired by entergy mississippi, including the non-fuel annual ownership costs of the choctaw generating station, as well as to allow similar cost recovery treatment for other future capacity acquisitions, such as the sunflower solar facility, that are approved by the mpsc. in december 2019 the mpsc approved entergy mississippi's proposed revisions to its formula rate plan to provide for an interim capacity rate adjustment mechanism to recover the $59 million first-year annual revenue requirement associated with the non-fuel ownership costs of the choctaw generating station, which entergy mississippi began billing in january 2020. the mpsc must approve recovery through the interim capacity rate adjustment for each new resource. in addition, the mpsc approved revisions to the formula rate plan which allows entergy mississippi to begin billing rate adjustments effective april 1 of the filing year on a temporary basis subject to refund or credit to customers, subject to final mpsc order. the mpsc also authorized entergy mississippi to remove vegetation management costs from the formula rate plan and recover these costs through the establishment of a vegetation management rider. effective with the april 2020 billing cycle, entergy mississippi implemented a rider to recover $22 million in vegetation management costs.
in march 2019, entergy mississippi submitted its formula rate plan 2019 test year filing and 2018 look-back filing showing entergy mississippi's earned return for the historical 2018 calendar year to be above the formula rate plan bandwidth and projected earned return for the 2019 calendar year to be below the formula rate plan bandwidth. the
2019 test year filing shows a $36.8 million rate increase is necessary to reset entergy mississippi's earned return on common equity to the specified point of adjustment of 6.94% return on rate base, within the formula rate plan bandwidth. the 2018 look-back filing compares actual 2018 results to the approved benchmark return on rate base and shows a $10.1 million interim decrease in formula rate plan revenues is necessary. in the fourth quarter 2018, entergy mississippi recorded a provision of $9.3 million that reflected the estimate of the difference between the
2018 expected earned rate of return on rate base and an established performance-adjusted benchmark rate of return under the formula rate plan performance-adjusted bandwidth mechanism. in the first quarter 2019, entergy mississippi recorded a $0.8 million increase in the provision to reflect the amount shown in the look-back filing.
in june 2019, entergy mississippi and the mississippi public utilities staff entered into a joint stipulation that confirmed that the 2019 test year filing showed that a $32.8 million rate increase is necessary to reset entergy mississippi's earned return on common equity to the specified point of adjustment of 6.93% return on rate base, within the formula rate plan bandwidth. additionally, pursuant to the joint stipulation, entergy mississippi's 2018
look-back filing reflected an earned return on rate base of 7.81% in calendar year 2018 which is above the look-
back benchmark return on rate base of 7.13%, resulting in an $11 million decrease in formula rate plan revenues on an interim basis through may 2020. in the second quarter 2019, entergy mississippi recorded an additional $0.9
million increase in the provision to reflect the $11 million shown in the look-back filing. in june 2019 the mpsc approved the joint stipulation with rates effective for the first billing cycle of july 2019.
in march 2020, entergy mississippi submitted its formula rate plan 2020 test year filing and 2019 look-back filing showing entergy mississippi's earned return for the historical 2019 calendar year to be below the formula rate plan bandwidth and projected earned return for the 2020 calendar year to be below the formula rate plan bandwidth. the
2020 test year filing shows a $24.6 million rate increase is necessary to reset entergy mississippi's earned return on common equity to the specified point of adjustment of 6.51% return on rate base, within the formula rate plan bandwidth. the 2019 look-back filing compares actual 2019 results to the approved benchmark return on rate base and reflects the need for a $7.3 million interim increase in formula rate plan revenues. in accordance with the mpsc-
approved revisions to the formula rate plan, entergy mississippi implemented a $24.3 million interim rate increase, reflecting a cap equal to 2% of 2019 retail revenues, effective with the april 2020 billing cycle, subject to refund. in june 2020, entergy mississippi and the mississippi public utilities staff entered into a joint stipulation that confirmed that the 2020 test year filing showed that a $23.8 million rate increase is necessary to reset entergy mississippi's earned return on common equity to the specified point of
371
table of contents entergy mississippi, llc management's financial discussion and analysis adjustment of 6.51% return on rate base, within the formula rate plan bandwidth. pursuant to the joint stipulation, entergy mississippi's 2019 look-back filing reflected an earned return on rate base of 6.75% in calendar year 2019, which is within the look-back bandwidth. as a result, there is no change in formula rate plan revenues in the 2019
look-back filing. in june 2020 the mpsc approved the joint stipulation with rates effective for the first billing cycle of july 2020. in the june 2020 order the mpsc directed entergy mississippi to submit revisions to its formula rate plan to realign recovery of costs from its energy efficiency cost recovery rider to its formula rate plan. in november 2020 the mpsc approved entergy mississippi's revisions to its formula rate plan providing for the realignment of energy efficiency costs to its formula rate plan, the deferral of energy efficiency expenditures into a regulatory asset, and the elimination of its energy efficiency cost recovery rider effective with the january 2022 billing cycle.
covid-19 order in march 2020 the mpsc issued an order suspending disconnections for a period of sixty days. the mpsc extended the order on disconnections through may 26, 2020. in april 2020 the mpsc issued an order authorizing utilities to defer incremental costs and expenses associated with covid-19 compliance and to seek future recovery through rates of the prudently incurred incremental costs and expenses. in december 2020, entergy mississippi resumed disconnections for commercial, industrial, and governmental customers with past-due balances that have not made payment arrangements.
in january 2021, entergy mississippi resumed disconnecting service for residential customers with past-due balances that have not made arrangements. as of december 31, 2020, entergy mississippi recorded a regulatory asset of $19.2
million for costs associated with the covid-19 pandemic.
internal restructuring in march 2018, entergy mississippi filed an application with the mpsc seeking authorization to undertake a restructuring that would result in the transfer of substantially all of the assets and operations of entergy mississippi to a new entity, which would ultimately be held by an existing entergy subsidiary holding company. in september 2018, entergy mississippi and the mississippi public utilities staff entered into and filed a joint stipulation regarding the restructuring filing. in september 2018 the mpsc issued an order accepting the stipulation in its entirety and approving the restructuring and credits of $27 million to retail customers over six years, consisting of annual payments of $4.5 million for the years 2019-2024. entergy mississippi also received the required ferc approval.
in november 2018, entergy mississippi undertook a multi-step restructuring, including the following:
 entergy mississippi, inc. redeemed its outstanding preferred stock, at the aggregate redemption price of approximately $21.2 million.
 entergy mississippi, inc. converted from a mississippi corporation to a texas corporation.
 under the texas business organizations code (txboc), entergy mississippi, inc. allocated substantially all of its assets to a new subsidiary, entergy mississippi power and light, llc, a texas limited liability company (entergy mississippi power and light), and entergy mississippi power and light assumed substantially all of the liabilities of entergy mississippi, inc., in a transaction regarded as a merger under the txboc. entergy mississippi, inc.
remained in existence and held the membership interests in entergy mississippi power and light.
 entergy mississippi, inc. contributed the membership interests in entergy mississippi power and light to an affiliate (entergy utility holding company, llc, a texas limited liability company and subsidiary of entergy corporation). as a result of the contribution, entergy mississippi power and light is a wholly-owned subsidiary of entergy utility holding company, llc.
in december 2018, entergy mississippi, inc. changed its name to entergy utility enterprises, inc., and entergy mississippi power and light then changed its name to entergy mississippi, llc. entergy mississippi, llc holds substantially all of the assets, and assumed substantially all of the liabilities, of entergy mississippi, inc. the restructuring was accounted for as a transaction between entities under common control.
372
table of contents entergy mississippi, llc management's financial discussion and analysis in december 2018, entergy mississippi filed its notice of intent to implement the restructuring credit rider to allow entergy mississippi to return credits of $27 million to retail customers over six years. in january 2019 the mpsc approved the proposed restructuring credit adjustment factor, which is effective for bills rendered beginning february 2019.
fuel and purchased power cost recovery entergy mississippi's rate schedules include an energy cost recovery rider that is adjusted annually to reflect accumulated over- or under-recoveries. entergy mississippi's fuel cost recoveries are subject to annual audits conducted pursuant to the authority of the mpsc.
in january 2017 the mpsc certified to the mississippi legislature the audit reports of its independent auditors for the fuel year ending september 30, 2016. in november 2017 the mississippi public utilities staff separately engaged a consultant to review the september 2016 outage at the grand gulf nuclear station and to review ongoing operations at grand gulf. this engagement continues, and subsequently, was expanded to include all outages at grand gulf that occurred through 2019.
in november 2017, entergy mississippi filed its annual redetermination of the annual factor to be applied under the energy cost recovery rider. the calculation of the annual factor included an under-recovery of approximately $61.5
million as of september 30, 2017. in january 2018 the mpsc approved the proposed energy cost factors effective for february 2018 bills.
in november 2018, entergy mississippi filed its annual redetermination of the annual factor to be applied under the energy cost recovery rider. the calculation of the annual factor included an under-recovery of approximately $57
million as of september 30, 2018. in january 2019 the mpsc approved the proposed energy cost factor effective for february 2019 bills.
in november 2019, entergy mississippi filed its annual redetermination of the annual factor to be applied under the energy cost recovery rider. the calculation included $39.6 million of prior over-recovery flowing back to customers beginning september 2020. entergy mississippi's balance in its deferred fuel account did not decrease as expected after implementation of the new factor. in an effort to assist customers during the covid-19 pandemic, in may 2020, entergy mississippi requested an interim adjustment to the energy cost recovery rider to credit approximately $50
million from the over-recovered balance in the deferred fuel account to customers over four consecutive billing months. the mpsc approved this interim adjustment in may 2020 effective for june through september 2020 bills.
in november 2020, entergy mississippi filed its annual redetermination of the annual factor to be applied under the energy cost recovery rider. the calculation of the annual factor included an over-recovery of approximately $24.4
million as of september 30, 2020. in january 2021 the mpsc approved the proposed energy cost factor effective for february 2021 bills.
storm cost recovery filings with retail regulators entergy mississippi has approval from the mpsc to collect a storm damage provision of $1.75 million per month. if entergy mississippi's accumulated storm damage provision balance exceeds $15 million, the collection of the storm damage provision ceases until such time that the accumulated storm damage provision becomes less than $10 million.
entergy mississippi's storm damage provision balance has been less than $10 million since may 2019, and entergy mississippi has been billing the monthly storm damage provision since july 2019.
373
table of contents entergy mississippi, llc management's financial discussion and analysis federal regulation see the " rate, cost-recovery, and other regulation - federal regulation " section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis and note 2 to the financial statements for a discussion of federal regulation.
nuclear matters see the " nuclear matters " section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for a discussion of nuclear matters.
environmental risks entergy mississippi's facilities and operations are subject to regulation by various governmental authorities having jurisdiction over air quality, water quality, control of toxic substances and hazardous and solid wastes, and other environmental matters. management believes that entergy mississippi is in substantial compliance with environmental regulations currently applicable to its facilities and operations, with reference to possible exceptions noted in " regulation of entergy's business - environmental regulation " in part i, item 1. because environmental regulations are subject to change, future compliance costs cannot be precisely estimated.
critical accounting estimates the preparation of entergy mississippi's financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to apply appropriate accounting policies and to make estimates and judgments that can have a significant effect on reported financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. management has identified the following accounting policies and estimates as critical because they are based on assumptions and measurements that involve a high degree of uncertainty, and there is the potential for future changes in the assumptions and measurements that could produce estimates that would have a material impact on the presentation of entergy mississippi's financial position or results of operations.
utility regulatory accounting see " utility regulatory accounting " in the " critical accounting estimates " section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for discussion of accounting for the effects of rate regulation.
impairment of long-lived assets see " impairment of long-lived assets " in the " critical accounting estimates " section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for discussion of the estimates associated with the impairment of long-lived assets.
taxation and uncertain tax positions see " taxation and uncertain tax positions " in the " critical accounting estimates " section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for further discussion.
qualified pension and other postretirement benefits entergy mississippi's qualified pension and other postretirement reported costs, as described in note 11 to the financial statements, are impacted by numerous factors including the provisions of the plans, changing employee demographics, and various actuarial calculations, assumptions, and accounting mechanisms. see the " qualified
374
table of contents entergy mississippi, llc management's financial discussion and analysis pension and other postretirement benefits " in the " critical accounting estimates " section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for further discussion. because of the complexity of these calculations, the long-term nature of these obligations, and the importance of the assumptions utilized, entergy's estimate of these costs is a critical accounting estimate.
cost sensitivity the following chart reflects the sensitivity of qualified pension cost and qualified projected benefit obligation to changes in certain actuarial assumptions (dollars in thousands).
impact on 2021 qualified      impact on 2020 projected actuarial assumption          change in assumption                   pension cost             qualified benefit obligation increase/(decrease)
discount rate                 -0.25%                                         $654                       $12,777
rate of return on plan        -0.25%                                         $828                            $-
assets rate of increase in           0.25%                                          $533                        $2,720
compensation the following chart reflects the sensitivity of postretirement benefit cost and accumulated postretirement benefit obligation to changes in certain actuarial assumptions (dollars in thousands).
impact on 2021       impact on 2020 accumulated actuarial assumption      change in assumption     postretirement benefit cost           postretirement benefit obligation increase/(decrease)
discount rate             -0.25%                                           $59                           $1,970
health care cost trend    0.25%                                            $73                           $1,402
each fluctuation above assumes that the other components of the calculation are held constant.
costs and employer contributions total qualified pension cost for entergy mississippi in 2020 was $20.2 million, including $3.4 million in settlement costs. entergy mississippi anticipates 2021 qualified pension cost to be $19.6 million. entergy mississippi contributed $12.6 million to its qualified pension plans in 2020 and estimates 2021 pension contributions will be approximately $13.7 million, although the 2021 required pension contributions will be known with more certainty when the january 1, 2021 valuations are completed, which is expected by april 1, 2021.
total postretirement health care and life insurance benefit income for entergy mississippi in 2020 was $3.6
million. entergy mississippi expects 2021 postretirement health care and life insurance benefit income of approximately $4.7 million. entergy mississippi contributed $343 thousand to its other postretirement plans in 2020
and estimates that 2021 contributions will be approximately $130 thousand.
other contingencies see " other contingencies " in the " critical accounting estimates " section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for a discussion of the estimates associated with environmental, litigation, and other risks.
375
table of contents entergy mississippi, llc management's financial discussion and analysis new accounting pronouncements see " new accounting pronouncements " section of note 1 to the financial statements for a discussion of new accounting pronouncements.
376
table of contents report of independent registered public accounting firm to the member and board of directors of entergy mississippi, llc opinion on the financial statements we have audited the accompanying balance sheets of entergy mississippi, llc (the "company") as of december 31, 2020
and 2019, the related statements of income, cash flows and changes in member's equity (pages 379 through 384 and applicable items in pages 51 through 238), for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2020, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). in our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the company as of december 31, 2020
and 2019, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2020, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america.
basis for opinion these financial statements are the responsibility of the company's management. our responsibility is to express an opinion on the company's financial statements based on our audits. we are a public accounting firm registered with the public company accounting oversight board (united states) (pcaob) and are required to be independent with respect to the company in accordance with the u.s. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the securities and exchange commission and the pcaob.
we conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the pcaob. those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. the company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. as part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the company's internal control over financial reporting. accordingly, we express no such opinion.
our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. we believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
critical audit matter the critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. the communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.
rate and regulatory matters -entergy mississippi, llc - refer to note 2 to the financial statements critical audit matter description the company is subject to rate regulation by the mississippi public service commission (the "mpsc"), which has jurisdiction with respect to the rates of electric companies in mississippi, and to wholesale rate regulation by the federal energy regulatory commission ("ferc"). management has determined it meets the requirements under accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america to prepare its financial statements applying the specialized rules to account for the effects of cost-based rate regulation. accounting for the economics of rate regulation impacts multiple financial statement line items and disclosures, such as property, plant, and equipment;
377
table of contents regulatory assets and liabilities; income taxes; operating revenues; operation and maintenance expense; and depreciation and amortization expense.
the company's rates are subject to regulatory rate-setting processes and annual earnings oversight. because the mpsc and the ferc set the rates the company is allowed to charge customers based on allowable costs, including a reasonable return on equity, the company applies accounting standards that require the financial statements to reflect the effects of rate regulation, including the recording of regulatory assets and liabilities. the company assesses whether the regulatory assets and regulatory liabilities continue to meet the criteria for probable future recovery or settlement at each balance sheet date and when regulatory events occur. this assessment includes consideration of recent rate orders, historical regulatory treatment for similar costs, and factors such as changes in applicable regulatory and political environments. while the company has indicated it expects to recover costs from customers through regulated rates, there is a risk that the mpsc and the ferc will not approve: (1) full recovery of the costs of providing utility service, or (2) full recovery of amounts invested in the utility business and a reasonable return on that investment.
we identified the impact of rate regulation as a critical audit matter due to the significant judgments made by management to support its assertions about impacted account balances and disclosures and the high degree of subjectivity involved in assessing the impact of future regulatory orders on the financial statements. management judgments include assessing the likelihood of recovery in future rates of incurred costs and refunds to customers.
auditing management's judgments regarding the outcome of future decisions by the mpsc and the ferc, involved especially subjective judgment and specialized knowledge of accounting for rate regulation and the rate setting process.
how the critical audit matter was addressed in the audit our audit procedures related to the uncertainty of future decisions by the mpsc and the ferc included the following, among others:
 we tested the effectiveness of management's controls over the evaluation of the likelihood of (1) the recovery in future rates of costs incurred as property, plant, and equipment and deferred as regulatory assets, and (2) a refund or a future reduction in rates that should be reported as regulatory liabilities. we also tested the effectiveness of management's controls over the initial recognition of amounts as property, plant, and equipment;
regulatory assets or liabilities; and the monitoring and evaluation of regulatory developments that may affect the likelihood of recovering costs in future rates or of a future reduction in rates.
 we evaluated the company's disclosures related to the impacts of rate regulation, including the balances recorded and regulatory developments.
 we read relevant regulatory orders issued by the mpsc and the ferc for the company and other public utilities, regulatory statutes, interpretations, procedural memorandums, filings made by intervenors, and other publicly available information to assess the likelihood of recovery in future rates or of a future reduction in rates based on precedents of the mpsc's and ferc's treatment of similar costs under similar circumstances. we evaluated the external information and compared to management's recorded regulatory asset and liability balances for completeness.
 for regulatory matters in process, we inspected the company's filings with the mpsc and the ferc, including the annual formula rate plan filing, and considered the filings with the mpsc and the ferc by intervenors that may impact the company's future rates, for any evidence that might contradict management's assertions .
 we obtained an analysis from management and support from internal and external legal counsel, as appropriate, regarding probability of recovery for regulatory assets or refund or future reduction in rates for regulatory liabilities not yet addressed in a regulatory order to assess management's assertion that amounts are probable of recovery or a future reduction in rates.
/s/ deloitte & touche llp new orleans, louisiana february 26, 2021
we have served as the company's auditor since 2001.
378
table of contents entergy mississippi, llc income statements for the years ended december 31,
2020          2019          2018
-in thousands operating revenues electric                                                          $1,247,854    $1,323,043    $1,335,112
operating expenses operation and maintenance:
fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas                                 187,087       277,425       260,198
purchased for resale purchased power                                                      240,471       284,492       364,575
other operation and maintenance                                      288,543       266,175       261,613
taxes other than income taxes                                        101,525       105,318       101,999
depreciation and amortization                                        209,252       170,886       152,577
other regulatory charges (credits) - net                             -15,219        14,993       147,704
total                                                              1,011,659     1,119,289     1,288,666
operating income                                                     236,195       203,754        46,446
other income (deductions)
allowance for equity funds used during                                 6,726         8,356         8,710
construction interest and investment income                                           272         1,412           135
miscellaneous - net                                                   -9,253        -4,478        -2,732
total                                                                 -2,255         5,290         6,113
interest expense interest expense                                                      68,945        61,785        55,905
allowance for borrowed funds used during                              -2,778        -3,532        -3,651
construction total                                                                 66,167        58,253        52,254
income before income taxes                                           167,773       150,791           305
income taxes                                                          27,190        30,866      -125,773
net income                                                           140,583       119,925       126,078
preferred dividend requirements and                                        -             -           834
other earnings applicable to common equity                                $140,583      $119,925      $125,244
see notes to financial statements.
379

(page left blank intentionally)
380
table of contents entergy mississippi, llc statements of cash flows for the years ended december 31,
2020        2019        2018
-in thousands operating activities net income                                                          $140,583    $119,925    $126,078
adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flow provided by operating activities:
depreciation and amortization                                        209,252     170,886     152,577
deferred income taxes, investment tax                                 36,827      32,547      56,502
credits, and non-current taxes accrued changes in assets and liabilities:
receivables                                                           -1,889     -17,245      37,762
fuel inventory                                                        -1,978      -3,208      33,675
accounts payable                                                      22,794        -226      -7,472
taxes accrued                                                         17,423      13,109      -5,291
interest accrued                                                       1,989      -1,331      -2,670
deferred fuel costs                                                  -55,711      78,418      24,428
other working capital accounts                                           630      -5,557      -9,902
provisions for estimated losses                                       -3,517      -1,121       6,378
other regulatory assets                                              -89,369     -34,923      54,860
other regulatory liabilities                                         -18,672     -21,524    -131,856
pension and other postretirement                                      11,319       6,534      -8,405
liabilities other assets and liabilities                                          30,633       3,668      91,718
net cash flow provided by operating                                  300,314     339,952     418,382
activities investing activities construction expenditures                                           -555,287    -432,600    -387,293
allowance for equity funds used during                                 6,726       8,356       8,710
construction changes in money pool receivable - net                                44,692      -3,313     -39,747
payment for purchase of plant or assets                              -28,612    -305,472           -
other                                                                  1,719        -655      -1,123
net cash flow used in investing                                     -530,762    -733,684    -419,453
activities financing activities proceeds from the issuance of long-term                              165,385     437,153      54,449
debt retirement of long-term debt                                               -    -150,000           -
changes in money pool payable - net                                   16,516           -           -
redemption of preferred stock                                              -           -     -21,208
capital contributions from parent                                          -     130,000           -
distributions/dividends paid:
common equity                                                        -10,000           -     -10,000
preferred stock                                                            -           -        -993
other                                                                  6,964      -8,774       9,681
net cash flow provided by financing                                  178,865     408,379      31,929
activities net increase (decrease) in cash and cash                             -51,583      14,647      30,858
equivalents cash and cash equivalents at beginning                                51,601      36,954       6,096
of period cash and cash equivalents at end of                                      $18     $51,601     $36,954
period supplemental disclosure of cash flow information:
cash paid (received) during the period for:
interest - net of amount capitalized                                 $64,536     $60,533     $56,037
income taxes                                                         -$8,084    -$12,204    -$19,118
see notes to financial statements.
381
table of contents entergy mississippi, llc balance sheets assets december 31,
2020          2019
-in thousands current assets cash and cash equivalents:
cash                                                  $11           $11
temporary cash investments                              7        51,590
total cash and cash equivalents                        18        51,601
accounts receivable:
customer                                          105,732        92,050
allowance for doubtful accounts                   -19,527          -636
associated companies                                2,740        49,257
other                                              11,821        14,986
accrued unbilled revenues                          59,514        47,426
total accounts receivable                         160,280       203,083
fuel inventory - at average cost                   17,117        15,139
materials and supplies - at average cost           59,542        57,972
prepayments and other                               4,876         7,149
total                                             241,833       334,944
other property and investments non-utility property - at cost (less                4,543         4,560
accumulated depreciation)
escrow accounts                                    64,635        80,201
total                                              69,178        84,761
utility plant electric                                        6,084,730     5,672,589
construction work in progress                     134,854        88,373
total utility plant                             6,219,584     5,760,962
less - accumulated depreciation and             2,005,087     1,894,000
amortization utility plant - net                             4,214,497     3,866,962
deferred debits and other assets regulatory assets:
other regulatory assets                           467,341       377,972
other                                              14,413        10,105
total                                             481,754       388,077
total assets                                   $5,007,262    $4,674,744
see notes to financial statements.
382
table of contents entergy mississippi, llc balance sheets liabilities and equity december 31,
2020          2019
-in thousands current liabilities accounts payable:
associated companies                             $61,727       $48,090
other                                            117,629        94,729
customer deposits                                 86,200        85,938
taxes accrued                                    108,084        90,661
interest accrued                                  20,889        18,900
deferred fuel costs                               14,691        70,402
other                                             34,270        32,667
total                                            443,490       441,387
non-current liabilities accumulated deferred income taxes and            646,674       594,832
taxes accrued accumulated deferred investment tax                9,062         9,602
credits regulatory liability for income taxes -          224,000       236,988
net other regulatory liabilities                      15,828        21,512
asset retirement cost liabilities                  9,762         9,727
accumulated provisions                            46,504        50,021
pension and other postretirement                 110,901        99,406
liabilities long-term debt                                 1,780,577     1,614,129
other                                             47,730        54,989
total                                          2,891,038     2,691,206
commitments and contingencies equity member's equity                                1,672,734     1,542,151
total                                          1,672,734     1,542,151
total liabilities and equity                  $5,007,262    $4,674,744
see notes to financial statements.
383
table of contents entergy mississippi, llc statements of changes in member's equity for the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019, and 2018

member's equity
-in thousands balance at december 31, 2017                                  $1,177,870
net income                                                       126,078
common equity distributions                                      -10,000
preferred stock dividends                                           -834
other                                                               -888
balance at december 31, 2018                                  $1,292,226
net income                                                       119,925
capital contribution from parent                                 130,000
balance at december 31, 2019                                  $1,542,151
net income                                                       140,583
common equity distributions                                      -10,000
balance at december 31, 2020                                  $1,672,734
see notes to financial statements.
384
table of contents entergy mississippi, llc selected financial data -
five-year comparison
2020          2019          2018          2017          2016
-in thousands operating revenues                           $1,247,854    $1,323,043    $1,335,112    $1,198,229    $1,094,649
net income                                     $140,583      $119,925      $126,078      $110,032      $109,184
total assets                                 $5,007,262    $4,674,744    $3,946,804    $3,879,375    $3,602,140
long-term obligations (a)                    $1,780,577    $1,614,129    $1,175,750    $1,290,503    $1,141,924
(a) includes long-term debt
(excluding currently maturing debt), non-current capital lease obligations, and preferred stock without sinking fund.
2020          2019          2018          2017          2016
-dollars in millions electric operating revenues:
residential                                        $523          $562          $579          $502          $459
commercial                                          396           444           462           423           374
industrial                                          145           165           175           159           134
governmental                                         42            44            44            41            38
total billed retail                               1,106         1,215         1,260         1,125         1,005
sales for resale:
associated companies                                  -             -             1             -             1
non-associated companies                             78            39            25            18            30
other                                                64            69            49            55            59
total                                            $1,248        $1,323        $1,335        $1,198        $1,095
billed electric energy sales
(gwh):
residential                                       5,378         5,659         5,829         5,308         5,617
commercial                                        4,283         4,698         4,865         4,783         4,894
industrial                                        2,343         2,443         2,559         2,536         2,493
governmental                                        398           436           438           421           439
total retail                                     12,402        13,236        13,691        13,048        13,443
sales for resale:
non-associated companies                          4,316         1,776         1,060           857         1,021
total                                            16,718        15,012        14,751        13,905        14,464
385
table of contents entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries management
'
s financial discussion and analysis the covid-19 pandemic see " the covid-19 pandemic " section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for a discussion of the covid-19 pandemic.
hurricane zeta in october 2020, hurricane zeta caused significant damage to entergy new orleans's service area. the storm resulted in widespread power outages, significant damage to distribution and transmission infrastructure, and the loss of sales during the power outages. total restoration costs for the repair and/or replacement of entergy new orleans's electric facilities damaged by hurricane zeta are currently estimated to be approximately $40 million, including approximately $30 million in capital costs and approximately $10 million in non-capital costs. entergy new orleans is considering all available avenues to recover storm-related costs from hurricane zeta, including accessing funded storm reserve escrows and securitization. storm cost recovery or financing will be subject to review by applicable regulatory authorities.
entergy new orleans recorded accounts payable and corresponding construction work in progress and regulatory assets for the estimated costs incurred that were necessary to return customers to service. entergy new orleans recorded the regulatory assets in accordance with its accounting policies and based on the historic treatment of such costs in its service area because management believes that recovery through some form of regulatory mechanism is probable. there are well established mechanisms and precedent for addressing these catastrophic events and providing for recovery of prudently incurred storm costs in accordance with applicable regulatory and legal principles. because entergy new orleans has not gone through the regulatory process regarding these storm costs, there is an element of risk, and entergy new orleans is unable to predict with certainty the degree of success it may have in its recovery initiatives, the amount of restoration costs that it may ultimately recover, or the timing of such recovery.
february 2021 winter storms see the " february 2021 winter storms " section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for a discussion of the february 2021 winter storms. entergy new orleans's preliminary estimate for the cost of mobilizing crews and restoring power is approximately $1 million. natural gas purchases for entergy new orleans for february 1st through 25th, 2021 are approximately $15 million compared to natural gas purchases for february 2020 of $7 million.
results of operations
2020 compared to 2019
net income net income decreased $3.3 million primarily due to lower volume/weather, lower retail electric price, and higher interest expense, partially offset by a lower effective income tax rate.
386
table of contents entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis operating revenues following is an analysis of the change in operating revenues comparing 2020 to 2019.
amount
-in millions
2019 operating revenues                              $686.2
fuel, rider, and other revenues that do not           -32.5
significantly affect net income volume/weather                                        -12.5
retail electric price                                  -7.4
2020 operating revenues                              $633.8
entergy new orleans's results include revenues from rate mechanisms designed to recover fuel, purchased power, and other costs such that the revenues and expenses associated with these items generally offset and do not affect net income. "fuel, rider, and other revenues that do not significantly affect net income" includes the revenue variance associated with these items.
the volume/weather variance is primarily due to a decrease of 374 gwh, or 6.4%, in billed electricity usage, including the effect of decreased commercial and governmental usage as a result of the covid-19 pandemic and the effect of less favorable weather on residential and commercial sales, partially offset by an increase in residential usage as a result of the covid-19 pandemic. see " the covid-19 pandemic " section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for discussion of the covid-19
pandemic.
the retail electric price variance is primarily due to the effects of a rate reduction implemented with april 2020
bills that was effective august 2019 in accordance with the city council resolution and related agreement in principle reached in the 2018 base rate case. see note 2 to the financial statements for further discussion of the rate case.
other income statement variances other operation and maintenance expenses increased primarily due to:
 an increase of $4.9 million primarily due to the 2019 deferral of costs related to the 2018 rate case and a system conversion for algiers customers as a result of the 2018 combined rate case resolution approved by the city council. see note 2 to the financial statements for further discussion of the rate case resolution; and
 an increase of $3.8 million in energy efficiency costs.
the increase was partially offset by:
 a decrease of $2.4 million in gas operations costs primarily due to the deferral in 2020 of certain gas infrastructure replacement program costs as a result of the 2018 combined rate case resolution. see note 2 to the financial statements for further discussion of the rate case resolution; and
 a decrease of $2.2 million primarily due to contract costs in 2019 related to initiatives to explore new customer products and services.
depreciation and amortization expenses increased primarily due to additions to plant in service.
387
table of contents entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis other regulatory charges - net include regulatory credits recorded in the first quarter 2020 to reflect compliance with terms of the 2018 combined rate case resolution approved by the city council in february 2020. see note 2 to the financial statements for further discussion of the rate case resolution.
interest expense increased primarily due to the issuance of:
 a $70 million term loan at 3.0% in december 2019;
 $78 million of 3.00% series mortgage bonds in march 2020; and
 $62 million of 3.75% series mortgage bonds in march 2020.
the effective income tax rates were (9.3%) fo r 2020 and 0.4% for 2019. the difference in the effective income tax rate versus the federal statutory rate of 21% for 2020 was primarily due to the amortization of excess accumulated deferred income taxes and the completion of the 2014-2015 irs audit effectively settling the tax positions for those years. the difference in the effective income tax rate versus the federal statutory rate of 21% for 2019 was primarily due to the amortization of excess accumulated deferred income taxes. see notes 2 and 3 to the financial statements for a discussion of the effects and regulatory activity regarding the tax cuts and jobs act. see note 3
to the financial statements for a reconciliation of the federal statutory rate of 21% to the effective income tax rates.
2019 compared to 2018
see " management's financial discussion and analysis - results of operations " in item 7 of entergy new orleans's annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2019, filed with the sec on february 21, 2020, for discussion of results of operations for 2019 compared to 2018.
liquidity and capital resources cash flow cash flows for the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019, and 2018 were as follows:
2020        2019        2018
-in thousands cash and cash equivalents at beginning           $6,017     $19,677     $32,741
of period net cash provided by (used in):
operating activities                             64,024     115,604     171,778
investing activities                           -220,845    -204,310    -207,616
financing activities                            150,830      75,046      22,774
net decrease in cash and cash                    -5,991     -13,660     -13,064
equivalents cash and cash equivalents at end of                 $26      $6,017     $19,677
period
2020 compared to 2019
operating activities net cash flow provided by operating activities decreased $51.6 million in 2020 primarily due to:
 lower collections of receivables from customers, in part due to the covid-19 pandemic;
 the timing of recovery of fuel and purchased power costs; and
388
table of contents entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis
 income tax payments of $3.4 million made in 2020 compared to income tax refunds of $5.3 million received in 2019, each in accordance with an intercompany income tax allocation agreement. the income tax refunds resulted from the utilization of entergy new orleans's net operating loss.
the decrease was partially offset by the timing of payments to vendors.
investing activities net cash flow used in investing activities increased $16.5 million in 2020 primarily due to:
 an increase of $12.4 million in distribution construction expenditures primarily due to investment in the reliability and infrastructure of entergy new orleans's distribution system, including increased spending on advanced metering infrastructure;
 money pool activity;
 an increase of $10.8 million in storm spending in 2020, primarily due to hurricane zeta restoration efforts. see
" hurricane zeta " above for discussion of hurricane restoration efforts; and
 an increase of $5.1 million in facilities construction expenditures primarily due to a higher scope of work performed in 2020.
the increase was partially offset by:
 a decrease of $16.2 million in non-nuclear generation construction expenditures primarily due to lower spending in 2020 on the new orleans power station project, partially offset by higher spending in 2020 on the new orleans solar station project; and
 a decrease of $7.5 million in transmission construction expenditures primarily due to lower spending in 2020 on the new orleans power station project.
decreases in entergy new orleans's receivable from the money pool are a source of cash flow, and entergy new orleans's receivable from the money pool decreased $5.2 million in 2020 compared to decreasing $16.8 million in
2019. the money pool is an inter-company borrowing arrangement designed to reduce the utility subsidiaries' need for external short-term borrowings.
financing activities net cash flow provided by financing activities increased $75.8 million primarily due to a capital contribution received from entergy corporation of $60 million in november 2020 in order to maintain entergy new orleans's capital structure and money pool activity.
increases in entergy new orleans's payable to the money pool are a source of cash flow, and entergy new orleans's payable to the money pool increased $10.2 million in 2020.
2019 compared to 2018
see " management's financial discussion and analysis - liquidity and capital resources - cash flow " in item 7 of entergy new orleans's annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2019, filed with the sec on february 21, 2020, for discussion of operating, investing, and financing cash flow activities for 2019 compared to
2018.
389
table of contents entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis capital structure entergy new orleans's debt to capital ratio is shown in the following table. the decrease in the debt to capital ratio is primarily due to an increase in equity resulting from a $60 million capital contribution received from entergy corporation in 2020 and net income, partially offset by the net issuance of long-term debt in 2020.
december 31,        december 31,
2020                2019

debt to capital                                     51.5  %             53.1  %
effect of excluding securitization bonds            (1.6  %)            (2.4  %)
debt to capital, excluding                          49.9  %             50.7  %
securitization bonds (a)
effect of subtracting cash                             -  %             (0.3  %)
net debt to net capital, excluding                  49.9  %             50.4  %
securitization bonds (a)
(a) calculation excludes the securitization bonds, which are non-recourse to entergy new orleans.
net debt consists of debt less cash and cash equivalents. debt consists of short-term borrowings, finance lease obligations, long-term debt, including the currently maturing portion, and the long-term payable due to an associated company. capital consists of debt and equity. net capital consists of capital less cash and cash equivalents. entergy new orleans uses the debt to capital ratios excluding securitization bonds in analyzing its financial condition and believes they provide useful information to its investors and creditors in evaluating entergy new orleans's financial condition because the securitization bonds are non-recourse to entergy new orleans, as more fully described in note 5 to the financial statements. entergy new orleans also uses the net debt to net capital ratio excluding securitization bonds in analyzing its financial condition and believes it provides useful information to its investors and creditors in evaluating entergy new orleans's financial condition because net debt indicates entergy new orleans's outstanding debt position that could not be readily satisfied by cash and cash equivalents on hand.
entergy new orleans seeks to optimize its capital structure in accordance with its regulatory requirements and to control its cost of capital while also maintaining equity capitalization at a level consistent with investment-
grade debt ratings. to the extent that operating cash flows are in excess of planned investments, cash may be used to reduce outstanding debt or may be paid as a distribution, or both, in appropriate amounts to maintain the capital structure. to the extent that operating cash flows are insufficient to support planned investments, entergy new orleans may issue incremental debt or reduce distributions, or both, to maintain its capital structure. in addition, in certain infrequent circumstances, such as financing of large transactions that would materially alter the capital structure if financed entirely with debt and reducing distributions, entergy new orleans may receive equity contributions to maintain its capital structure.
uses of capital entergy new orleans requires capital resources for:
 construction and other capital investments;
 working capital purposes, including the financing of fuel and purchased power costs;
 debt maturities or retirements; and
 distribution and interest payments.
390
table of contents entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis following are the amounts of entergy new orleans's planned construction and other capital investments.
2021    2022    2023
-in millions planned construction and capital investment:
generation                                   $10     $15      $5
transmission                                  20      25      20
distribution                                  90     125     120
utility support                               20      15      10
total                                       $140    $180    $155
in addition to the planned spending in the table above, entergy new orleans also expects to pay for $25 million of capital investments in 2021 related to hurricane zeta restoration work that have been accrued as of december 31,
2020.
following are the amounts of entergy new orleans's existing debt and lease obligations (includes estimated interest payments) and other purchase obligations.
2021    2022-2023    2024-2025    after 2025     total
-in millions long-term debt (a)                   $37         $240         $119          $686    $1,082
operating leases (b)                  $2           $2           $1            $1        $6
finance leases (b)                    $1           $1           $1            $1        $4
purchase obligations (c)            $217         $438         $419        $3,287    $4,361
(a) includes estimated interest payments. long-term debt is discussed in note 5 to the financial statements.
(b) lease obligations are discussed in note 10 to the financial statements.
(c) purchase obligations represent the minimum purchase obligation or cancellation charge for contractual obligations to purchase goods or services. for entergy new orleans, almost all of the total consists of unconditional fuel and purchased power obligations, including its obligations under the unit power sales agreement, which is discussed in note 8 to the financial statements.
in addition to the contractual obligations given above, entergy new orleans currently expects to contribute approximately $5.4 million to its qualified pension plan and approximately $175 thousand to other postretirement health care and life insurance plans in 2021, although the 2021 required pension contributions will be known with more certainty when the january 1, 2021 valuations are completed, which is expected by april 1, 2021. see "
critical accounting estimates - qualified pension and other postretirement benefits " below for a discussion of qualified pension and other postretirement benefits funding.
also in addition to the contractual obligations, entergy new orleans has $187.6 million of unrecognized tax benefits and interest net of unused tax attributes and payments for which the timing of payments beyond 12 months cannot be reasonably estimated due to uncertainties in the timing of effective settlement of tax positions. see note 3 to the financial statements for additional information regarding unrecognized tax benefits.
in addition to routine capital spending to maintain operations, the planned capital investment estimate for entergy new orleans includes transmission projects to enhance reliability, reduce congestion, and enable economic growth;
distribution spending to enhance reliability and improve service to customers, including advanced meters and related investments; resource planning, including potential generation and renewables projects; system improvements; software and security; and other investments. estimated capital expenditures are subject to periodic review and modification and may vary based on the ongoing effects of regulatory constraints and requirements, environmental compliance, business opportunities, market volatility, economic trends, business restructuring,
391
table of contents entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis changes in project plans, and the ability to access capital. management provides more information on long-term debt and preferred stock maturities in notes 5 and 6 to the financial statements.
as a wholly-owned subsidiary of entergy utility holding company, llc, entergy new orleans pays distributions from its earnings at a percentage determined monthly.
gas infrastructure rebuild plan in september 2016, entergy new orleans submitted to the city council a request for authorization for entergy new orleans to proceed with annual incremental capital funding of $12.5 million for its gas infrastructure rebuild plan, which would replace all of entergy new orleans's low pressure cast iron, steel, and vintage plastic pipe over a ten-year period commencing in 2017. entergy new orleans also proposed that recovery of the investment to fund its gas infrastructure replacement plan be determined in connection with its next base rate case. the city council authorized entergy new orleans to proceed with its replacement plans and established a schedule for proceedings in advance of the rate case intended to provide an opportunity for evaluation of the gas infrastructure plan that would best serve the public interest and the effect on customers of the approval of any such plan. in the course of that proceeding, the city council's advisors submitted pre-filed testimony recommending that entergy new orleans be allowed to continue with its condition-based approach to gas pipeline replacement to replace approximately 238
miles of low pressure pipe at a rate of approximately 25 miles per year. the city council's advisors also recommended that entergy new orleans be required to adhere to certain reporting requirements and recognized the need to address the sustained level of investment in gas infrastructure on customer bills. in september 2017, entergy new orleans filed rebuttal testimony suggesting that its recovery of future investment and customer effects would be addressed in the rate case that entergy new orleans was required to file in july 2018. the procedural schedule was suspended in order to allow for resolution in the rate case proceeding. as a result of the rate case, the city council approved the planned gas rebuild expenditures through 2019, but rejected entergy new orleans's proposed gas infrastructure rider. in april 2020, entergy new orleans submitted its gas infrastructure rebuild plan to the city council, which maintained the previously proposed timeline and cost estimates, but included measures to spread out the cost impact to customers of the program.
renewables in july 2018, entergy new orleans filed an application with the city council requesting approval of three utility-
scale solar projects totaling 90 mw. if approved, the resource additions will allow entergy new orleans to make significant progress towards meeting its voluntary commitment to the city council to add up to 100 mw of renewable energy resources. the three projects include constructing a self-build solar plant in orleans parish with an output of 20 mw, acquiring a 50 mw solar facility in washington parish through a build-own-transfer acquisition, and procuring 20 mw of solar power from a project to be built in st. james parish through a power purchase agreement.
in december 2018 the city council advisors requested that entergy new orleans pursue alternative deal structures for the washington parish project and attempt to reduce costs for the 20 mw new orleans solar station. as a result of settlement discussions, in march 2019, entergy new orleans revised its application to convert the build-own transfer acquisition of the 50 mw facility in washington parish to a power purchase agreement. in june 2019 the parties to the proceeding executed a stipulated settlement term sheet, which recommends that the city council approve entergy new orleans's revised application as to all three projects. in july 2019 the city council approved the stipulated settlement. commercial operation of the 20 mw new orleans solar station commenced in december 2020.
entergy new orleans expects to begin receiving power under the 50 mw iris solar and the 20 mw st. james solar power purchase agreements by third quarter 2021.
sources of capital entergy new orleans's sources to meet its capital requirements include:
 internally generated funds;
392
table of contents entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis
 cash on hand;
 storm reserve escrow accounts;
 debt and preferred membership interest issuances, including debt issuances to refund or retire currently outstanding or maturing indebtedness;
 capital contributions; and
 bank financing under new or existing facilities.
entergy new orleans may refinance, redeem, or otherwise retire debt prior to maturity, to the extent market conditions and interest rates are favorable.
all debt and common and preferred membership interest issuances by entergy new orleans require prior regulatory approval. debt issuances are also subject to issuance tests set forth in its bond indentures and other agreements.
entergy new orleans has sufficient capacity under these tests to meet its foreseeable capital needs.
entergy new orleans's receivables from or (payables to) the money pool were as follows as of december 31 for each of the following years.
2020                2019       2018       2017
(in thousands)
($10,190)         $5,191    $22,016    $12,723
see note 4 to the financial statements for a description of the money pool.
entergy new orleans has a credit facility in the amount of $25 million scheduled to expire in november 2021. the credit facility includes fronting commitments for the issuance of letters of credit against $10 million of the borrowing capacity of the facility. as of december 31, 2020, there were no cash borrowings and an $0.8 million letter of credit outstanding under the facility. in addition, entergy new orleans is a party to an uncommitted letter of credit facility as a means to post collateral to support its obligations to miso. as of december 31,
2020, a $1 million letter of credit was outstanding under entergy new orleans's letter of credit facility. see note
4 to the financial statements for additional discussion of the credit facilities.
entergy new orleans obtained authorization from the ferc through july 2022 for short-term borrowings not to exceed an aggregate amount of $150 million at any time outstanding and long-term borrowings and securities issuances. see note 4 to the financial statements for further discussion of entergy new orleans's short-term borrowing limits. the long-term securities issuances of entergy new orleans are limited to amounts authorized not only by the ferc, but also by the city council, and the current city council authorization extends through july 2022.
state and local rate regulation the rates that entergy new orleans charges for electricity and natural gas significantly influence its financial position, results of operations, and liquidity. entergy new orleans is regulated and the rates charged to its customers are determined in regulatory proceedings. a governmental agency, the city council, is primarily responsible for approval of the rates charged to customers.
retail rates energy efficiency in december 2019, entergy new orleans filed an application with the city council seeking approval of an implementation plan for the energy smart program from april 2020 through december 2022. entergy new orleans proposed to recover the costs of the program through mechanisms previously approved by the city council
393
table of contents entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis or through the energy efficiency cost recovery rider, which was approved in the 2018 combined rate case resolution.
in january 2020 the city council's advisors recommended that, beginning with program year 10, the city council allow entergy new orleans to earn a utility performance incentive of 7% of energy smart costs for each year in which entergy new orleans achieves 100% of the city council's savings targets for energy smart. in february 2020
the city council approved entergy new orleans's application.
2018 base rate case in september 2018, entergy new orleans filed an electric and gas base rate case with the city council. the filing requested a 10.5% return on equity for electric operations with opportunity to earn a 10.75% return on equity through a performance adder provision of the electric formula rate plan in subsequent years under a formula rate plan and requested a 10.75% return on equity for gas operations. the proposed electric rates in the revised filing reflect a net reduction of $20.3 million. the reduction in electric rates includes a base rate increase of $135.2
million, of which $131.5 million is associated with moving costs currently collected through fuel and other riders into base rates, plus a request for an advanced metering surcharge to recover $7.1 million associated with advanced metering infrastructure, offset by a net decrease of $31.1 million related to fuel and other riders. the filing also included a proposed gas rate decrease of $142 thousand. entergy new orleans's rates reflected the inclusion of federal income tax reductions due to the tax act and the provisions of a previously-approved agreement in principle determining how the benefits of the tax act would flow. entergy new orleans included cost of service studies for electric and gas operations for the twelve months ended december 31, 2017 and the projected twelve months ending december 31, 2018. in addition, entergy new orleans included capital additions expected to be placed into service for the period through december 31, 2019. entergy new orleans based its request for a change in rates on the projected twelve months ending december 31, 2018.
the filing's major provisions included: (1) a new electric rate structure, which realigns the revenue requirement associated with capacity and long-term service agreement expense from certain existing riders to base revenue, provides for the recovery of the cost of advanced metering infrastructure, and partially blends rates for entergy new orleans's customers residing in algiers with customers residing in the remainder of orleans parish through a three-year phase-in; (2) contemporaneous cost recovery riders for investments in energy efficiency/demand response, incremental changes in capacity/long-term service agreement costs, grid modernization investment, and gas infrastructure replacement investment; and (3) formula rate plans for both electric and gas operations. in february
2019 the city council's advisors and several intervenors filed testimony in response to entergy new orleans's application. the city council's advisors recommended, among other things, overall rate reductions of approximately
$33 million in electric rates and $3.8 million in gas rates. certain intervenors recommended overall rate reductions of up to approximately $49 million in electric rates and $5 million in gas rates. an evidentiary hearing was held in june 2019, and the record and post-hearing briefs were submitted in july 2019.
in october 2019 the city council's utility committee approved a resolution for a change in electric and gas rates for consideration by the full city council that included a 9.35% return on common equity, an equity ratio of the lesser of 50% or entergy new orleans's actual equity ratio, and a total reduction in revenues that entergy new orleans initially estimated to be approximately $39 million ($36 million electric; $3 million gas). at its november
7, 2019 meeting, the full city council approved the resolution that had previously been approved by the city council's utility committee. based on the approved resolution, in the fourth quarter 2019 entergy new orleans recorded an accrual of $10 million that reflects the estimate of the revenue billed in 2019 to be refunded to customers in 2020 based on an august 2019 effective date for the rate decrease. entergy new orleans also recorded a total of $12 million in regulatory assets for rate case costs and information technology costs associated with integrating algiers customers with entergy new orleans's legacy system and records. entergy new orleans will also be allowed to recover $10 million of retired general plant costs over a 20-year period.
the resolution directed entergy new orleans to submit a compliance filing within 30 days of the date of the resolution to facilitate the eventual implementation of rates, including all necessary calculations and conforming rate schedules and riders. the electric formula rate plan rider includes, among other things, 1) a provision for
394
table of contents entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis forward-looking adjustments to include known and measurable changes realized up to 12 months after the evaluation period; 2) a decoupling mechanism; and 3) recognition that entergy new orleans is authorized to make an in-service adjustment to the formula rate plan to include the non-fuel cost of the new orleans power station in rates, unless the two pending appeals in the new orleans power station proceeding have not concluded. under this circumstance, entergy new orleans shall be permitted to defer the new orleans power station non-fuel costs, including the cost of capital, until entergy new orleans commences non-fuel cost recovery. after taking into account the requirements for submission of the compliance filing, the total annual revenue requirement reduction required by the resolution was refined to approximately $45 million ($42 million electric, including $29 million in rider reductions; $3 million gas). in january 2020 the city council's advisors found that the rates calculated by entergy new orleans and reflected in the december 2019 compliance filing should be implemented, except with respect to the city council-
approved energy efficiency cost recovery rider, which rider calculation should take into account events to be determined by the city council in the future. also in response to the resolution, entergy new orleans filed timely a petition for appeal and judicial review and for stay of or injunctive relief alleging that the resolution is unlawful in failing to produce just and reasonable rates. a hearing on the requested injunction was scheduled in civil district court for february 2020, but by joint motion of the city council and entergy new orleans, the civil district court issued an order for a limited remand to the city council to consider a potential agreement in principle/stipulation at its february 20, 2020 meeting. on february 17, 2020, entergy new orleans filed with the city council an agreement in principle between entergy new orleans and the city council's advisors. on february 20,
2020, the city council voted to approve the proposed agreement in principle and issued a resolution modifying the required treatment of certain accumulated deferred income taxes. as a result of the agreement in principle, the total annual revenue requirement reduction will be approximately $45 million ($42 million electric, including $29
million in rider reductions; and $3 million gas). entergy new orleans fully implemented the new rates in april
2020. in january 2021, pursuant to the agreement in principle approved by the city council in october 2020, entergy new orleans filed with civil district court a motion seeking to dismiss its petition for judicial review of the city council's resolution in the 2018 combined rate case.
commercial operation of the new orleans power station commenced in may 2020. in accordance with the city council resolution issued in the 2018 base rate case proceeding, entergy new orleans had been deferring the new orleans power station non-fuel costs pending the conclusion of the appellate proceedings. in october 2020 the louisiana supreme court denied all writ applications relating to the new orleans power station. with those denials, entergy new orleans began recovering new orleans power station costs in rates in november 2020. as of december 31, 2020 the regulatory asset for the deferral of new orleans power station non-fuel costs was $5 million. entergy new orleans is recovering the costs over a five-year period that began in november 2020. in december 2020 the alliance for affordable energy and sierra club filed a joint motion with the city council to institute a prudence review to investigate the costs of the new orleans power station. on january 28, 2021, the city council passed a resolution giving parties 30 days to respond to the motion. entergy new orleans plans to respond to the motion.
2020 formula rate plan filing entergy new orleans's first annual filing under the three-year formula rate plan approved by the city council in november 2019 was originally due to be filed in april 2020. the authorized return on equity under the approved three-year formula rate plan is 9.35% for both electric and gas operations. the city council approved several extensions of the deadline to allow additional time to assess the effects of the covid-19 pandemic on the new orleans community, entergy new orleans customers, and entergy new orleans itself. in october 2020 the city council approved an agreement in principle filed by entergy new orleans that results in entergy new orleans foregoing its
2020 formula rate plan filing and shifting the three-year formula rate plan to filings in 2021, 2022, and 2023. key provisions of the agreement in principle include: changing the lower of actual equity ratio or 50% equity ratio approved in the rate case to a hypothetical capital structure of 51% equity and 49% debt for the duration of the three-year formula rate plan; changing the 2% depreciation rate for the new orleans power station approved in the rate case to 3%; retention of over-recovery of $2.2 million in rider revenues; recovery of $1.4 million of certain rate
395
table of contents entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis case expenses outside of the earnings band; recovery of the new orleans solar station costs upon commercial operation; and entergy new orleans's dismissal of its 2018 rate case appeal.
covid-19 orders in march 2020, entergy new orleans voluntarily suspended customer disconnections for non-payment of utility bills through may 2020. subsequently, the city council ordered that the moratorium be extended to august 1, 2020. in may
2020 the city council issued an accounting order authorizing entergy new orleans to establish a regulatory asset for incremental covid-19-related expenses. in january 2021, entergy new orleans resumed disconnecting service to commercial and small business customers with past-due balances that have not made payment arrangements. in february
2021 the city council adopted a resolution suspending residential customer disconnections for non-payment of utility bills and suspending the assessment and accumulation of late fees on residential customers with past-due balances through may 15, 2021. as of december 31, 2020, entergy new orleans recorded a regulatory asset of $14.3
million for costs associated with the covid-19 pandemic.
in june 2020 the city council established the city council cares program and directed entergy new orleans to use the approximately $7 million refund received from the entergy arkansas opportunity sales ferc proceeding, currently being held in escrow, and approximately $15 million of non-securitized storm reserves to fund this program, which is intended to provide temporary bill relief to customers who become unemployed during the covid-19 pandemic. the program became effective july 1, 2020, and offers qualifying residential customers bill credits of $100 per month for up to four months, for a maximum of $400 in residential customer bill credits. as of december 31, 2020, credits of $3.4 million have been applied to customer bills under the city council cares program.
fuel and purchased power cost recovery entergy new orleans's electric rate schedules include a fuel adjustment tariff designed to reflect no more than targeted fuel and purchased power costs, adjusted by a surcharge or credit for deferred fuel expense arising from the monthly reconciliation of actual fuel and purchased power costs incurred with fuel cost revenues billed to customers, including carrying charges.
entergy new orleans's gas rate schedules include a purchased gas adjustment to reflect estimated gas costs for the billing month, adjusted by a surcharge or credit similar to that included in the electric fuel adjustment clause, including carrying charges.
show cause order in july 2016 the city council approved the issuance of a show cause order, which directed entergy new orleans to make a filing on or before september 29, 2016 to demonstrate the reasonableness of its actions or positions with regard to certain issues in four existing dockets that relate to entergy new orleans's: (i) storm hardening proposal; (ii) 2015 integrated resource plan; (iii) gas infrastructure rebuild proposal; and (iv) proposed sizing of the new orleans power station and its community outreach prior to the filing. in september 2016, entergy new orleans filed its response to the city council's show cause order. the city council has not established any further procedural schedule with regard to this proceeding.
reliability investigation in august 2017 the city council established a docket to investigate the reliability of the entergy new orleans distribution system and to consider implementing certain reliability standards and possible financial penalties for not meeting any such standards. in april 2018 the city council adopted a resolution directing entergy new orleans to demonstrate that it has been prudent in the management and maintenance of the reliability of its distribution system. the resolution also called for entergy new orleans to file a revised reliability plan addressing
396
table of contents entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis the current state of its distribution system and proposing remedial measures for increasing reliability. in june
2018, entergy new orleans filed its response to the city council's resolution regarding the prudence of its management and maintenance of the reliability of its distribution system. in july 2018, entergy new orleans filed its revised reliability plan discussing the various reliability programs that it uses to improve distribution system reliability and discussing generally the positive effect that advanced meter deployment and grid modernization can have on future reliability. entergy new orleans has retained a national consulting firm with expertise in distribution system reliability to conduct a review of entergy new orleans's distribution system reliability-related practices and procedures and to provide recommendations for improving distribution system reliability. the report was filed with the city council in october 2018. the city council also approved a resolution that opens a prudence investigation into whether entergy new orleans was imprudent for not acting sooner to address outages in new orleans and whether fines should be imposed. in january 2019, entergy new orleans filed testimony in response to the prudence investigation and asserting that it had been prudent in managing system reliability. in april 2019 the city council advisors filed comments and testimony asserting that entergy new orleans did not act prudently in maintaining and improving its distribution system reliability in recent years and recommending that a financial penalty in the range of $1.5 million to $2 million should be assessed. entergy new orleans disagrees with the recommendation and submitted rebuttal testimony and rebuttal comments in june 2019. in november 2019 the city council passed a resolution that penalized entergy new orleans $1 million for alleged imprudence in the maintenance of its distribution system. in december 2019, entergy new orleans filed suit in louisiana state court seeking judicial review of the city council's resolution. although the city council evidentiary record has been lodged with the civil district count, the court has not yet established a briefing schedule.
renewable portfolio standard rulemaking in march 2019 the city council initiated a rulemaking proceeding to consider whether to establish a renewable portfolio standard. the rulemaking will consider, among other issues, whether to adopt a renewable portfolio standard, whether such standard should be voluntary or mandatory, what kinds of technologies should qualify for inclusion in the rules, what level, if any, of renewable generation should be required, and whether penalties are an appropriate component of the proposed rules. parties to the proceeding submitted initial comments in june 2019
and reply comments in july 2019. entergy new orleans recommends that the city council adopt a voluntary clean energy standard of 70% of generation being clean energy by 2030, as so defined, which, in addition to renewable generation, would include nuclear, beneficial electrification, and demand-side management as compliant technologies. several other industry leaders, academic researchers, and environmental advocates filed comments also supporting a clean energy standard. other parties, including many representatives of the solar and wind industry, are recommending mandatory, renewables-only requirements of up to 100% renewable resources by 2040. in september
2019 the city council advisors issued a report and recommendations, which also put forth three alternative rules for comment from the parties. comments were submitted in october 2019 and replies were filed in november 2019. in march 2020 the city council's utility committee recommended a resolution for approval by the city council that directed the city council advisors to work toward development of a rule for enacting a renewable and clean portfolio standard. the four components of the renewable and clean portfolio standard that the city council expressed a desire to implement are: (1) a mandatory requirement that entergy new orleans achieve 100% net zero carbon emissions by 2040; (2) reliance on renewable energy credits purchased without the associated energy for compliance with the standard being phased out over the ten-year period from 2040 to 2050; (3) no carbon-emitting resources in the portfolio of resources entergy new orleans uses to serve new orleans by 2050; and (4) a mechanism to limit costs in any one plan year to no more than one percent of plan year total utility retail sales revenues.
the city council adopted the utility committee resolution in april 2020. the first technical meeting of the parties occurred in june 2020; a second technical meeting occurred in july 2020. in august 2020 the city council advisors issued a final draft of the rules for review and comment from the parties before final rules are proposed for consideration by the city council. entergy new orleans filed comments in september and october 2020. a city council decision is expected in the first quarter 2021.
397
table of contents entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis federal regulation see the " rate, cost-recovery, and other regulation - federal regulation " section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis and note 2 to the financial statements for a discussion of federal regulation.
nuclear matters see the " nuclear matters " section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for a discussion of nuclear matters.
environmental risks entergy new orleans's facilities and operations are subject to regulation by various governmental authorities having jurisdiction over air quality, water quality, control of toxic substances and hazardous solid wastes, and other environmental matters. management believes that entergy new orleans is in substantial compliance with environmental regulations currently applicable to its facilities and operations, with reference to possible exceptions noted in " regulation of entergy's business - environmental regulation " in part i, item 1. because environmental regulations are subject to change, future compliance costs cannot be precisely estimated.
critical accounting estimates the preparation of entergy new orleans's financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to apply appropriate accounting policies and to make estimates and judgments that can have a significant effect on reported financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. management has identified the following accounting policies and estimates as critical because they are based on assumptions and measurements that involve a high degree of uncertainty, and there is the potential for future changes in the assumptions and measurements that could produce estimates that would have a material impact on the presentation of entergy new orleans's financial position or results of operations.
utility regulatory accounting see " utility regulatory accounting " in the " critical accounting estimates " section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for discussion of accounting for the effects of rate regulation.
impairment of long-lived assets see " impairment of long-lived assets " in the " critical accounting estimates " section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for discussion of the estimates associated with the impairment of long-lived assets.
taxation and uncertain tax positions see " taxation and uncertain tax positions " in the " critical accounting estimates " section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for further discussion.
qualified pension and other postretirement benefits entergy new orleans's qualified pension and other postretirement reported costs, as described in note 11 to the financial statements, are impacted by numerous factors including the provisions of the plans, changing employee demographics, and various actuarial calculations, assumptions, and accounting mechanisms. see the " qualified pension and other postretirement benefits " in the " critical accounting estimates " section of entergy
398
table of contents entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for further discussion. because of the complexity of these calculations, the long-term nature of these obligations, and the importance of the assumptions utilized, entergy's estimate of these costs is a critical accounting estimate.
cost sensitivity the following chart reflects the sensitivity of qualified pension cost and qualified projected benefit obligation to changes in certain actuarial assumptions (dollars in thousands).
impact on 2021 qualified      impact on 2020 projected actuarial assumption          change in assumption                   pension cost             qualified benefit obligation increase/(decrease)
discount rate                 -0.25%                                         $303                        $5,858
rate of return on plan        -0.25%                                         $388                            $-
assets rate of increase in           0.25%                                          $225                        $1,060
compensation the following chart reflects the sensitivity of postretirement benefit cost and accumulated postretirement benefit obligation to changes in certain actuarial assumptions (dollars in thousands).
impact on 2021       impact on 2020 accumulated actuarial assumption      change in assumption     postretirement benefit cost           postretirement benefit obligation increase/(decrease)
discount rate             -0.25%                                           $76                             $893
health care cost trend    0.25%                                            $82                             $571
each fluctuation above assumes that the other components of the calculation are held constant.
costs and employer contributions total qualified pension cost for entergy new orleans in 2020 was $6 million. entergy new orleans anticipates 2021
qualified pension cost to be $5.9 million. entergy new orleans contributed $4.6 million to its qualified pension plans in 2020 and estimates 2021 pension contributions will be approximately $5.4 million, although the 2021
required pension contributions will be known with more certainty when the january 1, 2021 valuations are completed, which is expected by april 1, 2021.
total postretirement health care and life insurance benefit income for entergy new orleans in 2020 was $4.9
million. entergy new orleans expects 2021 postretirement health care and life insurance benefit income of approximately $6.4 million. entergy new orleans contributed $641 thousand to its other postretirement plans in 2020
and estimates 2021 contributions will be approximately $175 thousand.
other contingencies see " other contingencies " in the " critical accounting estimates " section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for a discussion of the estimates associated with environmental, litigation, and other risks.
new accounting pronouncements see " new accounting pronouncements " section of note 1 to the financial statements for a discussion of new accounting pronouncements.
399
table of contents report of independent registered public accounting firm to the member and board of directors of entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries opinion on the financial statements we have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries (the
"company") as of december 31, 2020 and 2019, the related consolidated statements of income, cash flows, and changes in member's equity (pages 402 through 406 and applicable items in pages 51 through 238), for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2020, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). in our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the company as of december 31, 2020 and 2019, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2020, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america.
basis for opinion these financial statements are the responsibility of the company's management. our responsibility is to express an opinion on the company's financial statements based on our audits. we are a public accounting firm registered with the public company accounting oversight board (united states) (pcaob) and are required to be independent with respect to the company in accordance with the u.s. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the securities and exchange commission and the pcaob.
we conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the pcaob. those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. the company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. as part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the company's internal control over financial reporting. accordingly, we express no such opinion.
our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. we believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
critical audit matter the critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. the communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.
rate and regulatory matters- entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries - refer to note 2 to the financial statements critical audit matter description the company is subject to rate regulation by the council of the city of new orleans, louisiana (the "city council"), which has jurisdiction with respect to the rates of electric companies in the city of new orleans, louisiana, and to wholesale rate regulation by the federal energy regulatory commission ("ferc"). management has determined it meets the requirements under accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america to prepare its financial statements applying the specialized rules to account for the effects of cost-based
400
table of contents rate regulation. accounting for the economics of rate regulation impacts multiple financial statement line items and disclosures, such as property, plant, and equipment; regulatory assets and liabilities; income taxes; operating revenues; operation and maintenance expense; and depreciation and amortization expense.
the company's rates are subject to regulatory rate-setting processes and annual earnings oversight. because the city council and the ferc set the rates the company is allowed to charge customers based on allowable costs, including a reasonable return on equity, the company applies accounting standards that require the financial statements to reflect the effects of rate regulation, including the recording of regulatory assets and liabilities.
the company assesses whether the regulatory assets and regulatory liabilities continue to meet the criteria for probable future recovery or settlement at each balance sheet date and when regulatory events occur. this assessment includes consideration of recent rate orders, historical regulatory treatment for similar costs, and factors such as changes in applicable regulatory and political environments. while the company has indicated it expects to recover costs from customers through regulated rates, there is a risk that the city council and the ferc will not approve: (1) full recovery of the costs of providing utility service, or (2) full recovery of amounts invested in the utility business and a reasonable return on that investment.
we identified the impact of rate regulation as a critical audit matter due to the significant judgments made by management to support its assertions about impacted account balances and disclosures and the high degree of subjectivity involved in assessing the impact of future regulatory orders on the financial statements. management judgments include assessing the likelihood of recovery in future rates of incurred costs and refunds to customers.
auditing management's judgments regarding the outcome of future decisions by the city council and the ferc, involved especially subjective judgment and specialized knowledge of accounting for rate regulation and the rate setting process.
how the critical audit matter was addressed in the audit our audit procedures related to the uncertainty of future decisions by the city council and the ferc included the following, among others:
 we tested the effectiveness of management's controls over the evaluation of the likelihood of (1) the recovery in future rates of costs incurred as property, plant, and equipment and deferred as regulatory assets, and (2) a refund or a future reduction in rates that should be reported as regulatory liabilities. we also tested the effectiveness of management's controls over the initial recognition of amounts as property, plant, and equipment;
regulatory assets or liabilities; and the monitoring and evaluation of regulatory developments that may affect the likelihood of recovering costs in future rates or of a future reduction in rates.
 we evaluated the company's disclosures related to the impacts of rate regulation, including the balances recorded and regulatory developments.
 we read relevant regulatory orders issued by the city council and the ferc for the company and other public utilities, regulatory statutes, interpretations, procedural memorandums, filings made by intervenors, and other publicly available information to assess the likelihood of recovery in future rates or of a future reduction in rates based on precedents of the city council's and the ferc's treatment of similar costs under similar circumstances. we evaluated the external information and compared to management's recorded regulatory asset and liability balances for completeness.
 for regulatory matters in process, we inspected the company's filings with the city council and the ferc, including the base rate case filing, and considered the filings with the city council and the ferc by intervenors that may impact the company's future rates, for any evidence that might contradict management's assertions .
 we obtained an analysis from management and support from internal and external legal counsel, as appropriate, regarding probability of recovery for regulatory assets or refund or future reduction in rates for regulatory liabilities not yet addressed in a regulatory order to assess management's assertion that amounts are probable of recovery or a future reduction in rates.
/s/ deloitte & touche llp new orleans, louisiana february 26, 2021
we have served as the company's auditor since 2001.
401
table of contents entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries consolidated income statements for the years ended december 31,
2020        2019        2018
-in thousands operating revenues electric                                                            $560,632    $594,417    $624,733
natural gas                                                           73,209      91,806      92,657
total                                                                633,841     686,223     717,390
operating expenses operation and maintenance:
fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas                                  76,781     105,217     114,787
purchased for resale purchased power                                                      243,572     258,306     270,634
other operation and maintenance                                      125,756     121,057     124,293
taxes other than income taxes                                         57,454      55,270      56,141
depreciation and amortization                                         64,012      56,072      55,930
other regulatory charges - net                                         1,854      21,616      21,413
total                                                                569,429     617,538     643,198
operating income                                                      64,412      68,685      74,192
other income (deductions)
allowance for equity funds used during                                 6,339       9,941       5,941
construction interest and investment income                                           120         428         604
miscellaneous - net                                                      316      -6,038     -10,444
total                                                                  6,775       4,331      -3,899
interest expense interest expense                                                      29,105      24,463      21,772
allowance for borrowed funds used during                              -3,049      -4,262      -2,195
construction total                                                                 26,056      20,201      19,577
income before income taxes                                            45,131      52,815      50,716
income taxes                                                          -4,207         186      -2,436
net income                                                           $49,338     $52,629     $53,152
see notes to financial statements.
402
table of contents entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries consolidated statements of cash flows for the years ended december 31,
2020        2019        2018
-in thousands operating activities net income                                                           $49,338     $52,629     $53,152
adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flow provided by operating activities:
depreciation and amortization                                         64,012      56,072      55,930
deferred income taxes, investment tax                                  3,938      21,350      24,548
credits, and non-current taxes accrued changes in assets and liabilities:
receivables                                                          -12,003      -9,372      15,724
fuel inventory                                                           -58        -387         357
accounts payable                                                       5,582      -5,571        -385
taxes accrued                                                            398         234      30,547
interest accrued                                                       1,179         550         879
deferred fuel costs                                                   -7,048       3,630      -6,486
other working capital accounts                                       -13,156       5,021       4,146
provisions for estimated losses                                        1,356       1,948       1,511
other regulatory assets                                               -7,427     -29,567      21,637
other regulatory liabilities                                          -4,728     -22,105     -28,459
pension and other postretirement                                     -14,063     -14,624     -15,134
liabilities other assets and liabilities                                          -3,296      55,796      13,811
net cash flow provided by operating                                   64,024     115,604     171,778
activities investing activities construction expenditures                                           -228,983    -229,560    -202,186
allowance for equity funds used during                                 6,339       9,941       5,941
construction payment for purchase of assets                                        -1,584           -           -
changes in money pool receivable - net                                 5,191      16,825      -9,293
payments to storm reserve escrow account                                -433      -1,752      -1,311
receipts from storm reserve escrow                                         -           -           3
account changes in securitization account                                     -1,375         236        -770
net cash flow used in investing                                     -220,845    -204,310    -207,616
activities financing activities proceeds from the issuance of long-term                              138,925     113,876      59,234
debt retirement of long-term debt                                         -56,593     -35,376     -11,042
repayment of long-term payable due to                                 -1,838      -1,979      -2,077
associated company capital contributions from parent                                     60,000           -           -
changes in money pool payable - net                                   10,190           -           -
common equity distributions paid                                           -           -     -23,750
other                                                                    146      -1,475         409
net cash flow provided by financing                                  150,830      75,046      22,774
activities net decrease in cash and cash                                         -5,991     -13,660     -13,064
equivalents cash and cash equivalents at beginning                                 6,017      19,677      32,741
of period cash and cash equivalents at end of                                      $26      $6,017     $19,677
period supplemental disclosure of cash flow information:
cash paid (received) during the period for:
interest - net of amount capitalized                                 $26,673     $22,873     $19,840
income taxes                                                          $3,392     -$5,310    -$39,781
see notes to financial statements.
403
table of contents entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries consolidated balance sheets assets december 31,
2020          2019
-in thousands current assets cash and cash equivalents cash                                                  $26           $26
temporary cash investments                              -         5,991
total cash and cash equivalents                        26         6,017
securitization recovery trust account               3,364         1,989
accounts receivable:
customer                                           70,694        48,265
allowance for doubtful accounts                   -17,430        -3,226
associated companies                                2,381         6,280
other                                               4,248         7,378
accrued unbilled revenues                          31,069        25,453
total accounts receivable                          90,962        84,150
deferred fuel costs                                 2,130             -
fuel inventory - at average cost                    1,978         1,920
materials and supplies - at average cost           16,550        13,522
prepayments and other                               3,715         4,846
total                                             118,725       112,444
other property and investments non-utility property at cost (less                  1,016         1,016
accumulated depreciation)
storm reserve escrow account                       83,038        82,605
total                                              84,054        83,621
utility plant electric                                        1,821,638     1,467,215
natural gas                                       348,024       311,432
construction work in progress                      12,460       201,829
total utility plant                             2,182,122     1,980,476
less - accumulated depreciation and               740,796       715,406
amortization utility plant - net                             1,441,326     1,265,070
deferred debits and other assets regulatory assets:
deferred fuel costs                                 4,080         4,080
other regulatory assets (includes securitization property of $35,559as of           266,790       259,363
december 31, 2020 and $49,542as of december 31, 2019)
other                                              23,931        10,720
total                                             294,801       274,163
total assets                                   $1,938,906    $1,735,298
see notes to financial statements.
404
table of contents entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries consolidated balance sheets liabilities and equity december 31,
2020          2019
-in thousands current liabilities currently maturing long-term debt                     $-       $25,000
payable due to associated company                  1,618         1,838
accounts payable:
associated companies                              54,234        43,222
other                                             60,766        43,963
customer deposits                                 27,912        28,493
taxes accrued                                      4,700         4,302
interest accrued                                   8,095         6,916
deferred fuel costs                                    -         4,918
current portion of unprotected excess              3,296         9,470
accumulated deferred income taxes other                                              5,462        15,827
total current liabilities                        166,083       183,949
non-current liabilities accumulated deferred income taxes and            338,714       354,536
taxes accrued accumulated deferred investment tax               16,095         2,131
credits regulatory liability for income taxes -           55,675        49,090
net asset retirement cost liabilities                  3,768         3,522
accumulated provisions                            89,898        88,542
long-term debt (includes securitization bonds of $41,291as of december 31, 2020          629,704       521,539
and $52,641as of december 31, 2019)
long-term payable due to associated               10,911        12,529
company other                                             21,141        21,881
total non-current liabilities                  1,165,906     1,053,770
commitments and contingencies equity member's equity                                  606,917       497,579
total                                            606,917       497,579
total liabilities and equity                  $1,938,906    $1,735,298
see notes to financial statements.
405
table of contents entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries consolidated statements of changes in member's equity for the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019, and 2018

member's equity
-in thousands balance at december 31, 2017                                    $415,548
net income                                                        53,152
common equity distributions                                      -23,750
balance at december 31, 2018                                    $444,950
net income                                                        52,629
balance at december 31, 2019                                    $497,579
net income                                                        49,338
capital contributions from parent                                 60,000
balance at december 31, 2020                                    $606,917
see notes to financial statements.
406
table of contents entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries selected financial data -
five-year comparison
2020          2019          2018          2017          2016
-in thousands operating revenues                             $633,841      $686,223      $717,390      $716,070      $665,463
net income                                      $49,338       $52,629       $53,152       $44,553       $48,849
total assets                                 $1,938,906    $1,735,298    $1,576,588    $1,497,836    $1,494,569
long-term obligations (a)                      $640,615      $534,068      $481,725      $434,793      $466,670
(a) includes long-term debt
(including the long-term payable to associated company and excluding currently maturing debt) and preferred stock without sinking fund.
2020          2019          2018          2017          2016
-dollars in millions electric operating revenues:
residential                                        $244          $245          $262          $250          $231
commercial                                          179           202           217           228           206
industrial                                           24            32            33            36            33
governmental                                         60            71            72            77            69
total billed retail                                 507           550           584           591           539
sales for resale:
associated companies                                  -             -             -             -            30
non-associated companies                             33            38            30            29             3
other                                                21             6            11            12            15
total                                              $561          $594          $625          $632          $587
billed electric energy sales
(gwh):
residential                                       2,294         2,353         2,401         2,155         2,231
commercial                                        1,975         2,215         2,270         2,248         2,268
industrial                                          423           438           448           429           441
governmental                                        755           815           795           790           794
total retail                                      5,447         5,821         5,914         5,622         5,734
sales for resale:
associated companies                                  -             -             -             -         1,071
non-associated companies                          1,969         1,961         1,484         1,703           141
total                                             7,416         7,782         7,398         7,325         6,946
407
table of contents entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis the covid-19 pandemic see " the covid-19 pandemic " section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for a discussion of the covid-19 pandemic.
hurricane laura and hurricane delta in august 2020 and october 2020, hurricane laura and hurricane delta caused extensive damage to entergy texas's service area. the storm resulted in widespread power outages, significant damage primarily to distribution and transmission infrastructure, and the loss of sales during the power outages. total restoration costs for the repair and/or replacement of entergy texas's electric facilities damaged by hurricane laura and hurricane delta are currently estimated to be approximately $300 million, including $245 million in capital costs and approximately $55
million in non-capital costs. entergy texas is considering all available avenues to recover storm-related costs from hurricanes laura and hurricane delta, including securitization. storm cost recovery or financing will be subject to review by applicable regulatory authorities.
entergy texas recorded accounts payable and corresponding construction work in progress and regulatory assets for the estimated costs incurred that were necessary to return customers to service. entergy texas recorded the regulatory assets in accordance with its accounting policies and based on the historic treatment of such costs in its service area because management believes that recovery through some form of regulatory mechanism is probable.
there are well established mechanisms and precedent for addressing these catastrophic events and providing for recovery of prudently incurred storm costs in accordance with applicable regulatory and legal principles. because entergy texas has not gone through the regulatory process regarding these storm costs, there is an element of risk, and entergy texas is unable to predict with certainty the degree of success it may have in its recovery initiatives, the amount of restoration costs that it may ultimately recover, or the timing of such recovery.
february 2021 winter storms see the " february 2021 winter storms " section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for a discussion of the february 2021 winter storms. entergy texas's preliminary estimate for the cost of mobilizing crews and restoring power is approximately $12 million. natural gas purchases for entergy texas for february 1st through 25th, 2021 are approximately $155 million compared to natural gas purchases for february 2020 of $10 million.
results of operations
2020 compared to 2019
net income net income increased $55.7 million primarily due to higher retail electric price, higher other income, lower other operation and maintenance expenses, a lower effective income tax rate, after excluding the effect of the return of unprotected excess accumulated deferred income taxes to customers which is offset in income taxes, and higher volume/weather. the increase was partially offset by higher depreciation and amortization expenses.
408
table of contents entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis operating revenues following is an analysis of the change in operating revenue comparing 2020 to 2019.
amount
-in millions
2019 operating revenues                                  $1,489.0
fuel, rider, and other revenues that do not                   4.4
significantly affect net income return of unprotected excess accumulated deferred            58.6
income taxes to customers retail electric price                                        28.1
volume/weather                                                7.0
2020 operating revenues                                  $1,587.1
entergy texas's results include revenues from rate mechanisms designed to recover fuel, purchased power, and other costs such that the revenues and expenses associated with these items generally offset and do not affect net income. "fuel, rider, and other revenues that do not significantly affect net income" includes the revenue variance associated with these items.
the return of unprotected excess accumulated deferred income taxes to customers resulted from the return of unprotected excess accumulated deferred income taxes through a rider effective october 2018. in 2020, $28.8 million was returned to customers as compared to $87.4 million in 2019. there is no effect on net income as the reduction in operating revenues is offset by a reduction in income tax expense. see note 2 to the financial statements for further discussion of regulatory activity regarding the tax cuts and jobs act.
the retail electric price variance is primarily due to an increase in the transmission cost recovery factor rider effective january 2020 and an increase in the distribution cost recovery factor rider effective october 2020. see note 2 to the financial statements for further discussion of the transmission and distribution cost recovery factor rider filings.
the volume/weather variance is primarily due to an increase in usage during the unbilled sales period and an increase in billed residential usage as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, partially offset by the effect of less favorable weather on residential sales and decreased commercial and industrial usage as a result of the covid-19
pandemic. the decrease in industrial usage is partially offset by an increase in demand from expansion projects, primarily in the chemicals and transportation industries. see " the covid-19 pandemic " section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for discussion of the covid-19
pandemic.
other income statement variances other operation and maintenance expenses decreased primarily due to:
 a decrease of $7.7 million in non-nuclear generation expenses primarily due to a lower scope of work performed during plant outages in 2020 as compared to the same period in 2019, including a delay in plant outages as a result of the covid-19 pandemic; and
 a decrease of $3.7 million primarily due to contract costs in 2019 related to initiatives to explore new customer products and services.
the decrease was partially offset by $2.3 million of transaction costs incurred in connection with the purchase of the hardin county peaking facility and the partial sale of montgomery county power station.
409
table of contents entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis depreciation and amortization expenses increased primarily due to additions to plant in service.
other income increased primarily due to an increase in the allowance for equity funds used during construction due to higher construction work in progress in 2020, including the montgomery county power station project.
the effective income tax rates were 1.4% for 2020 and (51.1%) for 2019. the difference in the effective income tax rates versus the federal statutory rate of 21% for 2020 and 2019 was primarily due to the amortization of excess accumulated deferred income taxes. see notes 2 and 3 to the financial statements for a discussion of the effects and regulatory activity regarding the tax cuts and jobs act. see note 3 to the financial statements for a reconciliation of the federal statutory rate of 21% to the effective income tax rates.
2019 compared to 2018
see " management's financial discussion and analysis - results of operations " in item 7 of entergy texas's annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2019, filed with the sec on february 21, 2020, for discussion of results of operations for 2019 compared to 2018.
liquidity and capital resources cash flow cash flows for the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019, and 2018 were as follows:
2020        2019        2018
-in thousands cash and cash equivalents at beginning            $12,929         $56    $115,513
of period net cash provided by (used in):
operating activities                              375,325     286,739     331,753
investing activities                             -848,648    -878,280    -395,973
financing activities                              708,990     604,414     -51,237
net increase (decrease) in cash and cash          235,667      12,873    -115,457
equivalents cash and cash equivalents at end of              $248,596     $12,929         $56
period
2020 compared to 2019
operating activities net cash flow provided by operating activities increased $88.6 million in 2020 compared to 2019 primarily due to the timing of recovery of fuel and purchased power costs and a decrease in the return of unprotected excess accumulated deferred income taxes to customers. the increase was partially offset by lower collections of receivables from customers, in part due to the covid-19 pandemic, and increased storm spending. see note 2 to the financial statements for further discussion of the regulatory activity regarding the tax cuts and jobs act. see "
hurricane laura and hurricane delta " above for discussion of hurricane restoration efforts.
410
table of contents entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis investing activities net cash flow used in investing activities decreased $29.6 million in 2020 primarily due to:
 a decrease of $158.8 million in non-nuclear generation construction expenditures primarily due to the montgomery county power station in 2020 as compared to 2019;
 a decrease of $9.9 million in information technology capital expenditures primarily due to decreased spending on various technology projects; and
 money pool activity.
the decrease was partially offset by:
 an increase of $93.8 million in storm spending in 2020, primarily due to hurricane laura and hurricane delta restoration efforts. see " hurricane laura and hurricane delta " above for discussion of hurricane restoration efforts;
 an increase of $43.9 million in distribution construction expenditures, primarily due to investment in the reliability and infrastructure of entergy texas's distribution system, including increased spending on advanced metering infrastructure; and
 an increase of $29.8 million in transmission construction expenditures primarily due to a higher scope of work performed in 2020 as compared to 2019.
decreases in entergy texas's receivable from the money pool are a source of cash flow, and entergy texas's receivable from the money pool decreased by $6.6 million in 2020 compared to increasing $11.2 million in 2019. the money pool is an inter-company borrowing arrangement designed to reduce the utility subsidiaries' need for external short-term borrowings.
financing activities net cash flow provided by financing activities increased $104.6 million from 2020 compared to 2019 primarily due to:
 the issuance of $600 million of 1.75% series mortgage bonds in october 2020;
 the repayment, at maturity, of $500 million of 7.125% series mortgage bonds in february 2019;
 the issuance of $175 million of 3.55% series mortgage bonds in march 2020; and
 money pool activity.
the increase was partially offset by:
 the issuances of $300 million of 4.0% series mortgage bonds and $400 million of 4.5% series mortgage bonds, each in january 2019;
 the issuance of $300 million of 3.55% series mortgage bonds in september 2019;
 the repayment of $135 million of 5.625% series mortgage bonds in november 2020;
 the issuance of $35 million aggregate liquidation value 5.375% series a preferred stock in september 2019; and
 the payment of $30 million of common stock dividends in 2020. no common stock dividends were paid in 2019 as a result of upcoming capital expenditures, including montgomery county power station.
decreases in entergy texas's payable to the money pool are a use of cash flow, and entergy texas's payable to the money pool decreased $22.4 million in 2019.
411
table of contents entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis
2019 compared to 2018
see " management's financial discussion and analysis - liquidity and capital resources - cash flow " in item 7 of entergy texas's annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2019, filed with the sec on february 21,
2020, for discussion of operating, investing, and financing cash flow activities for 2019 compared to 2018.
capital structure entergy texas's debt to capital ratio is shown in the following table. the increase in the debt to capital ratio for entergy texas is primarily due to the net issuance of $640 million of mortgage bonds in 2020, partially offset by the $175 million capital contribution received from entergy corporation in 2020 and net income in 2020.
december 31,        december 31,
2020                2019

debt to capital                                   53.7  %             51.7  %
effect of excluding the securitization            (1.3  %)            (2.8  %)
bonds debt to capital, excluding                        52.4  %             48.9  %
securitization bonds (a)
effect of subtracting cash                        (2.7  %)            (0.2  %)
net debt to net capital, excluding                49.7  %             48.7  %
securitization bonds (a)
(a)    calculation excludes the securitization bonds, which are non-recourse to entergy texas.
net debt consists of debt less cash and cash equivalents. debt consists of finance lease obligations and long-term debt, including the currently maturing portion. capital consists of debt and equity. net capital consists of capital less cash and cash equivalents. entergy texas uses the debt to capital ratios excluding securitization bonds in analyzing its financial condition and believes they provide useful information to its investors and creditors in evaluating entergy texas's financial condition because the securitization bonds are non-recourse to entergy texas, as more fully described in note 5 to the financial statements. entergy texas also uses the net debt to net capital ratio excluding securitization bonds in analyzing its financial condition and believes it provides useful information to its investors and creditors in evaluating entergy texas's financial condition because net debt indicates entergy texas's outstanding debt position that could not be readily satisfied by cash and cash equivalents on hand.
entergy texas seeks to optimize its capital structure in accordance with its regulatory requirements and to control its cost of capital while also maintaining equity capitalization at a level consistent with investment-grade debt ratings. to the extent that operating cash flows are in excess of planned investments, cash may be used to reduce outstanding debt or may be paid as a dividend, or both, in appropriate amounts to maintain the capital structure.
to the extent that operating cash flows are insufficient to support planned investments, entergy texas may issue incremental debt or reduce dividends, or both, to maintain its capital structure. in addition, entergy texas may receive equity contributions to maintain its capital structure for certain circumstances such as financing of large transactions that would materially alter the capital structure if financed entirely with debt and reduced dividends.
uses of capital entergy texas requires capital resources for:
 construction and other capital investments;
 debt maturities or retirements;
 working capital purposes, including the financing of fuel and purchased power costs; and
 dividend and interest payments.
412
table of contents entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis following are the amounts of entergy texas's planned construction and other capital investments.
2021    2022      2023
-in millions planned construction and capital investment:
generation                                   $95     $40      $490
transmission                                 115     125       180
distribution                                 245     285       295
utility support                               55      75        50
total                                       $510    $525    $1,015
in addition to the planned spending in the table above, entergy texas also expects to pay for $180 million of capital investments in 2021 related to hurricane laura and hurricane delta restoration work that have been accrued as of december 31, 2020.
following are the amounts of entergy texas's existing debt and lease obligations (includes estimated interest payments) and other purchase obligations.
2021    2022-2023    2024-2025    after 2025     total
-in millions long-term debt (a)                  $353         $207         $151        $2,163    $2,874
operating leases (b)                  $5           $7           $3            $1       $16
finance leases (b)                    $1           $2           $2            $1        $6
purchase obligations (c)            $255         $384         $361          $294    $1,294
(a) includes estimated interest payments. long-term debt is discussed in note 5 to the financial statements.
(b) lease obligations are discussed in note 10 to the financial statements.
(c) purchase obligations represent the minimum purchase obligation or cancellation charge for contractual obligations to purchase goods or services. for entergy texas, it primarily includes unconditional fuel and purchased power obligations.
in addition to the contractual obligations given above, entergy texas expects to contribute approximately $7
million to its qualified pension plans and approximately $66 thousand to other postretirement health care and life insurance plans in 2021, although the 2021 required pension contributions will be known with more certainty when the january 1, 2021 valuations are completed, which is expected by april 1, 2021. see " critical accounting estimates - qualified pension and other postretirement benefits " below for a discussion of qualified pension and other postretirement benefits funding.
also in addition to the contractual obligations, entergy texas has $14.2 million of unrecognized tax benefits and interest net of unused tax attributes and payments for which the timing of payments beyond 12 months cannot be reasonably estimated due to uncertainties in the timing of effective settlement of tax positions. see note 3 to the financial statements for additional information regarding unrecognized tax benefits.
in addition to routine capital spending to maintain operations, the planned capital investment estimate for entergy texas includes specific investments such as the liberty county power station and the hardin county peaking facility; transmission projects to enhance reliability, reduce congestion, and enable economic growth; distribution spending to enhance reliability and improve service to customers, including advanced meters and related investments; resource planning, including potential generation and renewables projects; system improvements;
software and security; and other investments. estimated capital expenditures are subject to periodic review and modification and may vary based on the ongoing effects of regulatory constraints and requirements,
413
table of contents entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis environmental compliance, business opportunities, market volatility, economic trends, business restructuring, changes in project plans, and the ability to access capital. management provides more information on long-term debt in note 5 to the financial statements.
as a subsidiary, entergy texas dividends its earnings to entergy corporation at a percentage determined monthly.
liberty county solar facility in september 2020, entergy texas filed an application seeking puct approval to amend entergy texas's certificate of convenience and necessity to acquire the 100 mw liberty county solar facility and a determination that entergy texas's acquisition of the facility through a tax equity partnership is in the public interest. in its preliminary order, the puct determined that, in considering entergy texas's application, it would not specifically address whether entergy texas's use of a tax equity partnership is in the public interest. a procedural schedule was established with a hearing on the merits scheduled in april 2021. closing is expected to occur in 2023.
hardin county peaking facility in april 2020, entergy texas and east texas electric cooperative, inc. filed a joint report and application seeking puct approvals related to two transactions: (1) entergy texas's acquisition of the hardin county peaking facility from east texas electric cooperative, inc.; and (2) entergy texas's sale of a 7.55% partial interest in the montgomery county power station to east texas electric cooperative, inc. the two transactions, currently scheduled to close in april 2021 (pending puct approval), are interdependent. in october 2020, entergy texas filed an unopposed settlement agreement supporting approval of the transactions. key provisions of the settlement include:
entergy texas will propose to depreciate its investment in hardin county peaking facility through the end of 2041;
entergy texas's recovery of its investment in hardin county peaking facility will be capped at approximately $36
million; and entergy texas will not seek recovery of an acquisition adjustment, if any, or transaction costs for either transaction. the settlement is currently pending before the puct.
sources of capital entergy texas's sources to meet its capital requirements include:
 internally generated funds;
 cash on hand;
 debt or preferred stock issuances, including debt issuances to refund or retire currently outstanding or maturing indebtedness;
 capital contributions; and
 bank financing under new or existing facilities.
entergy texas may refinance, redeem, or otherwise retire debt prior to maturity, to the extent market conditions and interest and dividend rates are favorable.
all debt and common and preferred stock issuances by entergy texas require prior regulatory approval. debt issuances are also subject to issuance tests set forth in its bond indenture and other agreements. entergy texas has sufficient capacity under these tests to meet its foreseeable capital needs.
entergy texas's receivables from or (payables to) the money pool were as follows as of december 31 for each of the following years.
2020                 2019        2018       2017
(in thousands)
$4,601            $11,181    -$22,389    $44,903
414
table of contents entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis see note 4 to the financial statements for a description of the money pool.
entergy texas has a credit facility in the amount of $150 million scheduled to expire in september 2024. the credit facility includes fronting commitments for the issuance of letters of credit against $30 million of the borrowing capacity of the facility. as of december 31, 2020, there were no cash borrowings and $1.3 million of letters of credit outstanding under the credit facility. in addition, entergy texas is a party to an uncommitted letter of credit facility as a means to post collateral to support its obligations to miso. as of december 31, 2020, $6.2
million in letters of credit were outstanding under entergy texas's letter of credit facility. see note 4 to the financial statements for additional discussion of the credit facilities.
entergy texas obtained authorizations from the ferc through july 2022 for short-term borrowings, not to exceed an aggregate amount of $200 million at any time outstanding, and long-term borrowings and security issuances. see note
4 to the financial statements for further discussion of entergy texas's short-term borrowing limits.
state and local rate regulation and fuel-cost recovery the rates that entergy texas charges for its services significantly influence its financial position, results of operations, and liquidity. entergy texas is regulated and the rates charged to its customers are determined in regulatory proceedings. the puct, a governmental agency, is primarily responsible for approval of the rates charged to customers.
filings with the puct
2018 rate case i n may 2018, entergy texas filed a base rate case with the puct seeking an increase in base rates and rider rates of approximately $166 million, of which $48 million is associated with moving costs currently being collected through riders into base rates such that the total incremental revenue requirement increase is approximately $118
million. the base rate case was based on a 12-month test year ending december 31, 2017. in addition, entergy texas included capital additions placed into service for the period of april 1, 2013 through december 31, 2017, as well as a post-test year adjustment to include capital additions placed in service by june 30, 2018.
in october 2018 the parties filed an unopposed settlement resolving all issues in the proceeding and a motion for interim rates effective for usage on and after october 17, 2018. the unopposed settlement reflects the following terms: a base rate increase of $53.2 million (net of costs realigned from riders and including updated depreciation rates), a $25 million refund to reflect the lower federal income tax rate applicable to entergy texas from january
25, 2018 through the date new rates are implemented, $6 million of capitalized skylining tree hazard costs will not be recovered from customers, $242.5 million of protected excess accumulated deferred income taxes, which includes a tax gross-up, will be returned to customers through base rates under the average rate assumption method over the lives of the associated assets, and $185.2 million of unprotected excess accumulated deferred income taxes, which includes a tax gross-up, will be returned to customers through a rider. the unprotected excess accumulated deferred income taxes rider will include carrying charges and will be in effect over a period of 12 months for large customers and over a period of four years for other customers. the settlement also provides for the deferral of
$24.5 million of costs associated with the remaining book value of the neches and sabine 2 plants, previously taken out of service, to be recovered over a ten-year period and the deferral of $20.5 million of costs associated with hurricane harvey to be recovered over a 12-year period, each beginning in october 2018. the settlement provides final resolution of all issues in the matter, including those related to the tax act. in october 2018 the alj granted the unopposed motion for interim rates to be effective for service rendered on or after october 17, 2018.
in december 2018 the puct issued an order approving the unopposed settlement.
415
table of contents entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis distribution cost recovery factor (dcrf) rider in march 2019, entergy texas filed with the puct a request to set a new dcrf rider. the proposed new dcrf rider is designed to collect approximately $3.2 million annually from entergy texas's retail customers based on its capital invested in distribution between january 1, 2018 and december 31, 2018. in september 2019 the puct issued an order approving rates, which had been effective on an interim basis since june 2019, at the level proposed in entergy texas's application.
in march 2020, entergy texas filed with the puct a request to amend its dcrf rider. the proposed rider is designed to collect from entergy texas's retail customers approximately $23.6 million annually, or $20.4 million in incremental annual dcrf revenue beyond entergy texas's then-effective dcrf rider, based on its capital invested in distribution between january 1, 2019 and december 31, 2019. in may and june 2020 intervenors filed testimony recommending reductions in entergy texas's annual revenue requirement of approximately $0.3 million and $4.1
million. the parties briefed the contested issues in this matter and a proposal for decision was issued in september 2020 recommending a $4.1 million revenue reduction related to non-advanced metering system meters included in the dcrf calculation. the parties filed exceptions to the proposal for decision and replies to those exceptions in september 2020. in october 2020 the puct issued a final order approving a $16.3 million incremental annual dcrf revenue increase.
in october 2020, entergy texas filed with the puct a request to amend its dcrf rider. the proposed rider is designed to collect from entergy texas's retail customers approximately $26.3 million annually, or $6.8 million in incremental annual revenues beyond entergy texas's currently effective dcrf rider based on its capital invested in distribution between january 1, 2020 and august 31, 2020. in february 2021 the administrative law judge with the state office of administrative hearings approved entergy texas's agreed motion for interim rates, which will go into effect in march 2021. the administrative law judge also adopted a procedural schedule setting a hearing on the merits, if necessary, in april 2021.
transmission cost recovery factor (tcrf) rider in december 2018, entergy texas filed with the puct a request to set a new tcrf rider. the proposed new tcrf rider is designed to collect approximately $2.7 million annually from entergy texas's retail customers based on its capital invested in transmission between january 1, 2018 and september 30, 2018. in april 2019 parties filed testimony proposing a load growth adjustment, which would fully offset entergy texas's proposed tcrf revenue requirement. in july 2019 the puct granted entergy texas's application as filed to begin recovery of the requested
$2.7 million annual revenue requirement, rejecting opposing parties' proposed adjustment; however, the puct found that the question of prudence of the actual investment costs should be determined in entergy texas's next rate case similar to the procedure used for the costs recovered through the dcrf rider. in october 2019 the puct issued an order on a motion for rehearing, clarifying and affirming its prior order granting entergy texas's application as filed. also, in october 2019 a second motion for rehearing was filed, and entergy texas filed a response in opposition to the motion. the second motion for rehearing was overruled by operation of law. in december 2019, texas industrial energy consumers filed an appeal to the puct order in district court alleging that the puct erred in declining to apply a load growth adjustment.
in august 2019, entergy texas filed with the puct a request to amend its tcrf rider. the amended tcrf rider is designed to collect approximately $19.4 million annually from entergy texas's retail customers based on its capital invested in transmission between january 1, 2018 and june 30, 2019, which is $16.7 million in incremental annual revenue above the $2.7 million approved in the prior pending tcrf proceeding. in january 2020 the puct issued an order approving an unopposed settlement providing for recovery of the requested revenue requirement. entergy texas implemented the amended rider beginning with bills covering usage on and after january 23, 2020.
416
table of contents entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis in october 2020, entergy texas filed with the puct a request to amend its tcrf rider. the proposed rider is designed to collect from entergy texas's retail customers approximately $51 million annually, or $31.6 million in incremental annual revenues beyond entergy texas's currently effective tcrf rider based on its capital invested in transmission between july 1, 2019 and august 31, 2020. a procedural schedule was established with a hearing scheduled in march 2021. in february 2021, entergy texas filed an agreed motion to abate the procedural schedule, noting that the parties had reached a settlement in principle, and the administrative law judge granted the motion to abate.
generation cost recovery rider in october 2020, entergy texas filed an application to establish a generation cost recovery rider with an initial annual revenue requirement of approximately $91 million to begin recovering a return of and on its capital investment in the montgomery county power station through august 31, 2020. in december 2020, entergy texas filed an unopposed settlement supporting a generation cost recovery rider with an annual revenue requirement of approximately $86 million. the settlement revenue requirement is based on a depreciation rate intended to fully depreciate montgomery county power station over 38 years and the removal of certain costs from entergy texas's request. under the settlement, entergy texas retains the right to propose a different depreciation rate and seek recovery of a majority of the costs removed from its request in its next base rate proceeding. on january 14, 2021, the puct approved the generation cost recovery rider settlement rates on an interim basis and abated the proceeding. within 60 days of montgomery county power station being placed in service on january 1, 2021, entergy texas will file to update its generation cost recovery rider to include investment in montgomery county power station after august 31, 2020. the current estimated cost of montgomery county power station, including transmission interconnection and network upgrades, is approximately $921 million. of this investment, approximately
$756 million is eligible to begin being recovered through the generation cost recovery rider. entergy texas will address recovery of the remainder of its montgomery county power station investment through other rate mechanisms.
in december 2020, entergy texas filed an application to amend its generation cost recovery rider to reflect its acquisition of the hardin county peaking facility, which is expected to close in april 2021. the initial generation cost recovery rider rates proposed in the application represent no change from the generation cost recovery rider rates to be established in entergy texas's previous generation cost recovery rider proceeding. once entergy texas has acquired the hardin county peaking facility, its investment in the facility will be reflected in the updated filing to entergy texas's application, which will be made within 60 days of the acquisition's closing.
covid-19 orders in march 2020 the puct authorized electric utilities to record as a regulatory asset expenses resulting from the effects of covid-19. in future proceedings the puct will consider whether each utility's request for recovery of these regulatory assets is reasonable and necessary, the appropriate period of recovery, and any amount of carrying costs thereon. in march 2020 the puct ordered a moratorium on disconnections for nonpayment for all customer classes, but, in april 2020, revised the disconnect moratorium to apply only to residential customers. the puct allowed the moratorium to expire on june 13, 2020, but on july 17, 2020, the puct re-established the disconnect moratorium for residential customers until august 31, 2020. in january 2021, entergy texas resumed disconnections for customers with past-due balances that have not made payment arrangements. as of december 31, 2020, entergy texas recorded a regulatory asset of $12.9 million for costs associated with the covid-19 pandemic.
fuel and purchased power cost recovery entergy texas's rate schedules include a fixed fuel factor to recover fuel and purchased power costs, including interest, not recovered in base rates. semi-annual revisions of the fixed fuel factor are made in march
417
table of contents entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis and september based on the market price of natural gas and changes in fuel mix. the amounts collected under entergy texas's fixed fuel factor and any interim surcharge or refund are subject to fuel reconciliation proceedings before the puct. a fuel reconciliation is required to be filed at least once every three years and outside of a base rate case filing.
in december 2017, entergy texas filed an application for a fuel refund of approximately $30.5 million for the months of may 2017 through october 2017. also in december 2017, the puct's alj approved the refund on an interim basis. for most customers, the refunds flowed through bills january 2018 through march 2018. the fuel refund was approved by the puct in march 2018.
in september 2019, entergy texas filed an application to reconcile its fuel and purchased power costs for the period from april 2016 through march 2019. during the reconciliation period, entergy texas incurred approximately
$1.6 billion in texas jurisdictional eligible fuel and purchased power expenses, net of certain revenues credited to such expenses and other adjustments. entergy texas estimated an under-recovery balance of approximately $25.8
million, including interest, which entergy texas requested authority to carry over as the beginning balance for the subsequent reconciliation period beginning april 2019. in march 2020 an intervenor filed testimony proposing that the puct disallow: (1) $2 million in replacement power costs associated with generation outages during the reconciliation period; and (2) $24.4 million associated with the operation of the spindletop natural gas storage facility during the reconciliation period. in april 2020, entergy texas filed rebuttal testimony refuting all points raised by the intervenor. in june 2020 the parties filed a stipulation and settlement agreement, which included a $1.2 million disallowance not associated with any particular issue raised by any party. the puct approved the settlement in august 2020.
in july 2020, entergy texas filed an application with the puct to implement an interim fuel refund of $25.5
million, including interest. entergy texas proposed that the interim fuel refund be implemented beginning with the first august 2020 billing cycle over a three-month period for smaller customers and in a lump sum amount in the billing month of august 2020 for transmission-level customers. the interim fuel refund was approved in july 2020, and entergy texas began refunds in august 2020.
in february 2021, entergy texas filed an application to implement a fuel refund for a cumulative over-recovery of approximately $75 million that is primarily attributable to settlements received by entergy texas from miso related to hurricane laura. entergy texas planned to issue the refund over the period of march through august 2021. on february 22, 2021, entergy texas filed a motion to abate its fuel refund proceeding to assess how the february 2021
winter storm impacted entergy texas's fuel over-recovery position.
federal regulation see the " rate, cost-recovery, and other regulation - federal regulation " section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis and note 2 to the financial statements for a discussion of federal regulation.
nuclear matters see the " nuclear matters " section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for a discussion of nuclear matters.
industrial and commercial customers entergy texas's large industrial and commercial customers continually explore ways to reduce their energy costs. in particular, cogeneration is an option available to a portion of entergy texas's industrial customer base. entergy texas responds by working with industrial and commercial customers and negotiating electric service contracts to provide, under existing rate schedules, competitive rates that match specific customer needs and load
418
table of contents entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis profiles. entergy texas actively participates in economic development, customer retention, and reclamation activities to increase industrial and commercial demand, from both new and existing customers.
environmental risks entergy texas's facilities and operations are subject to regulation by various governmental authorities having jurisdiction over air quality, water quality, control of toxic substances and hazardous and solid wastes, and other environmental matters. management believes that entergy texas is in substantial compliance with environmental regulations currently applicable to its facilities and operations, with reference to possible exceptions noted in "
regulation of entergy's business - environmental regulation " in part i, item 1. because environmental regulations are subject to change, future compliance costs cannot be precisely estimated.
critical accounting estimates the preparation of entergy texas's financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to apply appropriate accounting policies and to make estimates and judgments that can have a significant effect on reported financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. management has identified the following accounting policies and estimates as critical because they are based on assumptions and measurements that involve a high degree of uncertainty, and the potential for future changes in the assumptions and measurements that could produce estimates that would have a material effect on the presentation of entergy texas's financial position or results of operations.
utility regulatory accounting see " utility regulatory accounting " in the " critical accounting estimates " section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for discussion of accounting for the effects of rate regulation.
impairment of long-lived assets see " impairment of long-lived assets " in the " critical accounting estimates " section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for discussion of the estimates associated with the impairment of long-lived assets.
taxation and uncertain tax positions see " taxation and uncertain tax positions " in the " critical accounting estimates " section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for further discussion.
qualified pension and other postretirement benefits entergy texas's qualified pension and other postretirement reported costs, as described in note 11 to the financial statements, are impacted by numerous factors including the provisions of the plans, changing employee demographics, and various actuarial calculations, assumptions, and accounting mechanisms. see the " qualified pension and other postretirement benefits " in the " critical accounting estimates " section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries'
management's financial discussion and analysis for further discussion. because of the complexity of these calculations, the long-term nature of these obligations, and the importance of the assumptions utilized, entergy's estimate of these costs is a critical accounting estimate.
cost sensitivity the following chart reflects the sensitivity of qualified pension and qualified projected benefit obligation cost to changes in certain actuarial assumptions (dollars in thousands).
419
table of contents entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis impact on 2021 qualified      impact on 2020 qualified actuarial assumption          change in assumption                   pension cost             projected benefit obligation increase/(decrease)
discount rate                 -0.25%                                         $472                        $9,960
rate of return on plan        -0.25%                                         $772                            $-
assets rate of increase in           0.25%                                          $388                        $1,916
compensation the following chart reflects the sensitivity of postretirement benefit cost and accumulated postretirement benefit obligation changes in certain actuarial assumptions (dollars in thousands).
impact on 2021       impact on 2020 accumulated actuarial assumption      change in assumption     postretirement benefit cost           postretirement benefit obligation increase/(decrease)
discount rate             -0.25%                                           $49                           $2,206
health care cost trend    0.25%                                            $76                           $1,593
each fluctuation above assumes that the other components of the calculation are held constant.
costs and employer contributions total qualified pension cost for entergy texas in 2020 was $12.4 million, including $4.3 million in settlement costs. entergy texas anticipates 2021 qualified pension cost to be $8.9 million. entergy texas contributed $5
million to its qualified pension plans in 2020 and estimates 2021 pension contributions will be approximately $7
million, although the 2021 required pension contributions will be known with more certainty when the january 1,
2021 valuations are completed, which is expected by april 1, 2021.
total postretirement health care and life insurance benefit income for entergy texas in 2020 was $8.9 million.
entergy texas expects 2020 postretirement health care and life insurance benefit income to approximate $10.9
million. in 2020, entergy texas' postretirement contributions (that is, contributions to the external trusts plus claims payments) were $690 thousand. entergy texas estimates 2021 contributions will be approximately $66 thousand.
other contingencies see " other contingencies " in the " critical accounting estimates " section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for a discussion of the estimates associated with environmental, litigation, and other risks.
new accounting pronouncements see " new accounting pronouncements " section of note 1 to the financial statements for a discussion of new accounting pronouncements.
420
table of contents report of independent registered public accounting firm to the shareholders and board of directors of entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries opinion on the financial statements we have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries (the
"company") as of december 31, 2020 and 2019, the related consolidated statements of income, cash flows, and changes in common equity (pages 423 through 428 and applicable items in pages 51 through 238), for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2020, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). in our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the company as of december 31, 2020 and 2019, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2020, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america.
basis for opinion these financial statements are the responsibility of the company's management. our responsibility is to express an opinion on the company's financial statements based on our audits. we are a public accounting firm registered with the public company accounting oversight board (united states) (pcaob) and are required to be independent with respect to the company in accordance with the u.s. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the securities and exchange commission and the pcaob.
we conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the pcaob. those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. the company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. as part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the company's internal control over financial reporting. accordingly, we express no such opinion.
our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. we believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
critical audit matter the critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. the communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.
rate and regulatory matters -entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries - refer to note 2 to the financial statements critical audit matter description the company is subject to rate regulation by the public utility commission of texas (the "puct"), which has jurisdiction with respect to the rates of electric companies in texas, and to wholesale rate regulation by the federal energy regulatory commission ("ferc"). management has determined it meets the requirements under accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america to prepare its financial statements applying the specialized rules to account for the effects of cost-based rate regulation. accounting for the economics of rate
421
table of contents regulation impacts multiple financial statement line items and disclosures, such as property, plant, and equipment;
regulatory assets and liabilities; income taxes; operating revenues; operation and maintenance expense; and depreciation and amortization expense.
the company's rates are subject to regulatory rate-setting processes and annual earnings oversight. because the puct and the ferc set the rates the company is allowed to charge customers based on allowable costs, including a reasonable return on equity, the company applies accounting standards that require the financial statements to reflect the effects of rate regulation, including the recording of regulatory assets and liabilities. the company assesses whether the regulatory assets and regulatory liabilities continue to meet the criteria for probable future recovery or settlement at each balance sheet date and when regulatory events occur. this assessment includes consideration of recent rate orders, historical regulatory treatment for similar costs, and factors such as changes in applicable regulatory and political environments. while the company has indicated it expects to recover costs from customers through regulated rates, there is a risk that the puct and the ferc will not approve: (1) full recovery of the costs of providing utility service, or (2) full recovery of amounts invested in the utility business and a reasonable return on that investment.
we identified the impact of rate regulation as a critical audit matter due to the significant judgments made by management to support its assertions about impacted account balances and disclosures and the high degree of subjectivity involved in assessing the impact of future regulatory orders on the financial statements. management judgments include assessing the likelihood of recovery in future rates of incurred costs and refunds to customers.
auditing management's judgments regarding the outcome of future decisions by the puct and the ferc, involved especially subjective judgment and specialized knowledge of accounting for rate regulation and the rate setting process.
how the critical audit matter was addressed in the audit our audit procedures related to the uncertainty of future decisions by the puct and the ferc included the following, among others:
 we tested the effectiveness of management's controls over the evaluation of the likelihood of (1) the recovery in future rates of costs incurred as property, plant, and equipment and deferred as regulatory assets, and (2) a refund or a future reduction in rates that should be reported as regulatory liabilities. we also tested the effectiveness of management's controls over the initial recognition of amounts as property, plant, and equipment;
regulatory assets or liabilities; and the monitoring and evaluation of regulatory developments that may affect the likelihood of recovering costs in future rates or of a future reduction in rates.
 we evaluated the company's disclosures related to the impacts of rate regulation, including the balances recorded and regulatory developments.
 we read relevant regulatory orders issued by the puct and the ferc for the company and other public utilities, regulatory statutes, interpretations, procedural memorandums, filings made by intervenors, and other publicly available information to assess the likelihood of recovery in future rates or of a future reduction in rates based on precedents of the puct's and the ferc's treatment of similar costs under similar circumstances. we evaluated the external information and compared to management's recorded regulatory asset and liability balances for completeness.
 for regulatory matters in process, we inspected the company's filings with the puct and the ferc, including the base rate case filing, and considered the filings with the puct and the ferc by intervenors that may impact the company's future rates, for any evidence that might contradict management's assertions .
 we obtained an analysis from management and support from internal and external legal counsel, as appropriate, regarding probability of recovery for regulatory assets or refund or future reduction in rates for regulatory liabilities not yet addressed in a regulatory order to assess management's assertion that amounts are probable of recovery or a future reduction in rates.
/s/ deloitte & touche llp new orleans, louisiana february 26, 2021
we have served as the company's auditor since 2001.
422
table of contents entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries consolidated income statements for the years ended december 31,
2020          2019          2018
-in thousands operating revenues electric                                                          $1,587,125    $1,488,955    $1,605,902
operating expenses operation and maintenance:
fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas                                 238,428       162,544       204,830
purchased for resale purchased power                                                      510,633       602,563       614,012
other operation and maintenance                                      250,170       258,924       238,400
taxes other than income taxes                                         72,909        76,366        82,033
depreciation and amortization                                        177,738       153,286       128,534
other regulatory charges - net                                        90,398        88,770       131,667
total                                                              1,340,276     1,342,453     1,399,476
operating income                                                     246,849       146,502       206,426
other income allowance for equity funds used during                                44,073        28,445         9,723
construction interest and investment income                                         1,201         3,072         2,188
miscellaneous - net                                                      -28           546          -655
total                                                                 45,246        32,063        11,256
interest expense interest expense                                                      92,920        86,333        87,203
allowance for borrowed funds used during                             -18,940       -13,269        -5,513
construction total                                                                 73,980        73,064        81,690
income before income taxes                                           218,115       105,501       135,992
income taxes                                                           3,042       -53,896       -26,243
net income                                                           215,073       159,397       162,235
preferred dividend requirements                                        1,882           580             -
earnings applicable to common stock                                 $213,191      $158,817      $162,235
see notes to financial statements.
423

(page left blank intentionally)
424
table of contents entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries consolidated statements of cash flows for the years ended december 31,
2020        2019        2018
-in thousands operating activities net income                                                          $215,073    $159,397    $162,235
adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flow provided by operating activities:
depreciation and amortization                                        177,738     153,286     128,534
deferred income taxes, investment tax                                 36,033      20,143     -39,545
credits, and non-current taxes accrued changes in assets and liabilities:
receivables                                                          -30,082      58,445     -17,099
fuel inventory                                                        -5,938      -4,926          64
accounts payable                                                     -23,692     -33,646      43,319
prepaid taxes and taxes accrued                                        2,730      -3,805       7,854
interest accrued                                                       1,864      -5,363      -1,201
deferred fuel costs                                                   72,355      -6,696     -47,604
other working capital accounts                                       -11,837     -13,822       1,328
provisions for estimated losses                                          274      -5,748       3,741
other regulatory assets                                              -12,065      85,400      63,350
other regulatory liabilities                                         -57,477    -105,517     -19,336
pension and other postretirement                                     -28,825      -7,152     -13,135
liabilities other assets and liabilities                                          39,174      -3,257      59,248
net cash flow provided by operating                                  375,325     286,739     331,753
activities investing activities construction expenditures                                           -895,857    -898,090    -451,988
allowance for equity funds used during                                44,073      28,526       9,861
construction proceeds from sale of assets                                               -           -       3,753
payment for purchase of assets                                        -4,931           -           -
changes in money pool receivable - net                                 6,580     -11,181      44,903
changes in securitization account                                      1,487       2,465      -2,502
net cash flow used in investing                                     -848,648    -878,280    -395,973
activities financing activities proceeds from the issuance of long-term                              937,725     986,019           -
debt retirement of long-term debt                                        -367,565    -578,593     -74,950
capital contributions from parent                                    175,000     185,000           -
proceeds from the issuance of preferred                                    -      33,188           -
stock change in money pool payable - net                                         -     -22,389      22,389
dividends paid:
common stock                                                         -30,000           -           -
preferred stock                                                       -2,064           -           -
other                                                                 -4,106       1,189       1,324
net cash flow provided by (used in)                                  708,990     604,414     -51,237
financing activities net increase (decrease) in cash and cash                             235,667      12,873    -115,457
equivalents cash and cash equivalents at beginning                                12,929          56     115,513
of period cash and cash equivalents at end of                                 $248,596     $12,929         $56
period supplemental disclosure of cash flow information:
cash paid during the period for:
interest - net of amount capitalized                                 $89,077     $89,402     $85,719
income taxes                                                          $2,792     $17,010     $20,787
see notes to financial statements.
425
table of contents entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries consolidated balance sheets assets december 31,
2020          2019
-in thousands current assets cash and cash equivalents:
cash                                                  $26           $25
temporary cash investments                        248,570        12,904
total cash and cash equivalents                   248,596        12,929
securitization recovery trust account              36,233        37,720
accounts receivable:
customer                                          103,221        59,365
allowance for doubtful accounts                   -16,810          -471
associated companies                               18,892        24,001
other                                              11,780        17,050
accrued unbilled revenues                          56,411        50,048
total accounts receivable                         173,494       149,993
fuel inventory - at average cost                   53,531        47,593
materials and supplies - at average cost           56,227        46,056
prepayments and other                              20,165        21,012
total                                             588,246       315,303
other property and investments investments in affiliates - at equity                 349           396
non-utility property - at cost (less                  376           376
accumulated depreciation)
other                                              19,889        20,077
total                                              20,614        20,849
utility plant electric                                        6,007,687     5,199,027
construction work in progress                     879,908       760,354
total utility plant                             6,887,595     5,959,381
less - accumulated depreciation and             1,864,494     1,770,852
amortization utility plant - net                             5,023,101     4,188,529
deferred debits and other assets regulatory assets:
other regulatory assets (includes securitization property of $78,590as of           524,713       512,648
december 31, 2020 and $160,375as of december 31, 2019)
other                                              70,397        33,393
total                                             595,110       546,041
total assets                                   $6,227,071    $5,070,722
see notes to financial statements.
426
table of contents entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries consolidated balance sheets liabilities and equity december 31,
2020          2019
-in thousands current liabilities currently maturing long-term debt                $200,000            $-
accounts payable:
associated companies                               55,944        58,055
other                                             350,947       188,460
customer deposits                                  36,282        40,232
taxes accrued                                      52,438        49,708
interest accrued                                   20,856        18,992
current portion of unprotected excess              29,249        26,552
accumulated deferred income taxes deferred fuel costs                                85,356        13,001
other                                              12,370        10,521
total                                             843,442       405,521
non-current liabilities accumulated deferred income taxes and             639,422       585,413
taxes accrued accumulated deferred investment tax                 9,942        10,559
credits regulatory liability for income taxes -           175,594       225,980
net other regulatory liabilities                       32,297        42,085
asset retirement cost liabilities                   8,063         7,631
accumulated provisions                              8,382         8,108
long-term debt (includes securitization bonds of $123,066as of december 31, 2020        2,293,708     1,922,956
and $205,349as of december 31, 2019)
other                                              58,643        63,062
total                                           3,226,051     2,865,794
commitments and contingencies equity common stock, no par value, authorized200,000,000shares; issued and            49,452        49,452
outstanding46,525,000shares in 2020 and
2019
paid-in capital                                   955,162       780,182
retained earnings                               1,117,964       934,773
total common shareholder's equity               2,122,578     1,764,407
preferred stock without sinking fund               35,000        35,000
total                                           2,157,578     1,799,407
total liabilities and equity                   $6,227,071    $5,070,722
see notes to financial statements.
427
table of contents entergy texas, inc.
and subsidiaries consolidated statements of changes in equity for the years ended december 31, 2020,
2019, and 2018

common equity preferred stock     common stock    paid-in capital    retained earnings         total
-in thousands balance at december                   $-          $49,452           $596,994             $613,721    $1,260,167
31, 2017
net income                             -                -                  -              162,235       162,235
balance at december                   $-          $49,452           $596,994             $775,956    $1,422,402
31, 2018
net income                             -                -                  -              159,397       159,397
capital contributions                                   -            185,000                    -       185,000
from parent preferred stock                   35,000                -             -1,812                    -        33,188
issuance preferred stock                        -                -                  -                 -580          -580
dividends balance at december              $35,000          $49,452           $780,182             $934,773    $1,799,407
31, 2019
net income                             -                -                  -              215,073       215,073
capital contributions                  -                -            175,000                    -       175,000
from parent common stock                           -                -                  -              -30,000       -30,000
dividends preferred stock                        -                -                  -               -1,882        -1,882
dividends other                                  -                -                -20                    -           -20
balance at december              $35,000          $49,452           $955,162           $1,117,964    $2,157,578
31, 2020
see notes to financial statements.
428
table of contents entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries selected financial data -
five-year comparison
2020          2019          2018          2017          2016
-in thousands operating revenues                           $1,587,125    $1,488,955    $1,605,902    $1,544,893    $1,615,619
net income                                     $215,073      $159,397      $162,235       $76,173      $107,538
total assets                                 $6,227,071    $5,070,722    $4,400,020    $4,279,738    $4,033,081
long-term obligations (a)                    $2,293,708    $1,922,956    $1,013,735    $1,587,150    $1,508,407
(a) includes long-term debt
(excluding currently maturing debt).
2020          2019          2018          2017          2016
-dollars in millions electric operating revenues:
residential                                        $672          $658          $674          $636          $613
commercial                                          365           343           381           378           356
industrial                                          386           373           394           384           365
governmental                                         23            22            25            25            24
total billed retail                               1,446         1,396         1,474         1,423         1,358
sales for resale:
associated companies                                 40            52            59            58           178
non-associated companies                             60             7            39            22            40
other                                                41            34            34            42            40
total                                            $1,587        $1,489        $1,606        $1,545        $1,616
billed electric energy sales
(gwh):
residential                                       6,146         6,039         6,135         5,716         5,836
commercial                                        4,386         4,667         4,747         4,548         4,570
industrial                                        7,885         8,043         8,052         7,521         7,493
governmental                                        260           259           286           273           283
total retail                                     18,677        19,008        19,220        18,058        18,182
sales for resale:
associated companies                              1,203         1,472         1,516         1,534         4,625
non-associated companies                            810           343           962           729         1,086
total                                            20,690        20,823        21,698        20,321        23,893
429
table of contents system energy resources, inc.
management's financial discussion and analysis system energy's principal asset consists of an ownership interest and a leasehold interest in grand gulf. the capacity and energy from its 90% interest is sold under the unit power sales agreement to its only four customers, entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, and entergy new orleans. system energy's operating revenues are derived from the allocation of the capacity, energy, and related costs associated with its 90%
interest in grand gulf pursuant to the unit power sales agreement. payments under the unit power sales agreement are system energy's only source of operating revenues. as discussed in " complaints against system energy " below, system energy is currently involved in proceedings at the ferc commenced by the retail regulators of its customers regarding its return on equity, its capital structure, its renewal of the sale-leaseback of 11.5% of grand gulf, the treatment of uncertain tax positions in rate base, and the rates it charges under the unit power sales agreement.
results of operations
2020 compared to 2019
net income net income remained relatively unchanged. an increase in operating revenues resulting from changes in rate base was substantially offset by higher provisions against revenue, as compared to prior year. a provision for rate refund was recorded in 2020 to reflect a one-time credit of $25.2 million provided for in the federal power act section
205 filing made by system energy in december 2020. provisions against revenue were recorded in 2019 in connection with the return on equity complaint against system energy. see " complaints against system energy " below for further discussion of these items and other proceedings involving system energy at the ferc. the one-time credit is discussed in the grand gulf sale-leaseback renewal complaint and uncertain tax position rate base issue part of that section. the return on equity complaint is discussed in the return on equity and capital structure complaints part of that section.
income taxes the effective income tax rates w ere 17.2% f or 2020 and 13.4% for 2019. see note 3 to the financial statements for a reconciliation of the federal statutory rate of 21% to the effective income tax rates.
2019 compared to 2018
see " management's financial discussion and analysis - results of operations " in item 7 of system energy's annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2019, filed with the sec on february 21, 2020, for discussion of results of operations for 2019 compared to 2018.
430
table of contents system energy resources, inc.
management's financial discussion and analysis liquidity and capital resources cash flow cash flows for the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019, and 2018 were as follows:
2020        2019        2018
-in thousands cash and cash equivalents at beginning            $68,534     $95,685    $287,187
of period net cash provided by (used in):
operating activities                             -145,462     300,141     101,328
investing activities                             -206,443    -119,553    -286,161
financing activities                              525,840    -207,739      -6,669
net increase (decrease) in cash and cash          173,935     -27,151    -191,502
equivalents cash and cash equivalents at end of              $242,469     $68,534     $95,685
period
2020 compared to 2019
operating activities system energy's operating activities used $145.5 million of cash in 2020 compared to providing $300.1 million of cash in 2019 primarily due to:
 an increase of $382 million in income taxes paid in 2020. system energy made income tax payments of $384.3
million in 2020 in accordance with an intercompany income tax allocation agreement. the 2020 income tax payments are primarily related to the resolution of the 2014-2015 irs audit regarding the treatment of nuclear decommissioning costs included in cost of goods sold, which is discussed in note 3 to the financial statements in tax accounting methods ;
 an increase in spending of $34.9 million on nuclear refueling outages in 2020 as compared to prior year; and
 timing of payments to vendors.
the increase in cash used was offset by proceeds of $35 million received in december 2020 from the doe resulting from litigation regarding spent nuclear fuel storage costs that were previously expensed. see note 8 to the financial statements for a discussion of the spent nuclear fuel litigation.
investing activities net cash flow used in investing activities increased by $86.9 million in 2020 primarily due to:
 an increase of $77.2 million as a result of fluctuations in nuclear fuel activity because of variations from year to year in the timing and pricing of fuel reload requirements, material and services deliveries, and the timing of cash payments during the nuclear fuel cycle; and
 an increase of $28 million in nuclear construction expenditures as a result of spending in 2020 on grand gulf outage projects.
the increase was partially offset by money pool activity and proceeds of $5.5 million received in december 2020
from the doe resulting from litigation regarding spent nuclear fuel storage costs that were previously capitalized.
see note 8 to the financial statements for discussion of the spent nuclear fuel litigation.
431
table of contents system energy resources, inc.
management's financial discussion and analysis decreases in system energy's receivable from the money pool are a source of cash flow and system energy's receivable from the money pool decreased by $55.3 million in 2020 compared to decreasing by $47.8 million in 2019.
the money pool is an inter-company borrowing arrangement designed to reduce the utility subsidiaries' need for external short-term borrowings.
financing activities system energy's financing activities provided $525.8 million of cash in 2020 compared to using $207.7 million of cash in 2019 primarily due to the following activity:
 a $350 million capital contribution from entergy corporation in order to maintain system energy's capital structure in conjunction with the tax payments discussed in "operating activities";
 the issuance in december 2020 of $200 million of 2.14% series mortgage bonds;
 the issuance in october 2020 of $90 million of 2.05% series k notes by the system energy nuclear fuel company variable interest entity;
 a decrease in net repayments of $50.7 million of long-term borrowings in 2020 on the nuclear fuel company variable interest entity's credit facility; and
 a decrease of $43.6 million in common stock dividends and distributions in 2020 in order to maintain system energy's capital structure.
see note 5 to the financial statements for additional details of long-term debt.
2019 compared to 2018
see " management's financial discussion and analysis - liquidity and capital resources - cash flow " in item 7 of system energy's annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2019, filed with the sec on february 21,
2020, for discussion of operating, investing, and financing cash flow activities for 2019 compared to 2018.
capital structure system energy's debt to capital ratio is shown in the following table. the decrease in the debt to capital ratio is primarily due to the capital contribution from entergy corporation, partially offset by the issuance of long-term debt in 2020.
december 31,        december 31,
2020                2019

debt to capital                       42.7  %             43.5  %
effect of subtracting cash            (8.5  %)            (3.3  %)
net debt to net capital               34.2  %             40.2  %
net debt consists of debt less cash and cash equivalents. debt consists of short-term borrowings and long-term debt, including the currently maturing portion. capital consists of debt and common equity. net capital consists of capital less cash and cash equivalents. system energy uses the debt to capital ratio in analyzing its financial condition and believes it provides useful information to its investors and creditors in evaluating system energy's financial condition. system energy uses the net debt to net capital ratio in analyzing its financial condition and believes it provides useful information to its investors and creditors in evaluating system energy's financial condition because net debt indicates system energy's outstanding debt position that could not be readily satisfied by cash and cash equivalents on hand.
432
table of contents system energy resources, inc.
management's financial discussion and analysis system energy seeks to optimize its capital structure in accordance with its regulatory requirements and to control its cost of capital while also maintaining equity capitalization at a level consistent with investment-grade debt ratings. to the extent that operating cash flows are in excess of planned investments, cash may be used to reduce outstanding debt or may be paid as a dividend or a capital distribution, or a combination of the three, in appropriate amounts to maintain the capital structure. to the extent that operating cash flows are insufficient to support planned investments and other uses of cash, system energy may issue incremental debt or reduce dividends, or both, to maintain its capital structure. in addition, system energy may receive equity contributions to maintain its capital structure for certain circumstances that would materially alter the capital structure if financed entirely with debt and reduced dividends.
uses of capital system energy requires capital resources for:
 construction and other capital investments;
 debt maturities or retirements;
 working capital purposes, including the financing of fuel costs and tax payments; and
 dividend, distribution, and interest payments.
following are the amounts of system energy's planned construction and other capital investments.
2021    2022    2023
-in millions planned construction and capital investment:
generation                                   $90    $145    $140
utility support                               15      10      15
total                                       $105    $155    $155
following are the amounts of system energy's existing debt and lease obligations (includes estimated interest payments) and other purchase obligations.
2021    2022-2023    2024-2025    after 2025     total
-in millions long-term debt (a)                  $138         $444         $246          $299    $1,127
purchase obligations (b)              $6          $53          $47           $40      $146
(a) includes estimated interest payments. long-term debt is discussed in note 5 to the financial statements.
(b) purchase obligations represent the minimum purchase obligation or cancellation charge for contractual obligations to purchase goods or services. for system energy, it includes nuclear fuel purchase obligations.
in addition to the contractual obligations given above, system energy expects to contribute approximately $18.7
million to its qualified pension plans and approximately $22 thousand to other postretirement health care and life insurance plans in 2021, although the 2021 required pension contributions will be known with more certainty when the january 1, 2021 valuations are completed, which is expected by april 1, 2021. see " critical accounting estimates - qualified pension and other postretirement benefits " below for a discussion of qualified pension and other postretirement benefits funding.
also in addition to the contractual obligations, system energy has $14.2 million of unrecognized tax benefits and interest net of unused tax attributes and payments for which the timing of payments beyond 12 months cannot be reasonably estimated due to uncertainties in the timing of effective settlement of tax positions. see note 3 to the financial statements for additional information regarding unrecognized tax benefits.
433
table of contents system energy resources, inc.
management's financial discussion and analysis in addition to routine spending to maintain operations, the planned capital investment estimate includes specific grand gulf investments and initiatives.
as a wholly-owned subsidiary, system energy dividends its earnings to entergy corporation at a percentage determined monthly.
sources of capital system energy's sources to meet its capital requirements include:
 internally generated funds;
 cash on hand;
 debt issuances, including debt issuances to refund or retire currently outstanding or maturing indebtedness;
 equity contributions; and
 bank financing under new or existing facilities.
system energy may refinance, redeem, or otherwise retire debt prior to maturity, to the extent market conditions and interest rates are favorable.
all debt issuances by system energy require prior regulatory approval. debt issuances are also subject to issuance tests set forth in its bond indenture and other agreements. system energy has sufficient capacity under these tests to meet its foreseeable capital needs.
system energy's receivables from the money pool were as follows as of december 31 for each of the following years.
2020                 2019        2018        2017
(in thousands)
$4,004            $59,298    $107,122    $111,667
see note 4 to the financial statements for a description of the money pool.
the system energy nuclear fuel company variable interest entity has a credit facility in the amount of $120 million scheduled to expire in september 2022. as of december 31, 2020, no loans were outstanding under the system energy nuclear fuel company variable interest entity credit facility. see note 4 to the financial statements for additional discussion of the variable interest entity credit facility.
system energy obtained authorizations from the ferc through july 14, 2022 for the following:
 short-term borrowings not to exceed an aggregate amount of $200 million at any time outstanding;
 long-term borrowings and security issuances; and
 borrowings by its nuclear fuel company variable interest entity.
see note 4 to the financial statements for further discussion of system energy's short-term borrowing limits.
federal regulation see the " rate, cost-recovery, and other regulation - federal regulation " section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis and note 2 to the financial statements for a discussion of federal regulation.
434
table of contents system energy resources, inc.
management's financial discussion and analysis complaints against system energy return on equity and capital structure complaints in january 2017 the apsc and mpsc filed a complaint with the ferc against system energy. the complaint seeks a reduction in the return on equity component of the unit power sales agreement pursuant to which system energy sells its grand gulf capacity and energy to entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, and entergy new orleans. entergy arkansas also sells some of its grand gulf capacity and energy to entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, and entergy new orleans under separate agreements. the current return on equity under the unit power sales agreement is 10.94%, which was established in a rate proceeding that became final in july 2001.
the apsc and mpsc complaint alleges that the return on equity is unjust and unreasonable because capital market and other considerations indicate that it is excessive. the complaint requests proceedings to investigate the return on equity and establish a lower return on equity, and also requests that the ferc establish january 23, 2017 as a refund effective date. the complaint includes return on equity analysis that purports to establish that the range of reasonable return on equity for system energy is between 8.37% and 8.67%. system energy answered the complaint in february 2017 and disputes that a return on equity of 8.37% to 8.67% is just and reasonable. the lpsc and the city council intervened in the proceeding expressing support for the complaint. in september 2017 the ferc established a refund effective date of january 23, 2017 and directed the parties to engage in settlement proceedings before an alj. the parties have been unable to settle the return on equity issue and a ferc hearing judge was assigned in july 2018. the 15-month refund period in connection with the apsc/mpsc complaint expired on april 23, 2018.
in april 2018 the lpsc filed a complaint with the ferc against system energy seeking an additional 15-month refund period. the lpsc complaint requests similar relief from the ferc with respect to system energy's return on equity and also requests the ferc to investigate system energy's capital structure. the apsc, mpsc, and city council intervened in the proceeding, filed an answer expressing support for the complaint, and asked the ferc to consolidate this proceeding with the proceeding initiated by the complaint of the apsc and mpsc in january 2017.
system energy answered the lpsc complaint in may 2018 and also filed a motion to dismiss the complaint. in august
2018 the ferc issued an order dismissing the lpsc's request to investigate system energy's capital structure and setting for hearing the return on equity complaint, with a refund effective date of april 27, 2018. the 15-month refund period in connection with the lpsc return on equity complaint expired on july 26, 2019.
the portion of the lpsc's complaint dealing with return on equity was subsequently consolidated with the apsc and mpsc complaint for hearing. the parties addressed an order (issued in a separate proceeding involving new england transmission owners) that proposed modifying the ferc's standard methodology for determining return on equity. in september 2018, system energy filed a request for rehearing and the lpsc filed a request for rehearing or reconsideration of the ferc's august 2018 order. the lpsc's request referenced an amended complaint that it filed on the same day raising the same capital structure claim the ferc had earlier dismissed. the ferc initiated a new proceeding for the amended capital structure complaint, and system energy submitted a response in october 2018. in january 2019 the ferc set the amended complaint for settlement and hearing proceedings. settlement proceedings in the capital structure proceeding commenced in february 2019. as noted below, in june 2019 settlement discussions were terminated and the amended capital structure complaint was consolidated with the ongoing return on equity proceeding. the 15-month refund period in connection with the capital structure complaint was from september 24,
2018 to december 23, 2019.
in january 2019 the lpsc and the apsc and mpsc filed direct testimony in the return on equity proceeding. for the refund period january 23, 2017 through april 23, 2018, the lpsc argues for an authorized return on equity for system energy of 7.81% and the apsc and mpsc argue for an authorized return on equity for system energy of 8.24%.
for the refund period april 27, 2018 through july 27, 2019, and for application on a
435
table of contents system energy resources, inc.
management's financial discussion and analysis prospective basis, the lpsc argues for an authorized return on equity for system energy of 7.97% and the apsc and mpsc argue for an authorized return on equity for system energy of 8.41%. in march 2019, system energy submitted answering testimony. for the first refund period, system energy's testimony argues for a return on equity of 10.10%
(median) or 10.70% (midpoint). for the second refund period, system energy's testimony shows that the calculated returns on equity for the first period fall within the range of presumptively just and reasonable returns on equity, and thus the second complaint should be dismissed (and the first period return on equity used going forward). if the ferc nonetheless were to set a new return on equity for the second period (and going forward), system energy argues the return on equity should be either 10.32% (median) or 10.69% (midpoint).
in may 2019 the ferc trial staff filed its direct and answering testimony in the return on equity proceeding. for the first refund period, the ferc trial staff calculates an authorized return on equity for system energy of 9.89%
based on the application of ferc's proposed methodology. the ferc trial staff's direct and answering testimony noted that an authorized return on equity of 9.89% for the first refund period was within the range of presumptively just and reasonable returns on equity for the second refund period, as calculated using a study period ending january 31, 2019 for the second refund period.
in june 2019, system entergy filed testimony responding to the testimony filed by the ferc trial staff. among other things, system energy's testimony rebutted arguments raised by the ferc trial staff and provided updated calculations for the second refund period based on the study period ending may 31, 2019. for that refund period, system energy's testimony shows that strict application of the return on equity methodology proposed by the ferc staff indicates that the second complaint would not be dismissed, and the new return on equity would be set at
9.65% (median) or 9.74% (midpoint). system energy's testimony argues that these results are insufficient in light of benchmarks such as state returns on equity and treasury bond yields, and instead proposes that the calculated returns on equity for the second period should be either 9.91% (median) or 10.3% (midpoint). system energy's testimony also argues that, under application of its proposed modified methodology, the 10.10% return on equity calculated for the first refund period would fall within the range of presumptively just and reasonable returns on equity for the second refund period.
also in june 2019, the ferc's chief alj issued an order terminating settlement discussions in the amended complaint addressing system energy's capital structure. the alj consolidated the amended capital structure complaint with the ongoing return on equity proceeding and set new procedural deadlines for the consolidated hearing.
in august 2019 the lpsc and the apsc and mpsc filed rebuttal testimony in the return on equity proceeding and direct and answering testimony relating to system energy's capital structure. the lpsc re-argues for an authorized return on equity for system energy of 7.81% for the first refund period and 7.97% for the second refund period. the apsc and mpsc argue for an authorized return on equity for system energy of 8.26% for the first refund period and
8.32% for the second refund period. with respect to capital structure, the lpsc proposes that the ferc establish a hypothetical capital structure for system energy for ratemaking purposes. specifically, the lpsc proposes that system energy's common equity ratio be set to entergy corporation's equity ratio of 37% equity and 63% debt. in the alternative, the lpsc argues that the equity ratio should be no higher than 49%, the composite equity ratio of system energy and the other entergy operating companies who purchase under the unit power sales agreement. the apsc and mpsc recommend that 35.98% be set as the common equity ratio for system energy. as an alternative, the apsc and mpsc propose that system energy's common equity be set at 46.75% based on the median equity ratio of the proxy group for setting the return on equity.
in september 2019 the ferc trial staff filed its rebuttal testimony in the return on equity proceeding. for the first refund period, the ferc trial staff calculates an authorized return on equity for system energy of 9.40%
based on the application of the ferc's proposed methodology and an updated proxy group. for the second refund period, based on the study period ending may 31, 2019, the ferc trial staff rebuttal testimony argues for a return on equity of 9.63%. in september 2019 the ferc trial staff also filed direct and answering testimony relating to system energy's capital structure. the ferc trial staff argues that the average capital structure of the proxy group used to develop system energy's return on equity should be used to establish the capital structure. using this
436
table of contents system energy resources, inc.
management's financial discussion and analysis approach, the ferc trial staff calculates the average capital structure for its proposed proxy group of 46.74%
common equity, and 53.26% debt.
in october 2019, system energy filed answering testimony disputing the ferc trial staff's, the lpsc's, and the apsc's and mpsc's arguments for the use of a hypothetical capital structure and arguing that the use of system energy's actual capital structure is just and reasonable.
in november 2019, in a proceeding that did not involve system energy, the ferc issued an order addressing the methodology for determining the return on equity applicable to transmission owners in miso. thereafter, the procedural schedule in the system energy proceeding was amended to allow the participants to file supplemental testimony addressing the order in the miso transmission owner proceeding (opinion no. 569).
in february 2020 the lpsc, the mpsc and apsc, and the ferc trial staff filed supplemental testimony addressing opinion no. 569 and how it would affect the return on equity evaluation for the two complaint periods concerning system energy. for the first refund period, based on their respective interpretations and applications of the opinion no. 569 methodology, the lpsc argues for an authorized return on equity for system energy of 8.44%; the mpsc and apsc argue for an authorized return on equity of 8.41%; and the ferc trial staff argues for an authorized return on equity of 9.22%. for the second refund period and on a prospective basis, based on their respective interpretations and applications of the opinion no. 569 methodology, the lpsc argues for an authorized return on equity for system energy of 7.89%; the mpsc and apsc argue that an authorized return on equity of 8.01% may be appropriate; and the ferc trial staff argues for an authorized return on equity of 8.66%.
in april 2020, system energy filed supplemental answering testimony addressing opinion no. 569. system energy argues that the opinion no. 569 methodology is conceptually and analytically defective for purposes of establishing just and reasonable authorized return on equity determinations and proposes an alternative approach. as its primary recommendation, system energy continues to support the return on equity determinations in its march 2019 testimony for the first refund period and its june 2019 testimony for the second refund period. under the opinion no. 569
methodology, system energy calculates a "presumptively just and reasonable range" for the authorized return on equity for the first refund period of 8.57% to 9.52%, and for the second refund period of 8.28% to 9.11%. system energy argues that these ranges are not just and reasonable results. under its proposed alternative methodology, system energy calculates an authorized return on equity of 10.26% for the first refund period, which also falls within the presumptively just and reasonable range calculated for the second refund period and prospectively.
in may 2020 the ferc issued an order on rehearing of opinion no. 569 (opinion no. 569-a). in june 2020 the procedural schedule in the system energy proceeding was further revised in order to allow parties to address the opinion no. 569-a methodology. pursuant to the revised schedule, in june 2020, the lpsc, mpsc and apsc, and the ferc trial staff filed supplemental testimony addressing opinion no. 569-a and how it would affect the return on equity evaluation for the two complaint periods concerning system energy. for the first refund period, based on their respective interpretations and applications of the opinion no. 569-a methodology, the lpsc argues for an authorized return on equity for system energy of 7.97%; the mpsc and apsc argue for an authorized return on equity of 9.24%; and the ferc trial staff argues for an authorized return on equity of 9.49%. for the second refund period and on a prospective basis, based on their respective interpretations and applications of the opinion no. 569-a methodology, the lpsc argues for an authorized return on equity for system energy of 7.78%; the mpsc and apsc argue that an authorized return on equity of 9.15% may be appropriate if the second complaint is not dismissed; and the ferc trial staff argues for an authorized return on equity of 9.09% if the second complaint is not dismissed.
pursuant to the revised procedural schedule, in july 2020, system energy filed supplemental testimony addressing opinion no. 569-a. system energy argues that strict application of the opinion no. 569-a methodology produces results inconsistent with investor requirements and does not provide a sound basis on which
437
table of contents system energy resources, inc.
management's financial discussion and analysis to evaluate system energy's authorized return on equity. as its primary recommendation, system energy argues for the use of a methodology that incorporates four separate financial models, including the constant growth form of the discounted cash flow model and the empirical capital asset pricing model. based on application of its recommended methodology, system energy argues for an authorized return on equity of 10.12% for the first refund period, which also falls within the presumptively just and reasonable range calculated for the second refund period and prospectively. under the opinion no. 569-a methodology, system energy calculates an authorized return on equity of 9.44% for the first refund period, which also falls within the presumptively just and reasonable range calculated for the second refund period and prospectively.
the parties and ferc trial staff filed final rounds of testimony in august 2020. the hearing before a ferc alj occurred in late-september through early-october 2020, post-hearing briefing took place in november and december
2020, and the initial decision is due in march 2021. system energy recorded a provision against revenue for the potential outcome of this proceeding.
grand gulf sale-leaseback renewal complaint and uncertain tax position rate base issue in may 2018 the lpsc filed a complaint against system energy and entergy services related to system energy's renewal of a sale-leaseback transaction originally entered into in december 1988 for an 11.5% undivided interest in grand gulf unit 1. the complaint alleges that system energy violated the filed rate and the ferc's ratemaking and accounting requirements when it included in unit power sales agreement billings the cost of capital additions associated with the sale-leaseback interest, and that system energy is double-recovering costs by including both the lease payments and the capital additions in unit power sales agreement billings. the complaint also claims that system energy was imprudent in entering into the sale-leaseback renewal because the utility operating companies that purchase grand gulf's output from system energy could have obtained cheaper capacity and energy in the miso markets. the complaint further alleges that system energy violated various other reporting and accounting requirements and should have sought prior ferc approval of the lease renewal. the complaint seeks various forms of relief from the ferc. the complaint seeks refunds for capital addition costs for all years in which they were recorded in allegedly non-formula accounts or, alternatively, the disallowance of the return on equity for the capital additions in those years plus interest. the complaint also asks that the ferc disallow and refund the lease costs of the sale-leaseback renewal on grounds of imprudence, investigate system energy's treatment of a doe litigation payment, and impose certain forward-looking procedural protections, including audit rights for retail regulators of the unit power sales agreement formula rates. the apsc, mpsc, and city council intervened in the proceeding.
in june 2018, system energy and entergy services filed a motion to dismiss and an answer to the lpsc complaint denying that system energy's treatment of the sale-leaseback renewal and capital additions violated the terms of the filed rate or any other ferc ratemaking, accounting, or legal requirements or otherwise constituted double recovery. the response also argued that the complaint is inconsistent with a ferc-approved settlement to which the lpsc is a party and that explicitly authorizes system energy to recover its lease payments. finally, the response argued that both the capital additions and the sale-leaseback renewal were prudent investments and the lpsc complaint fails to justify any disallowance or refunds. the response also offered to submit formula rate protocols for the unit power sales agreement similar to the procedures used for reviewing transmission rates under the miso tariff. in september 2018 the ferc issued an order setting the complaint for hearing and settlement proceedings.
the ferc established a refund effective date of may 18, 2018.
in february 2019 the presiding alj ruled that the hearing ordered by the ferc includes the issue of whether specific subcategories of accumulated deferred income tax should be included in, or excluded from, system energy's formula rate. in march 2019 the lpsc, mpsc, apsc and city council filed direct testimony. the lpsc testimony sought refunds that include the renewal lease payments (approximately $17.2 million per year since july 2015), rate base reductions for accumulated deferred income tax associated with uncertain tax positions, and the cost of capital additions associated with the sale-leaseback interest, as well as interest on those amounts.
438
table of contents system energy resources, inc.
management's financial discussion and analysis in june 2019 system energy filed answering testimony arguing that the ferc should reject all claims for refunds.
among other things, system energy argued that claims for refunds of the costs of lease renewal payments and capital additions should be rejected because those costs were recovered consistent with the unit power sales agreement formula rate, system energy was not over or double recovering any costs, and ratepayers will save costs over the initial and renewal terms of the leases. system energy argued that claims for refunds associated with liabilities arising from uncertain tax positions should be rejected because the liabilities do not provide cost-free capital, the repayment timing of the liabilities is uncertain, and the outcome of the underlying tax positions is uncertain.
system energy's testimony also challenged the refund calculations supplied by the other parties.
in august 2019 the ferc trial staff filed direct and answering testimony seeking refunds for rate base reductions for liabilities associated with uncertain tax positions. the ferc trial staff also argued that system energy recovered $32 million more than it should have in depreciation expense for capital additions. in september 2019, system energy filed cross-answering testimony disputing the ferc trial staff's arguments for refunds, stating that the ferc trial staff's position regarding depreciation rates for capital additions is not unreasonable, but explaining that any change in depreciation expense is only one element of a unit power sales agreement re-billing calculation. adjustments to depreciation expense in any re-billing under the unit power sales agreement formula rate will also involve changes to accumulated depreciation, accumulated deferred income taxes, and other formula elements as needed. in october 2019 the lpsc filed rebuttal testimony increasing the amount of refunds sought for liabilities associated with uncertain tax positions. the lpsc seeks approximately $512 million plus interest, which is approximately $191 million through december 31, 2020. the ferc trial staff also filed rebuttal testimony in which it seeks refunds of a similar amount as the lpsc for the liabilities associated with uncertain tax positions.
the lpsc testimony also argued that adjustments to depreciation rates should affect rate base on a prospective basis only.
a hearing was held before a ferc alj in november 2019. in april 2020 the alj issued an initial decision. among other things, the alj determined that refunds were due on three main issues. first, with regard to the lease renewal payments, the alj determined that system energy is recovering an unjust acquisition premium through the lease renewal payments, and that system energy's recovery from customers through rates should be limited to the cost of service based on the remaining net book value of the leased assets, which is approximately $70 million. the alj found that the remedy for this issue should be the refund of lease payments (approximately $17.2 million per year since july 2015) with interest determined at the ferc quarterly interest rate, which would be offset by the addition of the net book value of the leased assets in the cost of service. the alj did not calculate a value for the refund expected as a result of this remedy. in addition, system energy would no longer recover the lease payments in rates prospectively. second, with regard to the liabilities associated with uncertain tax positions, the alj determined that the liabilities are accumulated deferred income taxes and system energy's rate base should have been reduced for those liabilities. if the alj's initial decision is upheld, the estimated refund for this issue through december 31, 2020, is approximately $422 million, plus interest, which is approximately $110 million through december 31, 2020. t he alj also found that system energy should include liabilities associated with uncertain tax positions as a rate base reduction going forward. third, with regard to the depreciation expense adjustments, the alj found that system energy should correct for the error in re-billings retroactively and prospectively, but that system energy should not be permitted to recover interest on any retroactive return on enhanced rate base resulting from such corrections. if the initial decision is affirmed on this issue, system energy estimates refunds of approximate ly $19 million, which includes interest through december 31, 2020.
the alj initial decision is an interim step in the ferc litigation process, and an alj's determinations made in an initial decision are not controlling on the ferc. the alj in the initial decision acknowledges that these are issues of first impression before the ferc. in june 2020, system energy, the lpsc, and the ferc trial staff filed briefs on exceptions, challenging several of the initial decision's findings. system energy's brief on exceptions challenged the initial decision's limitations on recovery of the lease renewal payments, its proposed rate base refund for the liabilities associated with uncertain tax positions, and its proposal to asymmetrically treat interest on bill corrections for depreciation expense adjustments. the lpsc's and the ferc trial staff's briefs on
439
table of contents system energy resources, inc.
management's financial discussion and analysis exceptions each challenged the initial decision's allowance for recovery of the cost of service associated with the lease renewal based on the remaining net book value of the leased assets, its calculation of the remaining net book value of the leased assets, and the amount of the initial decision's proposed rate base refund for the liabilities associated with uncertain tax positions. the lpsc's brief on exceptions also challenged the initial decision's proposal that depreciation expense adjustments include retroactive adjustments to rate base and its finding that section 203 of the federal power act did not apply to the lease renewal. the ferc trial staff's brief on exceptions also challenged the initial decision's finding that the ferc need not institute a formal investigation into system energy's tariff. in october 2020, system energy, the lpsc, the mpsc, the apsc, and the city council filed briefs opposing exceptions. system energy opposed the exceptions filed by the lpsc and the ferc trial staff. the lpsc, mpsc, apsc, city council, and the ferc trial staff opposed the exceptions filed by system energy. also in october
2020 the mpsc, apsc, and the city council filed briefs adopting the exceptions of the lpsc and the ferc trial staff. the case is pending before the ferc, which will review the case and issue an order on the proceeding, and the ferc may accept, reject, or modify the alj's initial decision in whole or in part. refunds, if any, that might be required will only become due after the ferc issues its order reviewing the initial decision.
in addition, in september 2020, the irs issued a notice of proposed adjustment (nopa) and entergy executed it. the nopa memorializes the irs's decision to adjust the 2015 consolidated federal income tax return of entergy corporation and certain of its subsidiaries, including system energy, with regard to the uncertain decommissioning tax position. pursuant to the audit resolution documented in the nopa, the irs allowed system energy's inclusion of
$102 million of future nuclear decommissioning costs in system energy's cost of goods sold for the 2015 tax year, roughly 10% of the requested deduction, but disallowed the balance of the position. in september 2020, system energy filed a motion to lodge the nopa into the record in the ferc proceeding. in october 2020 the lpsc, the apsc, the mpsc, the city council, and the ferc trial staff filed oppositions to system energy's motion. as a result of the nopa issued by the irs in september 2020, system energy filed, in october 2020, a new federal power act section
205 filing at ferc to establish an ongoing rate base credit for the accumulated deferred income taxes resulting from the decommissioning uncertain tax position. on a prospective basis beginning with the october 2020 bill, system energy proposes to include the accumulated deferred income taxes arising from the successful portion of the decommissioning uncertain tax position as a credit to rate base under the unit power sales agre ement. in november
2020 the lpsc, apsc, mpsc, and city council filed a protest to the filing, and system ene rgy responded.
in november 2020 the irs issued a revenue agent's report (rar) for the 2014/2015 tax year and in december 2020
entergy executed it. the rar contained the same adjustment to the uncertain nuclear decommissioning tax position as that which the irs had announced in the nopa. in december 2020, system energy filed a motion to lodge the rar into the record in the ferc proceeding addressing the uncertain tax position rate base is sue. in january 2021 the lpsc, apsc, mpsc, and city council filed a protest to the motion.
as a result of the rar, in december 2020, system energy filed amendments to its new federal power act section 205
filings to establish an ongoing rate base credit for the accumulated deferred income taxes resulting from the decommissioning uncertain tax position and to credit excess accumulated deferred income taxes arising from the successful portion of the decommissioning uncertain tax position. the amendments both propose the inclusion of the rar as support for the filings. in december 2020 the lpsc, apsc, and city council filed a protest in response to the amendments, reiterating their prior objections to the filings. in february 2021 the ferc issued an order accepting system energy's federal power act section 205 filings subject to refund, setting them for hearing, and holding the hearing in abeyance.
in december 2020, system energy filed a new federal power act section 205 filing to provide a one-time, historical credit of $25.2 million for the accumulated deferred income taxes that would have been created by the decommissioning uncertain tax position if the irs's decision had been known in 2016. in january 2021 the lpsc, apsc, mpsc, and city council filed a protest to the filing.
440
table of contents system energy resources, inc.
management's financial discussion and analysis lpsc authorization of additional complaints in may 2020 the lpsc authorized its staff to file additional complaints at the ferc related to the rates charged by system energy for grand gulf energy and capacity supplied to entergy louisiana under the unit power sales agreement. the lpsc directive notes that the initial decision issued by the presiding alj in the grand gulf sale-
leaseback complaint proceeding did not address, for procedural reasons, certain rate issues raised by the lpsc and declined to order further investigation of rates charged by system energy. the lpsc directive authorizes its staff to file complaints at the ferc "necessary to address these rate issues, to request a full investigation into the rates charged by system energy for grand gulf power, and to seek rate refund, rate reduction, and such other remedies as may be necessary and appropriate to protect louisiana ratepayers." the lpsc directive further stated that the lpsc has seen "information suggesting that the grand gulf plant has been significantly underperforming compared to other nuclear plants in the united states, has had several extended and unexplained outages, and has been plagued with serious safety concerns." the lpsc expressed concern that the costs paid by entergy louisiana's retail customers may have been detrimentally impacted, and authorized "the filing of a ferc complaint to address these performance issues and to seek appropriate refund, rate reduction, and other remedies as may be appropriate."
the first of the additional complaints was filed at the ferc by the lpsc, the apsc, the mpsc, and the city council in september 2020. the new complaint raises two sets of rate allegations: violations of the filed rate and a corresponding request for refunds for prior periods; and elements of the unit power sales agreement are unjust and unreasonable and a corresponding request for refunds for the 15-month refund period and changes to the unit power sales agreement prospectively. several of the filed rate allegations overlap with the previous complaints. the filed rate allegations not previously raised are that system energy: failed to provide a rate base credit to customers for the "time value" of sale-leaseback lease payments collected from customers in advance of the time those payments were due to the owner-lessors; improperly included certain lease refinancing costs in rate base as prepayments; improperly included nuclear decommissioning outage costs in rate base; failed to include categories of accumulated deferred income taxes as a reduction to rate base; charged customers based on a higher equity ratio than would be appropriate due to excessive retained earnings; and did not correctly reflect money pool investments and imprudently invested cash into the money pool. the elements of the unit power sales agreement that the complaint alleges are unjust and unreasonable include: incentive and executive compensation, lack of an equity re-
opener, lobbying, and private airplane travel. the new complaint also requests a rate investigation into the unit power sales agreement and system energy's billing practices pursuant to section 206 of the federal power act, including any issue relevant to the unit power sales agreement and its inputs. system energy filed its answer opposing the new complaint in november 2020. in its answer, system energy argued that all of the claims raised in the complaint should be dismissed and agreed that bill adjustment with respect to two discrete issues were justified. system energy argued that dismissal is warranted because all claims fall into one or more of the following categories: the claims have been raised and are being litigated in another proceeding; the claims do not present a prima facie case and do not satisfy the threshold burden to establish a complaint proceeding; the claims are premised on a theory or request relief that is incompatible with federal law or ferc policy; the claims request relief that is inconsistent with the filed rate; the claims are barred or waived by the legal doctrine of laches;
and/or the claims have been fully addressed and do not warrant further litigation. in december 2020, system energy filed a bill adjustment report indicating that $3.4 million had been credited to customers in connection with the two discrete issues concerning the inclusion of certain accumulated deferred income taxes balances in rates. in january 2021 the complainants filed a response to system energy's november 2020 answer, and in february 2020, system energy filed a response to the complainant's response.
the operational prudence-related complaint has not been filed as of this date, and the lpsc directive did not set a date for the filing.
unit power sales agreement in august 2017, system energy submitted to the ferc proposed amendments to the unit power sales
441
table of contents system energy resources, inc.
management's financial discussion and analysis agreement pursuant to which system energy sells its grand gulf capacity and energy to entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, and entergy new orleans. the filing proposes limited amendments to the unit power sales agreement to adopt (1) updated rates for use in calculating grand gulf plant depreciation and amortization expenses and (2) updated nuclear decommissioning cost annual revenue requirements, both of which are recovered through the unit power sales agreement rate formula. the amendments result in lower charges to the utility operating companies that buy capacity and energy from system energy under the unit power sales agreement. the changes were based on updated depreciation and nuclear decommissioning studies that take into account the renewal of grand gulf's operating license for a term through november 1, 2044.
in september 2017 the ferc accepted system energy's proposed unit power sales agreement amendments, subject to further proceedings to consider the justness and reasonableness of the amendments. because the amendments propose a rate decrease, the ferc also initiated an investigation under section 206 of the federal power act to determine if the rate decrease should be lower than proposed. the ferc accepted the proposed amendments effective october 1,
2017, subject to refund pending the outcome of the further settlement and/or hearing proceedings, and established a refund effective date of october 11, 2017 with respect to the rate decrease. in june 2018, system energy filed with the ferc an uncontested settlement relating to the updated depreciation rates and nuclear decommissioning cost annual revenue requirements. in august 2018 the ferc issued an order accepting the settlement. in the third quarter
2018, system energy recorded a reduction in depreciation expense of approximately $26 million, representing the cumulative difference in depreciation expense resulting from the depreciation rates used from october 11, 2017
through september 30, 2018 and the depreciation rates included in the settlement filing accepted by the ferc.
nuclear matters system energy owns and, through an affiliate, operates grand gulf. system energy is, therefore, subject to the risks related to owning and operating a nuclear plant. these include risks related to: the use, storage, and handling and disposal of high-level and low-level radioactive materials; the substantial financial requirements, both for capital investments and operational needs, to position grand gulf to meet its operational goals; the performance and capacity factors of grand gulf, including the financial requirements to address emerging issues like stress corrosion cracking of certain materials within the plant systems; regulatory requirements and potential future regulatory changes, including changes affecting the regulations governing nuclear plant ownership, operations, license renewal and amendments, and decommissioning; the availability of interim or permanent sites for the disposal of spent nuclear fuel and nuclear waste, including the fees charged for such disposal; the sufficiency of nuclear decommissioning trust fund assets and earnings to complete decommissioning of the site when required;
and limitations on the amounts and types of insurance commercially available for losses in connection with nuclear plant operations and catastrophic events such as a nuclear accident. in the event of an unanticipated early shutdown of grand gulf, system energy may be required to provide additional funds or credit support to satisfy regulatory requirements for decommissioning. grand gulf's operating license expires in 2044.
in november 2020 the nrc placed grand gulf in the "regulatory response column", or column 2, of the nrc's reactor oversight process action matrix based on the incidence of three unplanned plant scrams during the second and third quarters of 2020. two of the scram events related to new turbine control system components that failed, and a third related to a feedwater valve positioner that failed, all of which had been replaced in a refueling outage that ended in may 2020. the nrc plans to conduct a supplemental inspection of grand gulf in accordance with its inspection procedures for nuclear plants in column 2. as a consequence of two additional grand gulf scrams during the fourth quarter 2020, system energy expects grand gulf to be placed into the "degraded cornerstone column", or column 3, of the nrc's reactor oversight process action matrix based on plant performance indicators for the four quarters ended december 31, 2020. this will involve an additional supplemental nrc inspection of grand gulf in accordance with its inspection procedures for nuclear plants in column 3.
442
table of contents system energy resources, inc.
management's financial discussion and analysis environmental risks system energy's facilities and operations are subject to regulation by various governmental authorities having jurisdiction over air quality, water quality, control of toxic substances and hazardous and solid wastes, and other environmental matters. management believes that system energy is in substantial compliance with environmental regulations currently applicable to its facilities and operations, with reference to possible exceptions noted in "
regulation of entergy's business - environmental regulation " in part i, item 1. because environmental regulations are subject to change, future compliance costs cannot be precisely estimated.
critical accounting estimates the preparation of system energy's financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to apply appropriate accounting policies and to make estimates and judgments that can have a significant effect on reported financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. management has identified the following accounting policies and estimates as critical because they are based on assumptions and measurements that involve a high degree of uncertainty, and there is the potential for future changes in the assumptions and measurements that could produce estimates that would have a material impact on the presentation of system energy's financial position or results of operations.
nuclear decommissioning costs see " nuclear decommissioning costs " in the " critical accounting estimates " section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for discussion of the estimates inherent in accounting for nuclear decommissioning costs.
utility regulatory accounting see " utility regulatory accounting " in the " critical accounting estimates " section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for discussion of accounting for the effects of rate regulation.
impairment of long-lived assets see " impairment of long-lived assets " in the " critical accounting estimates " section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for discussion of the estimates associated with the impairment of long-lived assets.
taxation and uncertain tax positions see " taxation and uncertain tax positions " in the " critical accounting estimates " section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for further discussion.
qualified pension and other postretirement benefits system energy's qualified pension and other postretirement reported costs, as described in note 11 to the financial statements, are impacted by numerous factors including the provisions of the plans, changing employee demographics, and various actuarial calculations, assumptions, and accounting mechanisms. see the " qualified pension and other postretirement benefits " in the " critical accounting estimates " section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for further discussion. because of the complexity of these calculations, the long-term nature of these obligations, and the importance of the assumptions utilized, entergy's estimate of these costs is a critical accounting estimate.
443
table of contents system energy resources, inc.
management's financial discussion and analysis cost sensitivity the following chart reflects the sensitivity of qualified pension cost and qualified projected benefit obligation to changes in certain actuarial assumptions (dollars in thousands).
impact on 2021 qualified      impact on 2020 projected actuarial assumption          change in assumption                   pension cost             qualified benefit obligation increase/(decrease)
discount rate                 -0.25%                                         $727                       $12,152
rate of return on plan        -0.25%                                         $709                            $-
assets rate of increase in           0.25%                                          $464                        $2,133
compensation the following chart reflects the sensitivity of postretirement benefit cost and accumulated postretirement benefit obligation to changes in certain actuarial assumptions (dollars in thousands).
impact on 2021       impact on 2020 accumulated actuarial assumption      change in assumption     postretirement benefit cost           postretirement benefit obligation increase/(decrease)
discount rate             -0.25%                                           $58                           $1,635
health care cost trend    0.25%                                            $69                           $1,202
each fluctuation above assumes that the other components of the calculation are held constant.
costs and employer contributions total qualified pension cost for system energy in 2020 was $17.3 million, including $105 thousand in settlement costs. system energy anticipates 2021 qualified pension cost to be $20 million. system energy contributed $16.1
million to its qualified pension plans in 2020 and estimates 2021 pension contributions will approximate $18.7
million, although the 2021 required pension contributions will be known with more certainty when the january 1,
2021 valuations are completed, which is expected by april 1, 2021.
total postretirement health care and life insurance benefit income for system energy in 2020 was $1.5 million.
system energy expects 2021 postretirement health care and life insurance benefit income to approximate $1.3
million. system energy contributed $1.3 million to its other postretirement plans in 2020 and expects 2021
contributions to approximate $22 thousand.
other contingencies see " other contingencies " in the " critical accounting estimates " section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for a discussion of the estimates associated with environmental, litigation, and other risks.
new accounting pronouncements see " new accounting pronouncements " section of note 1 to the financial statements for a discussion of new accounting pronouncements.
444
table of contents report of independent registered public accounting firm to the shareholder and board of directors of system energy resources, inc.
opinion on the financial statements we have audited the accompanying balance sheets of system energy resources, inc. (the "company") as of december 31,
2020 and 2019, the related statements of income, cash flows, and changes in common equity (pages 447 through 452
and applicable items in pages 51 through 238), for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2020, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). in our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the company as of december 31, 2020
and 2019, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2020, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america.
basis for opinion these financial statements are the responsibility of the company's management. our responsibility is to express an opinion on the company's financial statements based on our audits. we are a public accounting firm registered with the public company accounting oversight board (united states) (pcaob) and are required to be independent with respect to the company in accordance with the u.s. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the securities and exchange commission and the pcaob.
we conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the pcaob. those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. the company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. as part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the company's internal control over financial reporting. accordingly, we express no such opinion.
our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. we believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
critical audit matter the critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that is material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. the communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinion on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate.
rate and regulatory matters -system energy resources, inc. - refer to notes 2 to the financial statements critical audit matter description the company is subject to wholesale rate regulation by the federal energy regulatory commission ("ferc").
management has determined it meets the requirements under accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america to prepare its financial statements applying the specialized rules to account for the effects of cost-based rate regulation. accounting for the economics of rate regulation impacts multiple financial statement line items and disclosures, such as property, plant, and equipment; regulatory assets and liabilities; operating revenues; operation and maintenance expense; income taxes; and depreciation and amortization expense.
445
table of contents the company's rates are subject to regulatory rate-setting processes and annual earnings oversight. because the ferc sets the rates the company is allowed to charge customers based on allowable costs, including a reasonable return on equity, the company applies accounting standards that require the financial statements to reflect the effects of rate regulation, including the recording of regulatory assets and liabilities. the company assesses whether the regulatory assets and regulatory liabilities continue to meet the criteria for probable future recovery or settlement at each balance sheet date and when regulatory events occur. this assessment includes consideration of recent rate orders, historical regulatory treatment for similar costs, and factors such as changes in applicable regulatory and political environments. while the company has indicated it expects to recover costs from customers through regulated rates, there is a risk that the ferc will not approve: (1) full recovery of the costs of providing utility service, or (2) full recovery of amounts invested in the utility business and a reasonable return on that investment.
we identified the impact of rate regulation as a critical audit matter due to the significant judgments made by management to support its assertions about impacted account balances and disclosures and the high degree of subjectivity involved in assessing the impact of future regulatory orders on the financial statements. management judgments include assessing the (1) likelihood of recovery in future rates of incurred costs, (2) likelihood of refunds to customers, and (3) ongoing complaints filed with the ferc against the company. auditing management's judgments regarding the outcome of future decisions by the ferc, involved especially subjective judgment and specialized knowledge of accounting for rate regulation and the rate setting process.
how the critical audit matter was addressed in the audit our audit procedures related to the uncertainty of future decisions by the ferc included the following, among others:
 we tested the effectiveness of management's controls over the evaluation of the likelihood of (1) the recovery in future rates of costs incurred as property, plant, and equipment and deferred as regulatory assets, and (2) a refund or a future reduction in rates that should be reported as regulatory liabilities. we also tested the effectiveness of management's controls over the initial recognition of amounts as property, plant, and equipment;
regulatory assets or liabilities; and the monitoring and evaluation of regulatory developments that may affect the likelihood of recovering costs in future rates or of a future reduction in rates.
 we evaluated the company's disclosures related to the impacts of rate regulation, including the balances recorded and regulatory developments.
 we read relevant regulatory orders issued by the ferc for the company and other public utilities, regulatory statutes, interpretations, procedural memorandums, filings made by intervenors, and other publicly available information to assess the likelihood of recovery in future rates or of a future reduction in rates based on precedents of the ferc's treatment of similar costs under similar circumstances. we evaluated the external information and compared to management's recorded regulatory asset and liability balances for completeness.
 for regulatory matters in process, we inspected the company's filings and ongoing complaints filed with the ferc, including the return on equity, capital structure, and grand gulf sale-leaseback renewal complaints, and considered the filings with the ferc by intervenors that may impact the company's future rates, for any evidence that might contradict management's assertions .
 we obtained an analysis from management and support from internal and external legal counsel, as appropriate, regarding probability of recovery for regulatory assets or refund or future reduction in rates for regulatory liabilities not yet addressed in a regulatory order, including the complaints filed with the ferc against the company, to assess management's assertion that amounts are probable of recovery or a future reduction in rates.
/s/ deloitte & touche llp new orleans, louisiana february 26, 2021
we have served as the company's auditor since 2001.
446
table of contents system energy resources, inc.
income statements for the years ended december 31,
2020        2019        2018
-in thousands operating revenues electric                                                            $495,458    $573,410    $456,707
operating expenses operation and maintenance:
fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas                                  23,026      82,438      64,778
purchased for resale nuclear refueling outage expenses                                     27,737      33,376      20,715
other operation and maintenance                                      178,249     206,444     196,505
decommissioning                                                       37,181      35,729      34,336
taxes other than income taxes                                         28,657      29,018      28,090
depreciation and amortization                                        110,395     106,630      97,527
other regulatory credits - net                                       -26,531     -35,210     -28,924
total                                                                378,714     458,425     413,027
operating income                                                     116,744     114,985      43,680
other income allowance for equity funds used during                                 9,122       8,709       8,750
construction interest and investment income                                        36,478      29,488      35,985
miscellaneous - net                                                  -10,012      -5,516      -5,775
total                                                                 35,588      32,681      38,960
interest expense interest expense                                                      34,467      35,328      38,424
allowance for borrowed funds used during                              -1,809      -2,131      -2,218
construction total                                                                 32,658      33,197      36,206
income before income taxes                                           119,674     114,469      46,434
income taxes                                                          20,543      15,349     -47,675
net income                                                           $99,131     $99,120     $94,109
see notes to financial statements.
447

(page left blank intentionally)
448
table of contents system energy resources, inc.
statements of cash flows for the years ended december 31,
2020          2019        2018
-in thousands operating activities net income                                                           $99,131       $99,120     $94,109
adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flow provided by (used in)
operating activities:
depreciation, amortization, and decommissioning, including nuclear fuel                              184,429       212,170     186,719
amortization deferred income taxes, investment tax                               -455,732            95      24,040
credits, and non-current taxes accrued changes in assets and liabilities:
receivables                                                           13,932       -23,382      18,169
accounts payable                                                     -11,587        18,204      -7,067
prepaid taxes and taxes accrued                                       69,145        19,247     -51,999
interest accrued                                                         729        -1,302         -94
other working capital accounts                                       -34,158        15,879     -45,415
other regulatory assets                                              -48,880       -43,712      -2,044
other regulatory liabilities                                         140,965       130,949    -156,802
pension and other postretirement                                      15,596        11,177     -23,235
liabilities other assets and liabilities                                        -119,032      -138,304      64,947
net cash flow provided by (used in)                                 -145,462       300,141     101,328
operating activities investing activities construction expenditures                                           -193,857      -166,695    -194,696
allowance for equity funds used during                                 9,122         8,709       8,750
construction nuclear fuel purchases                                               -94,991       -18,170    -125,272
proceeds from the sale of nuclear fuel                                25,836        26,223      30,634
proceeds from nuclear decommissioning                                418,943       500,384     573,561
trust fund sales investment in nuclear decommissioning                               -432,249      -517,828    -583,683
trust funds changes in money pool receivable - net                                55,294        47,824       4,545
litigation proceeds for reimbursement of                               5,459             -           -
spent nuclear fuel storage costs net cash flow used in investing                                     -206,443      -119,553    -286,161
activities financing activities proceeds from the issuance of long-term                            1,147,903     1,103,917     741,785
debt retirement of long-term debt                                        -891,410    -1,187,406    -662,904
capital contribution from parent                                     350,000             -           -
changes in short-term credit borrowings                                    -             -     -17,830
- net common stock dividends and distributions                             -80,653      -124,250     -67,720
net cash flow provided by (used in)                                  525,840      -207,739      -6,669
financing activities net increase (decrease) in cash and cash                             173,935       -27,151    -191,502
equivalents cash and cash equivalents at beginning                                68,534        95,685     287,187
of period cash and cash equivalents at end of                                 $242,469       $68,534     $95,685
period supplemental disclosure of cash flow information:
cash paid during the period for:
interest - net of amount capitalized                                 $35,061       $21,052     $17,183
income taxes                                                        $384,329        $2,284     $53,956
see notes to financial statements.
449
table of contents system energy resources, inc.
balance sheets assets december 31,
2020          2019
-in thousands current assets cash and cash equivalents:
cash                                              $26,086           $93
temporary cash investments                        216,383        68,441
total cash and cash equivalents                   242,469        68,534
accounts receivable:
associated companies                               57,743       121,972
other                                               2,550         7,547
total accounts receivable                          60,293       129,519
materials and supplies - at average cost          123,006       108,766
deferred nuclear refueling outage costs            34,459        14,493
prepayments and other                               6,864         6,045
total                                             467,091       327,357
other property and investments decommissioning trust funds                     1,215,868     1,054,098
total                                           1,215,868     1,054,098
utility plant electric                                        5,309,458     5,070,859
construction work in progress                      59,831       164,996
nuclear fuel                                      175,005       149,574
total utility plant                             5,544,294     5,385,429
less - accumulated depreciation and             3,355,367     3,285,487
amortization utility plant - net                             2,188,927     2,099,942
deferred debits and other assets regulatory assets:
other regulatory assets                           538,963       490,083
accumulated deferred income tax                         -         8,023
other                                               3,119         3,192
total                                             542,082       501,298
total assets                                   $4,413,968    $3,982,695
see notes to financial statements.
450
table of contents system energy resources, inc.
balance sheets liabilities and equity december 31,
2020          2019
-in thousands current liabilities currently maturing long-term debt               $100,015           $10
accounts payable:
associated companies                              15,309        14,619
other                                             41,313        64,144
taxes accrued                                     82,977        13,832
interest accrued                                  12,722        11,993
other                                              4,248         3,381
total                                            256,584       107,979
non-current liabilities accumulated deferred income taxes and            359,835       821,963
taxes accrued accumulated deferred investment tax               38,902        40,181
credits regulatory liability for income taxes -          151,829       142,845
net other regulatory liabilities                     665,396       533,415
decommissioning                                  968,910       931,729
pension and other postretirement                 125,412       109,816
liabilities long-term debt                                   705,259       548,097
other                                             61,295        34,602
total                                          3,076,838     3,162,648
commitments and contingencies common equity common stock, no par value, authorized1,000,000shares; issued and            951,850       601,850
outstanding789,350shares in 2020 and
2019
retained earnings                                128,696       110,218
total                                          1,080,546       712,068
total liabilities and equity                  $4,413,968    $3,982,695
see notes to financial statements.
451
table of contents system energy resources, inc.
statements of changes in common equity for the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019, and 2018

common equity common stock    retained earnings         total
-in thousands balance at december 31, 2017                                  $658,350              $52,459      $710,809
net income                                                           -               94,109        94,109
common stock dividends and distributions                       -56,500              -11,220       -67,720
balance at december 31, 2018                                  $601,850             $135,348      $737,198
net income                                                           -               99,120        99,120
common stock dividends and distributions                             -             -124,250      -124,250
balance at december 31, 2019                                  $601,850             $110,218      $712,068
net income                                                           -               99,131        99,131
capital contribution from parent                               350,000                    -       350,000
common stock dividends and distributions                             -              -80,653       -80,653
balance at december 31, 2020                                  $951,850             $128,696    $1,080,546
see notes to financial statements.
452
table of contents system energy resources, inc.
selected financial data -
five-year comparison
2020          2019          2018          2017          2016
-dollars in thousands operating revenues                             $495,458      $573,410      $456,707      $633,458      $548,291
net income                                      $99,131       $99,120       $94,109       $78,596       $96,744
total assets                                 $4,413,968    $3,982,695    $3,848,814    $3,938,887    $3,927,712
long-term obligations (a)                      $705,259      $548,097      $630,744      $466,484      $501,129
electric energy sales (gwh)                       5,849         9,940         6,264         6,675         5,384
(a) includes long-term debt
(excluding currently maturing debt).
453

  
                                                                                                                 
  item 2.                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                 

  
                                                                                                                 
  properties                                                                                                     
                                                                                                                 

information regarding the registrant's properties is included in part i. item 1. - entergy's business under the sections titled " utility - property and other generation resources " and " entergy wholesale commodities -
property " in this report.
  
                                                                                                                 
  item 3.                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                 

  
                                                                                                                 
  legal proceedings                                                                                              
                                                                                                                 

details of the registrant's material environmental regulation and proceedings and other regulatory proceedings and litigation that are pending or those terminated in the fourth quarter of 2020 are discussed in part i. item 1. -
entergy's business under the sections titled " retail rate regulation ," " environmental regulation ," and "
litigation " and " impairment of long-lived assets " in note 14 to the financial statements.
  
                                                                                                                 
  item 4.                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                 

  
                                                                                                                 
  mine safety disclosures                                                                                        
                                                                                                                 

not applicable.
information about executive officers of entergy corporation executive officers name                              age    position                                                  period leo p. denault (a)                 61    chairman of the board and chief executive officer of      2013-present entergy corporation executive vice president and chief nuclear officer of a. christopher bakken, iii (a)     59    entergy corporation, entergy arkansas, entergy            2016-present louisiana, and system energy project director, hinkley point c of edf energy           2009-2016
executive vice president and general counsel of marcus v. brown (a)                59    entergy corporation, entergy arkansas, entergy            2013-present louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, entergy texas, and system energy andrew s. marsh (a)                49    executive vice president and chief financial officer      2013-present of entergy corporation director of entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, entergy         2013-present texas, and system energy chief financial officer of entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans,      2014-present entergy texas, and system energy
454
table of contents name                         age    position                                                             period group president utility operations of entergy corporation, roderick k. west (a)          52    entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi,      2017-present entergy new orleans, and entergy texas president, chief executive officer, and director of system     2017-present energy director of entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, entergy texas, and system    2017-present energy president and chief executive officer of entergy new                   2018
orleans executive vice president of entergy corporation                   2010-2017
chief administrative officer of entergy corporation               2010-2016
paul d. hinnenkamp (a)        59    executive vice president and chief operating officer of        2017-present entergy corporation director of entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy       2015-present mississippi, entergy new orleans, and entergy texas senior vice president and chief operating officer of              2015-2017
entergy corporation senior vice president, capital project management and                  2015
technology of entergy services, inc.
kathryn a. collins            57    senior vice president and chief human resources officer,       2020-present entergy corporation chief human resources officer, arcosa, inc.                       2018-2020
vice president, human resources, trinity, inc.                    2014-2018
julie e. harbert (a)          47    senior vice president, corporate business services of          2019-present entergy corporation vice president, shared services of entergy services, inc.         2017-2019
senior vice president, global business services of philips        2015-2017
health tech senior vice president and chief accounting officer of kimberly a. fontan (a)        47    entergy corporation, entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana,      2019-present entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, entergy texas, and system energy vice president, system planning of entergy services, inc.         2017-2019
vice president, regulatory services of entergy services,          2015-2017
inc.
peter s. norgeot, jr. (a)     55    senior vice president, transformation of entergy               2018-present corporation senior vice president, power generation of entergy services       2017-2018
vice president, fossil generation of entergy services             2015-2017
(a) in addition, this officer is an executive officer and/or director of various other wholly owned subsidiaries of entergy corporation and its operating companies.
each officer of entergy corporation is elected yearly by the board of directors. each officer's age and title are provided as of december 31, 2020.
455

  
                                                                                                                 
                                                     part ii                                                     
                                                                                                                 

  
                                                                                                                 
  item 5.                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                 

  
                                                                                                                 
  market for registrants' common equity and related stockholder matters                                          
                                                                                                                 

entergy corporation the shares of entergy corporation's common stock are listed on the new york stock and chicago stock exchanges under the ticker symbol etr. as of january 31, 2021, there were 22,817 stockholders of record of entergy corporation.
unregistered sales of equity securities and use of proceeds issuer purchases of equity securities (1)
total number of         maximum $ amount of period                total number of        average price paid     shares purchased as     shares that may yet shares purchased       per share              part of a publicly       be purchased under announced plan                   a plan (2)
10/01/2020 -          -                      $-                     -                              $350,052,918
10/31/2020
11/01/2020 -          -                      $-                     -                              $350,052,918
11/30/2020
12/01/2020 -          -                      $-                     -                              $350,052,918
12/31/2020
total                 -                      $-                     -
in accordance with entergy's stock-based compensation plans, entergy periodically grants stock options to key employees, which may be exercised to obtain shares of entergy's common stock. according to the plans, these shares can be newly issued shares, treasury stock, or shares purchased on the open market. entergy's management has been authorized by the board to repurchase on the open market shares up to an amount sufficient to fund the exercise of grants under the plans. in addition to this authority, the board has authorized share repurchase programs to enable opportunistic purchases in response to market conditions. in october 2010 the board granted authority for a $500
million share repurchase program. the amount of share repurchases under these programs may vary as a result of material changes in business results or capital spending or new investment opportunities. in addition, in the first quarter 2020, entergy withheld 151,159 shares of its common stock at $126.31 per share, 79,153 shares of its common stock at $129.55 per share, 41,167 shares of its common stock at $131.52 per share, 2,269 shares of its common stock at $124.28 per share, 1,331 shares of its common stock at $123.74 per share, 1,088 shares of its common stock at $102.93 per share, 441 shares of its common stock at $132.19 per share, 71 shares of its common stock at $86.51
per share, 31 shares of its common stock at $115.90 per share, and 19 shares of its common stock at $86.74 per share to pay income taxes due upon vesting of restricted stock granted and payout of performance units as part of its long-term incentive program.
(1) see note 12 to the financial statements for additional discussion of the stock-based compensation plans.
(2) maximum amount of shares that may yet be repurchased relates only to the $500 million plan does not include an estimate of the amount of shares that may be purchased to fund the exercise of grants under the stock-based compensation plans.
entergy corporation, entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, entergy texas, and system energy there is no market for the common equity of the registrant subsidiaries. information with respect to restrictions that limit the ability of the registrant subsidiaries to pay dividends or distributions is presented in note 7 to the financial statements.
456

  
                                                                                                                 
  item 6.                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                 

  
                                                                                                                 
  selected financial data                                                                                        
                                                                                                                 

refer to "selected financial data - five-year comparison of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries, entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries, entergy mississippi, llc, entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries, entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries, and system energy resources, inc." which follow each company's financial statements in this report, for information with respect to selected financial data and certain operating statistics.
  
                                                                                                                 
  item 7.                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                 

  
                                                                                                                 
  management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations                          
                                                                                                                 

refer to "management's financial discussion and analysis of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries, entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries, entergy mississippi, llc, entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries, entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries, and system energy resources, inc."
  
                                                                                                                 
  item 7a.                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                 

  
                                                                                                                 
  quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk                                                     
                                                                                                                 

refer to "management's financial discussion and analysis of entergy corporation and subsidiaries - market and credit risk sensitive instruments ."
  
                                                                                                                 
  item 8.                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                 

  
                                                                                                                 
  financial statements and supplementary data                                                                    
                                                                                                                 

refer to "table of contents - entergy corporation and subsidiaries, entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries, entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries, entergy mississippi, llc, entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries, entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries, and system energy resources, inc."
  
                                                                                                                 
  item 9.                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                 

  
                                                                                                                 
  changes in and disagreements with accountants on accounting and financial disclosure                           
                                                                                                                 

no event that would be described in response to this item has occurred with respect to entergy corporation, entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, entergy texas, or system energy.
  
                                                                                                                 
  item 9a.                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                 

  
                                                                                                                 
  controls and procedures                                                                                        
                                                                                                                 

disclosure controls and procedures as of december 31, 2020, evaluations were performed under the supervision and with the participation of entergy corporation, entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, entergy texas, and system energy (individually "registrant" and collectively the "registrants") management, including their respective principal executive officers (peo) and principal financial officers (pfo). the evaluations assessed the effectiveness of the registrants' disclosure controls and procedures. based on the evaluations, each peo and pfo has concluded that, as to the registrant or registrants for which they serve as peo or pfo, the registrant's or registrants' disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by each registrant in reports that it files or submits under the securities exchange act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in securities and exchange commission rules and forms; and that the registrant's or registrants' disclosure controls and procedures are also effective in reasonably assuring that such information is accumulated and communicated to the registrant's or registrants'
management, including their respective peos and pfos, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
457
table of contents internal control over financial reporting (entergy corporation, entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, entergy texas, and system energy)
the managements of entergy corporation, entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, entergy texas, and system energy (individually "registrant" and collectively the "registrants") are responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the registrants. each registrant's internal control system is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the preparation and fair presentation of each registrant's financial statements presented in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
all internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation.
each registrant's management assessed the effectiveness of each registrant's internal control over financial reporting as of december 31, 2020. in making this assessment, each registrant's management used the criteria set forth by the committee of sponsoring organizations of the treadway commission (coso) in internal control -
integrated framework. the 2013 coso framework was utilized for management's assessment.
based on each management's assessment and the criteria set forth by the 2013 coso framework, each registrant's management believes that each registrant maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of december 31, 2020.
the report of deloitte & touche llp, entergy corporation's independent registered public accounting firm, regarding entergy corporation's internal control over financial reporting is included herein. the report of deloitte & touche llp is not applicable to entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, entergy texas, and system energy because these registrants are non-accelerated filers.
changes in internal controls over financial reporting under the supervision and with the participation of each registrant's management, including its respective peo and pfo, each registrant evaluated changes in internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended december 31, 2020 and found no change that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, internal control over financial reporting.
458
table of contents attestation report of registered public accounting firm report of independent registered public accounting firm to the shareholders and board of directors of entergy corporation and subsidiaries opinion on internal control over financial reporting we have audited the internal control over financial reporting of entergy corporation and subsidiaries (the
"corporation") as of december 31, 2020, based on criteria established in internal control -integrated framework
(2013) issued by the committee of sponsoring organizations of the treadway commission (coso). in our opinion, the corporation maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of december 31, 2020, based on criteria established in internal control - integrated framework (2013) issued by coso.
we have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the public company accounting oversight board (united states) (pcaob), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended december 31, 2020 of the corporation and our report dated february 26, 2021 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements.
basis for opinion the corporation's management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in item 9a, internal control over financial reporting. our responsibility is to express an opinion on the corporation's internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. we are a public accounting firm registered with the pcaob and are required to be independent with respect to the corporation in accordance with the u.s. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the securities and exchange commission and the pcaob.
we conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the pcaob. those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. we believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.
definition and limitations of internal control over financial reporting a company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. a company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
/s/ deloitte & touche llp new orleans, louisiana february 26, 2021
459

  
                                                                                                                 
                                                    part iii                                                     
                                                                                                                 

  
                                                                                                                 
  item 10.                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                 

  
                                                                                                                 
  directors, executive officers, and corporate governance of the registrants                                     
                                                                                                                 

  
                                                                                                                 
  (entergy corporation, entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, and       
  entergy texas)                                                                                                 
                                                                                                                 

information required by this item concerning directors of entergy corporation is set forth under the heading
"proposal 1 - election of directors" contained in the proxy statement of entergy corporation, to be filed in connection with its annual meeting of stockholders to be held may 7, 2021, and is incorporated herein by reference.
all officers and directors listed below held the specified positions with their respective companies as of the date of filing this report, unless otherwise noted.
name                          age    position                                                      period entergy arkansas, llc directors laura r. landreaux             47    president and chief executive officer of entergy arkansas     2018-present director of entergy arkansas                                  2018-present operational finance director of entergy arkansas              2017-2018
vice president, regulatory affairs of entergy arkansas        2014-2017
paul d. hinnenkamp                   see information under the information about executive officers of entergy corporation in part i.
andrew s. marsh                      see information under the information about executive officers of entergy corporation in part i.
roderick k. west                     see information under the information about executive officers of entergy corporation in part i.
officers a. christopher bakken, iii           see information under the information about executive officers of entergy corporation in part i.
marcus v. brown                      see information under the information about executive officers of entergy corporation in part i.
leo p. denault                       see information under the information about executive officers of entergy corporation in part i.
paul d. hinnenkamp                   see information under the information about executive officers of entergy corporation in part i.
laura r. landreaux                   see information under the entergy arkansas directors section above.
andrew s. marsh                      see information under the information about executive officers of entergy corporation in part i.
kimberly a. fontan                   see information under the information about executive officers of entergy corporation in part i.
roderick k. west                     see information under the information about executive officers of entergy corporation in part i.
460
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc directors phillip r. may, jr.           58    president and chief executive officer of entergy louisiana     2013-present director of entergy louisiana                                  2013-present paul d. hinnenkamp                  see information under the information about executive officers of entergy corporation in part i.
andrew s. marsh                     see information under the information about executive officers of entergy corporation in part i.
roderick k. west                    see information under the information about executive officers of entergy corporation in part i.
officers a. christopher bakken, iii          see information under the information about executive officers of entergy corporation in part i.
marcus v. brown                     see information under the information about executive officers of entergy corporation in part i.
leo p. denault                      see information under the information about executive officers of entergy corporation in part i.
paul d. hinnenkamp                  see information under the information about executive officers of entergy corporation in part i.
andrew s. marsh                     see information under the information about executive officers of entergy corporation in part i.
phillip r. may, jr.                 see information under the entergy louisiana directors section above.
kimberly a. fontan                  see information under the information about executive officers of entergy corporation in part i.
roderick k. west                    see information under the information about executive officers of entergy corporation in part i.
entergy mississippi, llc directors haley r. fisackerly         55    president and chief executive officer of entergy mississippi     2008-present director of entergy mississippi                                  2008-present paul d. hinnenkamp                see information under the information about executive officers of entergy corporation in part i.
andrew s. marsh                   see information under the information about executive officers of entergy corporation in part i.
roderick k. west                  see information under the information about executive officers of entergy corporation in part i.
461
table of contents officers marcus v. brown        see information under the information about executive officers of entergy corporation in part i.
leo p. denault         see information under the information about executive officers of entergy corporation in part i.
haley r. fisackerly    see information under the entergy mississippi directors section above.
paul d. hinnenkamp     see information under the information about executive officers of entergy corporation in part i.
andrew s. marsh        see information under the information about executive officers of entergy corporation in part i.
kimberly a. fontan     see information under the information about executive officers of entergy corporation in part i.
roderick k. west       see information under the information about executive officers of entergy corporation in part i.
entergy new orleans, llc directors david d. ellis              52    president and chief executive officer of entergy new orleans     2018-present director of entergy new orleans                                  2018-present president and chief executive officer, global power                      2018
technologies managing director and chairman of comverge international,           2010-2017
inc.
paul d. hinnenkamp                see information under the information about executive officers of entergy corporation in part i.
andrew s. marsh                   see information under the information about executive officers of entergy corporation in part i.
roderick k. west                  see information under the information about executive officers of entergy corporation in part i.
officers marcus v. brown       see information under the information about executive officers of entergy corporation in part i.
leo p. denault        see information under the information about executive officers of entergy corporation in part i.
david d. ellis        see information under the entergy new orleans directors section above.
paul d. hinnenkamp    see information under the information about executive officers of entergy corporation in part i.
andrew s. marsh       see information under the information about executive officers of entergy corporation in part i.
kimberly a. fontan    see information under the information about executive officers of entergy corporation in part i.
roderick k. west      see information under the information about executive officers of entergy corporation in part i.
462
table of contents entergy texas, inc.
directors sallie t. rainer       58    president and chief executive officer of entergy texas                2012-present director of entergy texas                                             2012-present paul d. hinnenkamp           see information under the information about executive officers of entergy corporation in part i.
andrew s. marsh              see information under the information about executive officers of entergy corporation in part i.
roderick k. west             see information under the information about executive officers of entergy corporation in part i.
officers marcus v. brown       see information under the information about executive officers of entergy corporation in part i.
leo p. denault        see information under the information about executive officers of entergy corporation in part i.
paul d. hinnenkamp    see information under the information about executive officers of entergy corporation in part i.
andrew s. marsh       see information under the information about executive officers of entergy corporation in part i.
kimberly a. fontan    see information under the information about executive officers of entergy corporation in part i.
sallie t. rainer      see information under the entergy texas directors section above.
roderick k. west      see information under the information about executive officers of entergy corporation in part i.
the directors and officers of entergy texas are elected annually to serve by the unanimous consent of its sole common stockholder. the directors and officers of entergy arkansas, llc, entergy louisiana, llc, entergy mississippi, llc and entergy new orleans, llc are elected annually to serve by the unanimous consent of the sole common membership owner, entergy utility holding company, llc. entergy corporation's directors are elected annually at the annual meeting of shareholders. entergy corporation's officers are elected at the annual organizational meeting of the board of directors, which immediately follows the annual meeting of shareholders. the age of each officer and director for whom information is presented above is as of december 31, 2020.
corporate governance guidelines and committee charters each of the audit, corporate governance, and personnel committees of entergy corporation's board of directors operates under a written charter. in addition, the board has adopted corporate governance guidelines. each charter and the guidelines are available through entergy's website (www.entergy.com) or upon written request.
audit committee of the entergy corporation board the following directors are members of the audit committee of entergy corporation's board of directors:
patrick j. condon (chairman)
philip l. frederickson m. elise hyland karen a. puckett
463
table of contents all audit committee members are independent. in addition to the general independence requirements of the nyse, all audit committee members must meet the heightened independence standards imposed by the sec and nyse. all audit committee members possess the level of financial literacy required by the nyse rules and the board has determined that messrs. condon and frederickson satisfy the financial expertise requirements of the nyse and have the requisite experience to be designated an audit committee financial expert as that term is defined by the rules of the sec.
code of ethics effective october 2018, the entergy corporation board of directors adopted a code of business conduct and ethics that applies to members of the entergy corporation board of directors and all entergy officers and employees. the code of business conduct and ethics includes special provisions relating to principal executive officer and senior financial officers. it is to be read in conjunction with entergy's omnibus code of integrity under which entergy operates, called the code of entegrity, as well as system policies. all employees are expected to abide by the codes. non-bargaining employees are required to acknowledge annually that they understand and abide by the code of entegrity. the code of business conduct and ethics, including any amendments or any waivers thereto, and the code of entegrity are available through entergy's website (www.entergy.com) or upon written request.
nominations to the entergy corporation board of directors; nominating procedure shareholders wishing to recommend a candidate to the corporate governance committee should do so by submitting the recommendation in writing to entergy corporation's secretary at 639 loyola avenue, p.o. box 61000, new orleans, la
70161, and it will be forwarded to the corporate governance committee members for their consideration. any recommendation should include:
 the number of shares of entergy corporation stock held by the shareholder;
 the name and address of the candidate;
 a brief biographical description of the candidate, including his or her occupation for at least the last five years, and a statement of the qualifications of the candidate, taking into account the qualification requirements discussed in the proxy statement under "board of directors - identifying director candidates"; and
 the candidate's signed consent to be named in the proxy statement and a representation of such candidates' intent to serve as a director for the entire term if elected.
once the corporate governance committee receives the recommendation, it may request additional information from the candidate about the candidate's independence, qualifications, and other information that would assist the corporate governance committee in evaluating the candidate, as well as certain information that must be disclosed about the candidate in the proxy statement, if nominated. the corporate governance committee will apply the same standards in considering director candidates recommended by shareholders as it applies to other candidates.
464

  
                                                                                                                 
  item 11.                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                 

  
                                                                                                                 
  executive compensation                                                                                         
                                                                                                                 

entergy corporation information concerning compensation earned by the directors and officers of entergy corporation is set forth in its proxy statement, to be filed in connection with the annual meeting of shareholders to be held may 7, 2021, under the headings "compensation discussion and analysis," "annual compensation programs risk assessment," "executive compensation tables," "pay ratio disclosure," "our 2021 director nominees," and "2020 non-employee director compensation," all of which information is incorporated herein by reference. references in this section to the
"company" refer to entergy corporation.
entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, and entergy texas compensation discussion and analysis this compensation discussion and analysis describes entergy corporation's executive compensation policies, programs, philosophy and decisions regarding the named executive officers ("neos") for 2020. it also explains how and why the personnel committee of entergy corporation's board of directors arrived at the specific compensation decisions involving the neos in 2020 who were:
name(1)                       title a. christopher bakken, iii    executive vice president, nuclear operations/chief nuclear officer marcus v. brown               executive vice president and general counsel leo p. denault                chairman of the board and chief executive officer david d. ellis                president and chief executive officer, entergy new orleans haley r. fisackerly           president and chief executive officer, entergy mississippi laura r. landreaux            president and chief executive officer, entergy arkansas andrew s. marsh               executive vice president and chief financial officer, entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, and entergy texas phillip r. may, jr.           president and chief executive officer, entergy louisiana sallie t. rainer              president and chief executive officer, entergy texas roderick k. west              group president, utility operations
(1) messrs. bakken, brown, denault, marsh, and west hold the positions referenced above as executive officers of entergy corporation and are members of entergy corporation's office of the chief executive ("oce"). no additional compensation was paid in 2020 to any of these officers for their service as neos of the utility operating companies.
465
table of contents entergy corporation's compensation principles and philosophy entergy corporation's executive compensation programs are based on a philosophy of pay for performance that supports its strategy and business objectives. it believes the executive pay programs:
 motivate its management team to drive strong financial and operational results by linking pay to performance.
 attract and retain a highly experienced, diverse and successful management team.
 incentivize and reward the achievement of results that are deemed by the personnel committee to be consistent with the overall goals and strategic direction that the entergy corporation board has approved.
 create sustainable value for the benefit of all of entergy corporation's stakeholders, including its customers, employees, communities and owners.
 align the interests of the executives and entergy corporation's investors in its long-term business strategy by directly tying the value of equity-based awards to entergy corporation's stock price performance and relative total shareholder return.
466
table of contents executive compensation best practices :
entergy corporation regularly reviews its executive compensation programs to align them with commonly viewed best practices in the market and to reflect feedback from discussions with entergy corporation's investors on executive compensation .
what entergy corporation does
                                      executive compensation programs are highly correlated to performance and focused on long-term value creation
                                      double trigger for cash severance payments and equity acceleration in the event of a change in control
                                      clawback policy
                                      maximum payout capped at 200% of target for annual incentive awards and long-term performance unit program for members of the oce
                                      rigorous goal setting aligned with externally disclosed annual and multi-year financial targets
                                      minimum vesting periods for equity-based awards
                                      long-term compensation mix weighted more toward performance units than service-based equity awards
                                      all long-term incentive compensation is settled in entergy corporation common stock
                                      rigorous stock ownership and share retention requirements
                                      annual say on pay vote
                                      annual compensation risk assessment what entergy corporation doesn't do
                                      no 280g tax "gross up" payments in the event of a change in control
                                      no tax "gross up" payments on any executive perquisites for members of the oce, other than relocation benefits
                                      no option repricing or cash buy-outs for underwater options without shareholder approval no agreements providing for severance payments to executive officers
                                      that exceed 2.99 times annual base salary and annual incentive awards without shareholder approval
                                      no unusual or excessive perquisites
                                      no hedging or pledging of entergy corporation common stock
                                      no fixed term employment agreements
                                      no new officer participation in the system executive retirement plan
                                      no grants of supplemental service credit to newly-hired officers under any of entergy corporation's non-qualified retirement plans
467
table of contents how entergy corporation makes compensation decisions the personnel committee oversees the executive compensation programs and policies with the advice of its independent compensation consultant and support from entergy corporation's management team.
the personnel committee is responsible for the review and personnel committee                                                        approval of all aspects of the executive compensation programs and policies.
among its duties, the personnel
                                     committee is responsible for approving the compensation for all members of the oce, including:
annual review of the compensation
                                     elements and mix of elements for the following year;
annual review and approval of incentive program design, goals and
                                     objectives for alignment with entergy corporation's compensation and business strategies;
evaluation of company and
                                     individual performance results in light of these goals and objectives;
evaluation of the competitiveness
                                     of each executive officer's total compensation package;
approval of any changes to its executive officers' compensation,
                                     including but not limited to, base salary, annual and long-term incentive award opportunities and retention programs;
evaluation of the performance of
                                     entergy corporation's chairman and chief executive officer; and reporting, at least annually, to
                                     the entergy corporation board of directors on succession planning.
the personnel committee also receives reports and engages on other significant matters
                                     affecting the general employee population, including workforce diversity, inclusion and belonging, organizational health and safety.
the personnel committee has the sole authority to hire its compensation consultant, approve
                                     its compensation, determine the nature and scope of its services, evaluate its performance and terminate its engagement.
entergy corporation's chief executive officer and chief human resources officer (chro) work closely with the personnel committee in managing the executive management                                                                 compensation programs and attend meetings of the personnel committee.  mr. denault and the chro, kathryn collins since she joined entergy corporation, attended all of the personnel committee meetings held in 2020.
the chief executive officer reviews with the committee the performance of the members of the
                                     oce other than himself and makes recommendations to the committee regarding compensation for these executive officers.
during 2020, pay governance, llc
("pay governance") assisted the independent compensation                                                   personnel committee with its consultant                                                                  responsibilities related to entergy corporation's executive compensation programs.
                                     pay governance:
                                     regularly attended meetings of the committee;
                                     conducted studies of competitive compensation practices;
identified entergy corporation's
                                     market surveys and proxy peer group;
provided updates on executive
                                     compensation trends and regulatory developments;
reviewed base salary, annual
                                     incentives and long-term incentive compensation opportunities relative to competitive practices; and developed conclusions and
                                     recommendations related to the executive compensation programs for consideration by the committee.
468

2021 executive compensation program enhancements annual incentive awards . feedback from entergy corporation's investors has indicated that environmental, social and governance (or esg) issues are being viewed as increasingly vital to long-term performance. in addition, investors are expecting more transparency regarding corporate esg commitments. this echoes entergy corporation's own commitment to esg and all of its critical stakeholders. thus, entergy corporation conducted a comprehensive review of its incentive program in 2020 to identify and prioritize the optimal incentive metrics - including esg goals - to use in the 2021 program. historically, entergy corporation has used two financial measures to determine the entergy achievement multiplier ("eam"), which is the performance metric used to determine the maximum funding available for annual incentive awards. esg and other performance metrics were considered in determining the allocation of incentive funds to certain workgroups and individual recipients. however, to demonstrate entergy corporation's strong commitment to its esg goals, and to more explicitly link compensation to the interests of its stakeholders, the eam will be determined based on financial and non-financial measures beginning in 2021.
specifically, a financial measure will be weighted 60%, while quantitative and qualitative non-financial measures, including esg metrics, will account for the remaining 40%.
financial measure : keeping with the committee's goal of aligning performance measures with financial results that link to externally communicated investor guidance, etr tax adjusted earnings per share or etr tax adjusted eps will continue to be used as the financial measure to determine 60% of the eam. etr tax adjusted eps is based on entergy's adjusted earnings per share ("etr adjusted eps"), which is the earnings measure that is used for external guidance. etr adjusted eps adjusts entergy corporation's as reported (gaap) earnings per share results to eliminate the impact of its entergy wholesale commodities business, significant tax items and other non-routine items. to arrive at etr tax adjusted eps, etr adjusted eps is adjusted to add back the effect of significant tax items, and to eliminate the effect of: (i) major storms, including the impact on total debt of pending securitizations, (ii)
the resolution of certain unresolved regulatory litigation matters, (iii) unrealized gains or losses on equity securities, (iv) potential effects of federal income tax law changes, and (v) elective contributions to pension plans or trusts related to non-qualified postretirement benefits that deviate from original plan assumptions.
469
table of contents non-financial measures : the following non-financial metrics will be used to determine 40% of the eam for 2021:
measure                               description                           rationale quantitative measure of serious       ensures a safe and incident-free safety                                injury and fatalities per 100         workplace is maintained for all of employees or contractors as           entergy corporation's employees and defined by eei.                       contractors.
overall qualitative assessment of     reinforces the commitment to be a dib key performance indicators        fair and equitable work environment diversity, inclusion & belonging      assessed in the workforce,            that is welcoming to all and allows
(dib)                                 workplace and marketplace,            entergy corporation to attract and informed by quantitative measures;    retain superb talent, allowing it progress on dib initiatives; and      to execute its strategy to be the responsiveness to emergent issues.    premier utility.
drives an engaged workforce;
customer-centric service and solutions;
enhancement of owner value; and community partnerships.
reinforces entergy corporation's assessment of progress toward         commitment to long-term environmental commitments through     sustainability and a reduced impact environmental stewardship             performance on key initiatives and    on the environment. ensures utility co2 emission rate             accountability for achieving its outcomes.                             significant external commitments to reduce carbon emissions.
incentivizes actions that drive positive customer outcomes (as utilize quantitative residential      measured through customer feedback)
customer net promoter score           net promoter score benchmark          including impacts on reliability survey process.                       improvements, responsiveness, continuous improvement and innovation.
signals overall health and loyalty of entergy corporation's customer relationship.
targets for each of the non-financial measures will be clearly defined and will be designed to drive employee behaviors that support all four of entergy corporation's stakeholders - customers, employees, communities and our owners.
long-term performance incentive program ("ltip") . in recent performance periods, entergy corporation has used two financial measures to determine awards under the ltip - a cumulative earnings per share (eps) measure (most recently cumulative etr adjusted eps) and relative total shareholder return ("tsr"). to emphasize the importance of strong cash generation for the long-term health of its business, entergy corporation is replacing the eps measure with a credit measure - adjusted ffo/debt ratio for the 2021 - 2023 performance period. the adjusted ffo/debt ratio is the ratio of: (i) adjusted funds from operations calculated as operating cash flow adjusted for allowance for funds used during construction, working capital and the effects of securitization revenue, and the pre-defined exclusions discussed above for the annual incentives; to (ii) total debt, excluding outstanding or pending securitization debt. the personnel committee decided to use this ratio because it emphasizes financial stability, noting that a financially healthy utility creates the capacity to make investments on behalf of customers, addresses the needs of communities, provides low-cost access to capital markets and promotes employee confidence.
relative tsr will continue to be used as the other performance measure for the 2021 - 2023 ltip performance period, with relative tsr weighted 80% and the credit measure weighted 20%. relative tsr measures entergy corporation's total tsr relative to the tsr of the companies in the philadelphia utility index as of december 31, 2020. targets for the ltip performance measures will include the same exclusions that will be used to determine the annual incentive financial measure targets.
2020 incentive payouts performance measures and targets for the 2020 annual incentive awards were determined by the personnel committee in january 2020 and the targets and measures for the 2018 - 2020 ltip performance cycle were
470
table of contents established in january 2018. in january 2021, the personnel committee certified the results for the eam for the
2020 annual incentive awards and the 2018 - 2020 ltip performance cycle. the personnel committee did not make any adjustments to the targets for either program for the impact of covid-19 on entergy corporation and its subsidiaries.
entergy corporation believes the 2020 incentive pay outcomes for the neos demonstrate the application of its pay for performance philosophy.
annual incentive awards the personnel committee determined that the 2020 eam would be based on two equally weighted performance metrics:
 etr tax adjusted earnings per share ("etr tax adjusted eps") : entergy corporation uses a single non-gaap earnings measure for guidance and investor reporting purposes that reflects its ongoing business. this measure, entergy adjusted earnings per share ("etr adjusted eps") adjusts entergy corporation's as reported (gaap) earnings per share results to eliminate the impact of its entergy wholesale commodities business, significant tax items and other non-routine items. etr tax adjusted eps is based on the externally reported etr adjusted eps, which is then adjusted to add back the effect of significant tax items, and to eliminate the effect of major storms, the resolution of certain unresolved regulatory litigation matters, changes in federal income tax law and unrealized gains or losses on equity securities (the "pre-determined exclusions"), as well as other items the personnel committee may consider appropriate adjustments based on management accountability and business rationale.
 entergy adjusted operating cash flow ("etr adjusted ocf") : etr adjusted ocf is calculated based on entergy corporation's as-reported (gaap) operating cash flow, adjusted to eliminate the effect of any pre-determined exclusions.
the 2020 annual incentive award targets and results determined by the personnel committee were:
annual incentive program performance      2020 targets    2020 results goals etr tax adjusted eps                             $5.60           $6.90
etr adjusted ocf ($ billions)                   $3.450          $3.127
eam as a percentage of target                     100%            120%
average neo payout (as a percentage of                            124%
target)
in january 2021, the personnel committee determined that etr adjusted eps exceeded the maximum by $1.30, but fell short of achieving its etr adjusted ocf target of $3.45 billion by approximately $323 million, leading to a preliminary eam of 118%. in recognition of management's success in achieving positive outcomes in 2020 on certain strategic efforts deemed critical to entergy corporation's long-term success, the committee exercised its discretion to increase the eam by 2% to 120%. based on each neo's individual accountabilities and accomplishments, the committee then determined individual annual incentive awards of 115% to 150% of the target opportunity for each of the neos.
long-term performance unit program in january 2018, the personnel committee chose relative tsr and cumulative adjusted utility, plant & other earnings per share ("cumulative adjusted up&o eps"), each weighted equally, as the performance measures for the 2018 - 2020
ltip performance period. cumulative adjusted up&o eps adjusts entergy corporation's cumulative operational utility, parent & other results to eliminate the impact of tax items and weather. similar to the way targets are established for the annual incentive awards, the relative tsr and cumulative adjusted up&o eps performance measures were established by the personnel committee after the board's review of entergy corporation's strategic plan.
471
table of contents the targets and results for the 2018 - 2020 ltip performance period as determined by the personnel committee were:
ltip results                          2018 - 2020 ltip target    2018 - 2020 ltip result relative tsr                                           median                2ndquartile cumulative adjusted up&o eps                           $15.20                     $15.25
payout (as a percentage of target)                       100%                       126%
what entergy corporation pays and why principal executive compensation elements the principal components of entergy corporation's 2020 executive compensation programs and the purpose of each component were:
compensation         form      performance           primary purpose       vesting period    subject to element                        metrics                                                       clawback provides a base level of base salary          cash      n/a                   competitive cash      n/a               n/a compensation for executive talent.
motivates and rewards executives annual incentive     cash      etr tax adjusted      for performance on    1 year            u
eps (50%)             key financial measures during the year.
etr adjusted ocf
(50%)
focuses the executive officers on building long-term shareholder value, long-term            equity    relative tsr (80%)    growing earnings      3 years           u
performance units                                    and increases executives'
ownership of entergy corporation common stock.
cumulative etr adjusted eps
(20%)
align interests of executives with long-term shareholder value, provide competitive stock options        equity    n/a                   compensation, and     3 years           u
increase executives'
ownership in entergy corporation common stock.
aligns interests of executives with long-term shareholder value, provides competitive compensation, restricted stock     equity    n/a                   retains executive     3 years           u
talent and increases the executives'
ownership in entergy corporation common stock.
competitive positioning market data for compensation comparison annually, the personnel committee reviews:
 published and private compensation survey data compiled by pay governance, the personnel committee's independent compensation consultant;
472

 both utility and general industry data to determine total cash compensation (base salary and annual incentive)
for non-industry specific roles;
 data from utility companies to determine total cash compensation for management roles that are utility-specific, such as group president, utility operations; and
 utility market data to determine long-term incentives for all positions.
how the personnel committee uses the market data the personnel committee uses this survey data to develop compensation opportunities that are designed to deliver total direct compensation ("tdc") within a targeted range of approximately the 50 th percentile of the surveyed companies in the aggregate. in most cases, the committee considers its objectives to have been met if entergy corporation's chief executive officer and the eight other executive officers (including the applicable neos) who constitute the oce each has a target compensation opportunity that falls within a targeted range of 85% - 115% of the 50 th percentile of the survey data. in general, compensation levels for an executive officer who is new to a position tend to be at the lower end of the competitive range, while seasoned executive officers whose experience and skill set are viewed as critical to retain would be positioned at the higher end of the competitive range.
generally, differences in the levels of tdc among the neos are primarily driven by the scope of their responsibilities, differences in the competitive market pay range for similar positions, performance and considerations of internal pay equity.
proxy peer group although the survey data described above are the primary data used in benchmarking compensation, the committee uses compensation information from the companies included in the philadelphia utility index to evaluate the overall reasonableness of entergy corporation's compensation programs and to determine relative tsr for the 2020 - 2022
ltip performance period. the companies included in the philadelphia utility index at the time the personnel committee approved the 2020 compensation model and framework were:
aes corporation                       el paso electric co.*
ameren corporation                    eversource energy american electric power co. inc.      exelon corporation american water works company, inc.    firstenergy corporation centerpoint energy inc.               nextera energy, inc.
consolidated edison inc.              pinnacle west capital corporation dominion energy                       public service enterprise group, inc.
dte energy company                    southern company duke energy corporation               xcel energy, inc.
edison international
* el paso electric co. is no longer included in the philadelphia utility index.
2020 compensation decisions base salary when setting the base salaries of the neos who are members of the oce, the personnel committee generally targets the range of compensation paid to similarly situated executive officers of the companies included in the market data previously discussed in this compensation discussion and analysis under "competitive positioning." for the other neos, their salaries are established by their immediate supervisors using the same criteria. the base salaries of the neos are considered annually as part of the performance review process, and upon a neo's promotion or other change in job responsibilities. based on this review in 2020 and after reviewing the market data above, all of the neos, other than mr. denault, received increases in their base salaries ranging from approximately 2.5%
to 6.15%. in 2020, mr. denault did not receive an increase in his base salary. instead, the
473
table of contents personnel committee increased m r. denault's tdc by increasing his long-term incentive target opportunities;
thereby, increasing the portion of his compensation that is "at risk" and further aligning his interests with those of entergy corporation's shareholders.
the following table sets forth the 2019 and 2020 base salaries for the named executive officers. changes in base salaries for 2020 were effective in april.
named executive officer       2019 base salary    2020 base salary a. christopher bakken, iii            $654,078            $673,700
marcus v. brown                       $666,250            $690,000
leo p. denault                      $1,260,000          $1,260,000
david d. ellis                        $313,388            $321,849
haley r. fisackerly                   $376,023            $388,244
laura r. landreaux                    $316,470            $326,755
andrew s. marsh                       $650,000            $690,000
phillip r. may, jr.                   $392,043            $404,784
sallie t. rainer                      $347,422            $358,713
roderick k. west                      $714,013            $731,863
annual incentive compensation in 2020, annual incentive awards were tied to entergy corporation's financial and operational performance through the eam. entergy corporation uses the following process to determine annual incentive awards:
 establish performance measures to determine eam pool. annually, the personnel committee engages in a rigorous process to determine the performance measures used to determine the eam. the personnel committee's goal is to establish measures that are consistent with entergy corporation's strategy and business objectives for the upcoming year, as reflected in its strategic plan, and are designed to drive results that represent a high level of achievement. these measures are approved based on a comprehensive review of entergy corporation's strategic plan by its full board of directors conducted in december of the preceding year and updated in january to reflect key drivers of anticipated changes in performance from the preceding year.
 establish target achievement levels. in january, after entergy corporation's strategic plan is updated to reflect any changes from that reviewed in december, the personnel committee establishes the specific targets that must be achieved for each performance measure. the personnel committee also seeks to assure that the targets:
 take into account changes in the business environment and specific challenges facing entergy corporation;
 reflect an appropriate balancing of the various risks and opportunities recognized at the time the targets are set; and
 are aligned with external expectations communicated to entergy corporation's shareholders.
 establish neo target opportunities. in january of each year, the personnel committee establishes the target opportunities for the members of the oce based on its review of the competitive analysis of job-specific market data prepared by pay governance as well as the officer's role, individual performance and internal equity considerations. for the neos who are members of the oce (messrs. bakken, brown, denault, marsh and west), target award opportunities are established based on these factors. for the other neos, target award opportunities are determined based on their management level within the entergy organization. executive management levels at entergy corporation range from ml level 1 through ml level 4 (the "ml 1-4 officers"). at december 31, 2020, mr. may held a level 3 position, and mr. ellis,
474
table of contents mr. fisackerly, ms. landreaux and ms. rainer held level 4 positions. accordingly, their respective incentive award opportunities differ from one another based on either their management level or the external market data developed by the committee's independent compensation consultant. the 2020 target opportunities were increased for mr.
bakken, mr. brown, mr. marsh and mr. west to align more closely with market data and internal pay equity. mr.
denault's 2020 target opportunity was unchanged from the level set in 2019 due to the personnel committee's decision to increase his tdc by increasing his long-term incentive target opportunities. the target levels for the other neos are comparable to the levels set for 2019.
 determine the eam. in january, after the end of the fiscal year, the finance and personnel committees jointly review entergy corporation's financial results and the personnel committee determines the eam, which represents the level of success in achieving the performance objectives established by the committee and determines the maximum funding level of the annual incentive plan, as a percentage of the total target opportunity.
 determine annual incentive awards. to determine individual executive officer awards under the annual incentive plan, the personnel committee considers not only each executive's role in executing on entergy corporation's strategies and delivering the financial performance achieved, but also the individual's accountability for any challenges entergy corporation experienced during the year.
establishing 2020 financial measures and targets using the process described above, in december 2019, the personnel committee decided to use etr tax adjusted eps and etr adjusted ocf, with each measure weighted equally, as the performance measures for determining the 2020 eam pool. etr tax adjusted eps is based on etr adjusted eps, which is the primary earnings measure used by entergy corporation externally and the measure on which it provides annual earnings guidance. to arrive at etr tax adjusted eps, etr adjusted eps is adjusted to add back the effect of any significant tax items that were excluded to arrive at etr adjusted eps and to eliminate the effects, if any, of the pre-determined exclusions. etr adjusted ocf is calculated based on entergy corporation's as-reported (gaap) operating cash flow, adjusted to eliminate the effect of any significant non-routine items not representative of the ongoing business, such as items associated with the decisions to sell or close the entergy wholesale commodities nuclear plants, and any pre-determined exclusions. the personnel committee determined that etr tax adjusted eps and etr adjusted ocf were the appropriate metrics to use for annual incentives in 2020 because:
 they are based on objective financial measures that entergy corporation and its investors consider to be important in evaluating its financial performance;
 they are based on the same metrics we use for internal and external financial reporting; and
 they provide both discipline and transparency.
the personnel committee considered it appropriate to use etr tax adjusted eps, which adds back the effect of significant tax items that may have been excluded from etr adjusted eps, as the earnings measure because of the significant financial benefits to entergy corporation resulting from such tax items and the management effort required to achieve them. the personnel committee also considered the appropriateness of excluding the effect of each of the specific pre-determined exclusions it had identified from each of the financial measures. it viewed the exclusion of major storms as appropriate because although entergy corporation includes estimates for storm costs in its financial plan, it does not include estimates for a major storm event, such as a hurricane. the personnel committee considered the exclusion of any unanticipated effects of the tax reform legislation adopted at the end of
2017 to be appropriate because of the lingering uncertainty around those effects and the inability of management to impact those results. the personnel committee approved the other exclusions from reported results - for the impact of certain legacy unresolved regulatory litigation and unanticipated unrealized gains and losses on securities held by entergy corporation's nuclear decommissioning trusts - primarily because of management's inability to influence either of the related outcomes. the personnel committee further provided that in determining the 2020 eam, the 2020
results would be subject to adjustment for other items the committee may consider appropriate in its review of 2020
performance, considering management accountability and business
475
table of contents rationale, and the eam as so calculated would be subject to further adjustment at the committee's discretion based on business considerations.
in determining the targets to set for 2020, the personnel committee reviewed anticipated drivers and risks to entergy corporation's expectations for its adjusted earnings and operating cash flow for 2020 as set forth in its financial plan, as well as factors driving the strong financial performance achieved in 2019. the personnel committee confirmed that the proposed plan targets for etr tax adjusted eps and etr adjusted ocf reflected significant growth in the core earnings and consolidated operating cash flow measures underlying the annual incentive plan targets. the personnel committee also noted that while the 2020 etr tax adjusted eps target was less than the 2019 results, the 2020 target represented significant growth in the underlying etr adjusted eps both from
2019 results and from the 2019 target, with the primary driver of the higher results in 2019 being certain one-time tax benefits that would not be recurring in 2020. the personnel committee also considered the potential impact of a wide range of identified risks and opportunities and confirmed that the related annual incentive plan targets reflected a reasonable balancing of such risks and opportunities and an appropriate degree of challenge.
2020 performance assessment the following table shows the 2020 annual incentive plan performance metrics and targets established by the personnel committee to determine the 2020 eam and 2020 results:
annual incentive plan targets and results performance goals(1)
weight                 minimum    target    maximum    2020 results etr tax adjusted eps ($)         50%                       5.04      5.60       6.16            6.90
etr adjusted ocf ($ billions)    50%                      3.070     3.450      3.830           3.127
eam as % of target                                          25%      100%       200%            120%
(1) payouts for performance between achievement levels are calculated using straight-line interpolation, with no payout for performance below the minimum achievement level for both performance measures.
in january 2021, the finance and personnel committees jointly reviewed entergy corporation's financial results against the performance objectives reflected in the table above. management discussed with the committees entergy corporation's etr tax adjusted eps and the etr adjusted ocf results for 2020, including primary factors explaining how those results compared to the 2020 business plan and annual incentive plan targets set in january 2020. etr tax adjusted eps exceeded the etr tax adjusted eps target of $5.60 per share by $1.30, but management fell short of achieving its etr adjusted ocf target of $3.45 billion by approximately $323 million, leading to a preliminary eam of 118%. these results reflected a positive adjustment of $0.10 to etr tax adjusted eps and a positive adjustment of $274 million to etr adjusted ocf for the effects on earnings and operational cash flow of major storms impacting entergy corporation's service area during 2020, consistent with the pre-determined exclusions approved when the targets were set at the beginning of the year. the results also reflected a positive adjustment of $100 million to etr adjusted ocf for the effect on operational cash flow of additional voluntary contributions made to entergy corporation's pension plan in 2020 over and above the required level of contributions, which adjustment was made because the committee did not consider it appropriate for management to be penalized in the incentive compensation process for choosing to make such elective contributions, consistent with the pre-determined exclusion for items the committee determined should be excluded based on management accountability and business rationale.
the personnel committee considered whether 2020 etr tax adjusted eps or etr adjusted ocf should be adjusted for any other factors that had impacted 2020 results. the committee noted that 2020 revenues and cash flow had been adversely impacted by reduced sales resulting from unfavorable weather, the covid-19 pandemic and, to a lesser extent, major storms, which collectively reduced etr adjusted eps by approximately $0.71 per share, and etr adjusted ocf by approximately $663 million as compared to plan. in addition, the personnel committee noted that etr adjusted ocf had been further reduced by approximately $178 million due to increased customer arrearages as a result of regulatory moratoria on customer disconnects following the onset of the pandemic. as noted, both etr tax adjusted eps and etr adjusted ocf were adjusted to reflect the impact of
476
table of contents major storms as a pre-determined exclusion. however, the committee decided not to adjust the results to reflect the impact of the covid-19 pandemic, the disconnect moratoria or the unfavorable weather experienced in 2020.
in addition to the foregoing financial results, the personnel committee considered management's degree of success in achieving various operational and regulatory goals set out at the beginning of the year and in overcoming certain challenges that arose in the business during the course of the year. the committee took note of not only the many ways management had created value for all entergy corporation's key stakeholders during 2020, but also the major challenges that were overcome in the process, including the covid-19 pandemic and the challenges of responding to three hurricanes in a record-breaking storm season for the gulf coast. the committee also noted that despite these challenges, management had remained focused on achieving strong financial results for the benefit of all of its stakeholders while at the same time driving positive outcomes in certain areas that would contribute to entergy corporation's long term sustainability, including particularly the achievement of its 2020 co 2 emissions goal, development and announcement of its goal to achieve net zero carbon emissions by 2050, and significant enhancements to its sustainability disclosure and reporting, and substantial progress in other important esg and sustainability efforts. in recognition of these accomplishments, which the committee considers to be critical to entergy corporation's long-term success, the committee exercised its discretion to increase the eam by 2% to 120%.
to determine individual neo annual incentive awards for the neos who are member of the oce, the personnel committee considered individual performance in executing on entergy corporation's strategies and delivering the strong financial performance achieved in 2020. in addition, the personnel committee considered the individual's key accountabilities and accomplishments in relation to certain operational and regulatory challenges entergy corporation experienced during the year. with these considerations in mind, the personnel committee approved payouts ranging from 115% to 120% of target for each of the neos who are members of the oce.
after the eam was established to determine overall funding for the annual incentive awards, entergy corporation's chief executive officer allocated incentive award funding to individual business units based on business unit results. individual awards were determined for the remaining neos who are not members of the oce by their immediate supervisor based on the individual officer's key accountabilities, accomplishments, and performance. this resulted in payouts that ranged from 117% of target to 150% of target for the neos who are not members of the oce.
based on the foregoing evaluation of management performance, the named executive officers received the following annual incentive payouts for 2020:
named executive           base salary    target as percentage of    payout as percentage of         2020 annual officer                                  base salary                target                      incentive award a. christopher bakken,       $673,700    75%                        115%                               $581,066
iii marcus v. brown              $690,000    80%                        120%                               $662,400
leo p. denault             $1,260,000    140%                       120%                             $2,116,800
david d. ellis               $321,849    40%                        128%                               $164,955
haley r. fisackerly          $388,244    40%                        150%                               $232,737
laura r. landreaux           $326,755    40%                        128%                               $167,153
andrew s. marsh              $690,000    85%                        120%                               $703,800
phillip r. may, jr.          $404,784    60%                        117%                               $284,881
sallie t. rainer             $358,713    40%                        122%                               $175,713
roderick k. west             $731,863    80%                        115%                               $673,314
477
table of contents long-term incentive compensation overview long-term incentive compensation, consisting solely of equity awards in 2020, represents the largest portion of executive officer compensation, and as noted earlier, the increase in mr. denault's tdc opportunity was delivered in the form of long-term incentive compensation. entergy corporation believes the combination of long-term incentives it employs provides a compelling performance-based compensation opportunity, acts in retaining the senior management team, and aligns the interests of entergy corporation's executive officers with the interests of its shareholders and customers by enhancing executives focus on entergy corporation's long-term goals. in general, entergy corporation seeks to allocate the total value of long-term incentive compensation 60% to performance units and 40% to a combination of stock options and restricted stock, equally divided in value, based on the value the compensation model seeks to deliver.
for each neo who is a member of the oce, a dollar value is established to determine that neo's long-term incentive awards target. the targeted award value for each neo is determined based on market median compensation data for the officer's role, adjusted to reflect individual performance and internal equity. in january 2020, the personnel committee approved the 2020 long-term incentive award target amounts for each neo with each neo's target amount increasing in recognition of the contributions made to entergy corporation in 2019. this target amount was then converted into the number of performance units, stock options and shares of restricted stock granted to each neo based on the allocation described above.
in consultation with entergy corporation's chief executive officer, the personnel committee reviews each of the other neo's performance, role and responsibilities, strengths, developmental opportunities and internal equity and allocates awards of restricted stock and stock options to each of these officers based on these factors. grants of long-term performance units for these neos were determined based on the average of the market data for the officers within a specific management level, without regard to the officer's specific job function, and allocated as described above.
2020 long-term incentive award mix long-term performance unit program the neos are issued performance unit awards under the ltip.
 each performance unit represents one share of entergy corporation's common stock at the end of the three-year performance period, plus dividends accrued during the performance period.
 the performance units and accrued dividends on any shares earned during the performance period are settled in shares of entergy corporation common stock.
 the personnel committee sets payout opportunities for the program at the outset of each performance period.
 no payout under this program will be made if relative tsr for the performance period falls within the lowest quartile of the peer companies in the philadelphia utility index and cumulative etr adjusted eps is below the minimum performance goal.
 all shares paid out under the ltip are required to be retained by entergy corporation's officers until applicable executive stock ownership requirements are met.
the ltip specifies a minimum, target and maximum achievement level, the achievement of which will determine the number of performance units that may be earned by each participant. for the 2020 - 2022 ltip performance period, the personnel committee chose the performance measures and targets set forth below.
478

2020-2022 ltip unit program period: measures and goals (1)
performance measures(1)        ltip              payout measure weight minimum (25%) - bottom of 3rdquartile relative tsr                   80%               target (100%) - median percentile maximum (200%) - top quartile minimum (25%) - $16.07
cumulative etr adjusted eps    20%               target (100%) - $17.85
maximum (200%) - $19.63
(1) payouts for performance between achievement levels are calculated using straight-line interpolation, with no payouts for performance below the minimum achievement level for both performance measures.
performance measures relative tsr
 the personnel committee chose relative tsr as a performance measure because it reflects entergy corporation's creation of shareholder value relative to other electric utilities included in the philadelphia utility index over the performance period. by measuring performance in relation to an industry benchmark, this measure is intended to isolate and reward management for the creation of shareholder value that is not driven by events that affect the industry as a whole.
 minimum, target and maximum performance levels are determined by reference to the ranking of entergy corporation's tsr in relation to the tsr of the companies in the philadelphia utility index. the personnel committee identified the philadelphia utility index as the appropriate industry peer group for determining relative tsr because the companies included in this index, in the aggregate, are deemed to be comparable to entergy corporation in terms of business and scale.
cumulative etr adjusted eps
 cumulative etr adjusted eps, which adjusts entergy corporation's as reported (gaap) results to eliminate the impact of earnings or loss from entergy wholesale commodities and other non-routine items, was selected in 2020 as a performance measure because the personnel committee wished to incentivize management to achieve steady, predictable earnings growth for entergy corporation over the 3 year performance period, and because it aligns with the earnings measure used to communicate entergy corporation's earnings expectations externally to investors.
 in a manner similar to the way targets are established for the annual incentives, targets for the cumulative etr adjusted eps performance measure were established by the personnel committee after the entergy corporation board's review of entergy's strategic plan for the three-year period beginning in 2020 and are consistent with the earnings expectations for entergy corporation that are communicated to investors. these targets also incorporate the pre-
determined exclusions discussed previously with respect to the annual incentive measures.
stock options and restricted stock entergy corporation grants stock options and shares of restricted stock because they align the interests of the executive officers with long-term shareholder value, provide competitive compensation, and increase the executives'
ownership in entergy corporation common stock. generally, stock options are granted with a maximum term of ten years, and vest one-third on each of the first three anniversaries of the date of grant. the exercise price for each option granted in 2020 was $131.72, which was the closing price of entergy corporation's common stock on the date of grant. shares of restricted stock vest one-third on each of the first three anniversaries
479
table of contents of the date of grant, are paid dividends which are reinvested in shares of entergy corporation common stock and have full voting rights. the dividend reinvestment shares are subject to forfeiture similar to the terms of the original grant.
2020 long-term incentive awards in january 2020, the personnel committee granted the following long-term performance units, stock options and shares of restricted stock to each neo. the number of long-term performance units, stock options and shares of restricted stock were determined as discussed above under "long-term incentive compensation - overview."
named executive officer               2020-2022    stock options           shares of target ltip units                     restricted stock a. christopher bakken, iii                7,758           29,279               3,104
marcus v. brown                           7,571           28,574               3,029
leo p. denault                           31,263          117,990              12,505
david d. ellis                              950            3,200                 500
haley r. fisackerly                         950            4,300                 750
laura r. landreaux                          950            4,300                 750
andrew s. marsh                           9,560           36,079               3,824
phillip r. may, jr.                       1,400            7,300               1,100
sallie t. rainer                            950            4,300                 750
roderick k. west                          8,401           31,705               3,361
all of the performance units, shares of restricted stock and stock options granted to the neos in 2020 were granted pursuant to the 2019 omnibus incentive plan or 2019 oip. the 2019 oip requires both a change in control and an involuntary job loss without cause or a resignation by the neo for good reason within 24 months following a change in control (a "double trigger") for the acceleration of these awards upon a change in control.
2020 ltip payouts payout for the 2018 - 2020 ltip performance period . in january 2018, the personnel committee chose relative tsr and cumulative adjusted up&o eps as the performance measures, each weighted equally, for the 2018 - 2020 ltip performance period. cumulative adjusted up&o eps, which adjusted entergy corporation's operational utility, parent
& other results to eliminate the impact of tax items and weather (the "up&o adjustments"), was added as a performance measure because it aligned with entergy corporation's externally communicated earnings measure on its core utility business and was the primary measure on which entergy corporation communicated its long term earnings outlooks in 2018. similar to the way targets are established for the annual incentive program, targets for the cumulative adjusted up&o eps performance measure were established by the personnel committee after the entergy corporation board's review of entergy corporation's strategic plan. these targets also exclude the pre-determined exclusions discussed previously with respect to the annual incentive measures, as well as the up&o adjustments. the payout was determined based on the achievement of the following performance goals established for both performance measures by the committee at the beginning of the performance period:
480

2018-2020 ltip performance period measures and goals performance measure(1)              ltip              payout measure weight minimum (25%) - bottom of 3rdquartile relative tsr                        50%               target (100%) - median percentile maximum (200%) - top quartile minimum (25%) - $13.68
cumulative adjusted up&o eps ($)    50%               target (100%) - $15.20
maximum (200%) - $16.72
(1) payouts for performance between achievement levels are calculated using straight-line interpolation, with no payouts for performance below the minimum achievement level.
in january 2021, the personnel committee reviewed entergy corporation's tsr and the cumulative adjusted up&o eps for the 2018 - 2020 ltip performance period in order to determine the payout to participants based upon the performance measures and range of potential payouts for the 2018 - 2020 ltip performance period as provided above.
the committee compared entergy corporation's tsr against the tsr of the companies that were included in the philadelphia utility index throughout the three year performance period, which were:
aes corporation                       edison international ameren corporation                    eversource energy american electric power co. inc.      exelon corporation american water works company, inc.    firstenergy corporation centerpoint energy inc.               nextera energy, inc.
consolidated edison inc.              pg&e corporation dominion energy                       public service enterprise group, inc.
dte energy company                    southern company duke energy corporation               xcel energy, inc.
as recommended by the finance committee, the personnel committee concluded that entergy corporation's relative tsr for the 2018 - 2020 performance period was in the second quartile, and that cumulative adjusted up&o eps was
$15.25, yielding a payout of 126% of target for the neos.
named executive        2018-2020 target        number of shares         value of shares         grant date fair officer                                               issued(1)      actually issued(2)                value(3)
a. christopher                    7,900                  11,048              $1,050,886                $651,079
bakken, iii marcus v. brown                   7,900                  11,048              $1,050,886                $651,079
leo p. denault                   42,700                  59,718              $5,680,376              $3,519,121
david d. ellis(4)                 1,100                   1,488                $141,539                 $90,657
haley r. fisackerly               1,650                   2,307                $219,442                $135,985
laura r.                          1,375                   1,892                $179,967                $113,321
landreaux(5)
andrew s. marsh                   7,900                  11,048              $1,050,886                $651,079
phillip r. may, jr.               2,550                   3,566                $339,198                $210,158
sallie t. rainer                  1,650                   2,307                $219,442                $135,985
roderick k. west                  7,900                  11,048              $1,050,886                $651,079
(1) includes accrued dividends.
(2) value determined based on the closing price of entergy corporation common stock on january 19, 2021 ($95.12), the date the personnel committee certified the 2018-2020 performance period results.
(3) represents the aggregate grant date fair value calculated in accordance with applicable accounting rules as reflected in the 2018 summary compensation table.
481

(4) as a new hire in 2018, mr. ellis received a pro-rata target award opportunity for the 2018 - 2020 performance period.
(5) as a new officer in 2018, ms. landreaux received a pro-rata target award opportunity for the 2018 - 2020
performance period.
benefits and perquisites entergy corporation's neos are eligible to participate in or receive the following benefits:
description entergy corporation-sponsored:
entergy retirement plan- a tax-qualified final average pay defined benefit pension plan that covers a broad group of employees hired before july 1, 2014.
cash balance plan- a tax-qualified cash balance defined benefit pension plan that covers a broad group of employees hired on or after july 1, 2014 and before january 1, 2021.
pension equalization plan- a non-qualified pension restoration plan for a select group of management or highly compensated employees who participate in the entergy retirement plan.
cash balance equalization plan- a non-qualified restoration plan for a select group of management or highly compensated employees who participate in the cash balance plan.
plan type                    system executive retirement plan- a non-qualified supplemental retirement plan for retirement plans             individuals who became executive officers before july 1, 2014.

savings plan                 entergy corporation-sponsored 401(k) savings plan that covers a broad group of employees.
medical, dental and vision coverage, health care and dependent care reimbursement plans, life and accidental death and dismemberment insurance, business travel health & welfare benefits    accident insurance, and long-term disability insurance.
eligibility, coverage levels, potential employee contributions, and other plan design features are the same for the neos as for the broad employee population.
corporate aircraft usage and annual mandatory physical exams.  the neos who are members of the oce do not receive tax gross ups on any benefits, except for relocation assistance.
2020 perquisites             in 2020, the neos who are not members of the oce also were provided in 2020 with club dues and tax gross up payments on this perquisite.
for additional information regarding perquisites, see the "all other compensation"
column in the 2020 summary compensation table.
the neos are eligible to defer up to 100% of their base salary and annual deferred compensation        incentive  awards into the entergy corporation sponsored executive deferred compensation plan.
eligible individuals who become disabled under the terms of the plan are eligible executive disability plan    for 65% of the difference between their annual base salary and $276,923 (i.e. the annual base salary that produces the maximum $15,000 monthly disability payment under the general long-term disability plan).
entergy corporation provides these benefits to the neos as part of its effort to provide a competitive executive compensation program and because it believes that these benefits are important retention and recruitment tools since many of the companies with which it competes for executive talent provide similar arrangements to their senior executive officers.
482
table of contents severance and retention arrangements the personnel committee believes that retention and transitional compensation arrangements are an important part of overall compensation as they help to secure the continued employment and dedication of the neos, notwithstanding any concern that they might have at the time of a change in control regarding their own continued employment. in addition, the personnel committee believes that these arrangements are important as recruitment and retention devices, as many of the companies with which entergy corporation competes for executive talent have similar arrangements in place for their senior employees.
to achieve these objectives, entergy corporation has established a system executive continuity plan under which ml
1-4 officers are entitled to receive "change in control" payments and benefits if such officer's employment is involuntarily terminated without cause or if the officer resigns for good reason, in each case, in connection with a change in control of entergy corporation and its subsidiaries. entergy corporation strives to ensure that the benefits and payment levels under the system executive continuity plan are consistent with market practices.
entergy corporation's executive officers, including the neos, are not entitled to any tax gross up payments on any severance benefits received under this plan. for more information regarding the system executive continuity plan, see "2020 potential payments upon termination or change in control."
nuclear retention plan mr. bakken participates in the nuclear retention plan, a retention plan for officers and other leaders with expertise in the nuclear industry. the personnel committee authorized this plan to attract and retain key management and employee talent in the nuclear power field, a field that requires unique technical and other expertise that is in great demand in the utility industry. the plan provides for bonuses to be paid annually over a three-year service period with the bonus opportunity dependent on the participant's management level and continued employment. each annual payment is equal to an amount ranging from 15% to 30% of the employee's base salary as of their date of enrollment in the plan.
in recognition of the value entergy corporation places on mr. bakken as a member of its senior management team and his extensive experience in the nuclear industry, and to keep his pay competitive, in may 2019, mr. bakken's participation in the plan was renewed for another three-year period beginning on may 1, 2019. in accordance with the terms and conditions of the nuclear retention plan, in may 2020 mr. bakken received, and in may 2021 and 2022, mr. bakken will receive a cash bonus equal to 30% of $654,078, his base salary as of may 1, 2019. the three-year period covered and percentage of base salary paid to mr. bakken under the plan are consistent with the terms of participation of other senior executive officers who participate in this plan.
risk mitigation and other pay practices entergy corporation strives to ensure that its compensation philosophy and practices are in line with the best practices of companies in its industry as well as other companies in the s&p 500. some of these practices include the following:
clawback provisions entergy corporation has adopted a clawback policy that covers all individuals subject to section 16 of the exchange act, including all of the neos. under the policy, which goes beyond the requirements of sarbanes-oxley act of 2002
(sarbanes-oxley), incentives paid to covered executive officers are required to be reimbursed where:
 (i) the payment was predicated upon the achievement of certain financial results with respect to the applicable performance period that were subsequently determined to be the subject of a material restatement other than a restatement due to changes in accounting policy; or (ii) a material miscalculation of a performance award occurs, whether or not the financial statements were restated and, in either such case, a lower payment would have been made to the executive officer based upon the restated financial results or correct calculation; or
483

 in the board of directors' view, the executive officer engaged in fraud that caused or partially caused the need for a restatement or caused a material miscalculation of a performance award, in each case, whether or not the financial statements were restated.
the amount required to be reimbursed is equal to the excess of the gross incentive payment made over the gross payment that would have been made if the original payment had been determined based on the restated financial results or correct calculation. in addition, entergy corporation will seek to recover any compensation received by its chief executive officer and chief financial officer that is required to be reimbursed under sarbanes-oxley following a material restatement of entergy corporation's financial statements.
stock ownership guidelines and share retention requirements for many years, entergy corporation has had stock ownership guidelines for executives, including the neos. these guidelines are designed to align the executives' long-term financial interests with the interests of entergy corporation's shareholders. annually, the personnel committee monitors the executive officers' compliance with these guidelines with all of the neos satisfying the applicable ownership guidelines at that time. the ownership guidelines are as follows:
the ownership guidelines are as follows:
role                                value of common stock to be owned chief executive officer (ml-1)      6 x base salary executive vice presidents (ml-2)    3 x base salary senior vice presidents (ml-3)       2 x base salary vice presidents (ml-4)              1 x base salary further, to facilitate compliance with the guidelines, until an executive officer satisfies the stock ownership guidelines, the officer must retain:
 all net after-tax shares paid out under the ltip;
 all net after-tax shares of the restricted stock and restricted stock units received upon vesting; and
 at least 75% of the after-tax net shares received upon the exercise of entergy corporation stock options.
trading controls executive officers, including the neos, are required to receive permission from entergy corporation's general counsel or his designee prior to entering into any transaction involving entergy corporation securities, including gifts, other than the exercise of employee stock options. trading is generally permitted only during specified open trading windows beginning shortly after the release of earnings. employees, who are subject to trading restrictions, including the neos, may enter into trading plans under rule 10b5-1 of the exchange act, but these trading plans may be entered into only during an open trading window and must be approved by entergy corporation. a neo bears full responsibility if he or she violates entergy corporation's policy by buying or selling shares of entergy corporation stock without pre-approval or when trading is restricted.
entergy corporation also prohibits directors and executive officers, including the neos, from pledging any entergy corporation securities or entering into margin accounts involving entergy corporation securities. entergy corporation prohibits these transactions because of the potential that sales of entergy corporation securities could occur outside trading periods and without the required approval of the general counsel.
entergy corporation also has adopted an anti-hedging policy that prohibits officers, directors, and employees from entering into hedging or monetization transactions involving entergy corporation's common stock. prohibited transactions include, without limitation, zero-cost collars, forward sale contracts, purchase or sale of options, puts, calls, straddles or equity swaps or other derivatives that are directly linked to entergy corporation's stock or transactions involving "short-sales" of its common stock.
484
table of contents compensation consultant independence annually, the personnel committee reviews the relationship with its compensation consultant to determine whether any conflicts of interest exist that would prevent pay governance from independently advising the personnel committee. factors considered by the committee when assessing the independence of its compensation consultant included, among others :
 pay governance has policies in place to prevent conflicts of interest;
 no member of pay governance's consulting team serving the committee has a business relationship with any member of the committee or any of entergy corporation's executive officers;
 neither pay governance nor any of its principals own any shares of entergy corporation's common stock; and
 the amount of fees paid to pay governance is less than 1% of pay governance's total consulting income.
based on these factors, the personnel committee concluded that pay governance is independent in accordance with sec and nyse rules and that no conflicts of interest exist that would prevent pay governance from independently advising the committee.
in addition, pay governance has agreed that it will not accept any engagement with management without prior approval from the personnel committee, and entergy corporation's board has adopted a policy that prohibits a compensation consultant from providing other services to it if the aggregate amount for those services would exceed
$120,000 in any year. during 2020, pay governance did not provide any services to entergy corporation other than the services it performed on behalf of the personnel and corporate governance committees, and it worked with entergy corporation's management only as directed by the committees.
personnel committee report the personnel committee report included in the entergy corporation proxy statement is incorporated by reference, but will not be deemed to be "filed" in this annual report on form 10-k. none of the registrant subsidiaries has a compensation committee or other board committee performing equivalent functions. the board of directors of each of the registrant subsidiaries is comprised of individuals who are officers or employees of entergy corporation or one of the registrant subsidiaries. these boards do not make determinations regarding the compensation paid to executive officers of the registrant subsidiaries.
485
table of contents executive compensation tables
2020 summary compensation tables the following table summarizes the total compensation paid or earned by each of the neos for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2020, and to the extent required by sec executive compensation disclosure rules, the fiscal years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018. for information on the principal positions held by each of the neos, see item 10,
"directors, executive officers, and corporate governance of the registrants."
the compensation set forth in the table represents the aggregate compensation paid by all entergy system companies.
for additional information regarding the material terms of the awards reported in the following tables, including a general description of the formula or criteria to be applied in determining the amounts payable, see "compensation discussion and analysis."
(a)         -b         -c         -d         -e         -f         -g        -h         -i        -j         -k change in                           total name                                                          non-eq...    pensi...                         without and                                       stock     option    incent...     value        all               change princ...    year     salary      bonus     awards     awards       plan       and      other     total         in posit...                (2)        (3)        (4)        (5)    compen...    non-q...    compen...              pension
(1)                                                               (6)    defer...        (8)                value compe...                             (9)
earni...
(7)
a.
chris...    2020    $693,8...    $196,2...    $1,666...    $335,2...    $581,0...    $115,...    $85,846    $3,67...    $3,558...
bakke...
iii execu...
vice      2019    $649,5...    $181,5...    $1,273...    $303,0...    $618,1...    $98,5...    $62,407    $3,18...    $3,087...
presi...
and chief nucle...
offic...    2018    $632,9...    $181,5...    $1,041...    $283,0...    $544,9...    $108,...    $452,0...    $3,24...    $3,136...
of enter...
corp.
marcus v.        2020    $709,6...         $-    $1,626...    $327,1...    $662,4...    $1,74...    $78,631    $5,15...    $3,404...
brown execu...
vice      2019    $661,5...         $-    $1,248...    $297,1...    $684,5...    $1,45...    $69,955    $4,41...    $2,962...
presi...
and gener...
couns...
of        2018    $644,2...         $-    $1,041...    $283,0...    $546,0...    $371,...    $61,885    $2,94...    $2,576...
enter...
corp.
leo p.    2020    $1,308...         $-    $6,716...    $1,350...    $2,116...    $4,41...    $289,6...    $16,1...    $11,78...
denau...
chair...    2019    $1,260...         $-    $5,391...    $1,282...    $2,416...    $3,70...    $208,8...    $14,2...    $10,55...
of the board and       2018    $1,251...         $-    $4,744...    $1,168...    $2,041...    $982,...    $138,1...    $10,3...    $9,343...
ceo -
enter...
corp.
david d.        2020    $331,8...         $-    $219,8...    $36,640    $164,9...    $32,2...    $19,323    $804,...    $772,6...
ellis ceo -     2019    $311,0...         $-    $188,8...    $39,104    $159,8...    $18,0...    $15,267    $732,...    $714,0...
enter...
new       2018     $7,258    $200,0...         $-         $-         $-      $600    $35,308    $243,...    $242,5...
orlea...
haley r.        2020    $384,8...         $-    $252,8...    $49,235    $232,7...    $836,...    $48,101    $1,80...    $967,7...
fisac...
ceo -     2019    $373,3...         $-    $197,7...    $51,584    $274,5...    $644,...    $37,897    $1,57...    $935,1...
enter...
missi...    2018    $363,0...         $-    $198,4...    $46,134    $172,0...        $-    $35,982    $815,...    $815,6...
laura r.        2020    $323,9...         $-    $252,8...    $49,235    $167,1...    $330,...    $26,698    $1,15...    $819,8...
landr...
ceo -     2019    $314,4...         $-    $188,8...    $42,432    $263,5...    $228,...    $26,536    $1,06...    $835,7...
enter...
arkan...    2018    $246,1...         $-    $273,0...         $-    $124,0...    $21,5...    $10,741    $675,...    $653,9...
486

(a)         -b         -c    -d            -e         -f         -g         -h         -i         -j         -k change in                            total name                                                        non-eq...    pension                          without and                                     stock     option    incent...      value        all                change princ...    year     salary    bonus     awards     awards       plan        and      other      total         in posit...                (2)    (3)          (4)        (5)    compen...    non-qu...    compen...               pension
(1)                                                             (6)    deferr...        (8)                 value compen...                              (9)
earnin...
(7)
andrew s.        2020    $704,6...    $-       $2,053...    $413,1...    $703,8...    $2,054...    $77,741    $6,007...    $3,953...
marsh execu...    2019    $641,9...    $-       $1,579...    $375,9...    $712,4...    $1,554...    $69,863    $4,934...    $3,379...
vice presi...
and       2018    $615,6...    $-       $1,057...    $342,5...    $531,1...         $-    $57,638    $2,604...    $2,604...
cfo -
enter...
corp., enter...
arkan...
enter...
louis...
enter...
missi...
enter...
new orlea...
enter...
texas phill...
r.        2020    $416,6...    $-       $371,8...    $83,585    $284,8...    $1,072...    $28,836    $2,257...    $1,185...
may, jr.
ceo -     2019    $389,0...    $-       $294,1...    $77,376    $407,9...    $877,1...    $28,297    $2,073...    $1,196...
enter...
louis...    2018    $377,1...    $-       $288,2...    $69,201    $270,0...         $-    $26,874    $1,031...    $1,031...
sallie t.        2020    $369,1...    $-       $252,8...    $49,235    $175,7...    $663,1...    $33,383    $1,543...    $880,2...
rainer ceo -     2019    $344,7...    $-       $197,7...    $51,584    $219,0...    $617,2...    $37,361    $1,467...    $850,5...
enter...
texas     2018    $335,2...    $-       $198,4...    $46,134    $159,0...         $-    $35,379    $774,2...    $774,2...
roder...
k.        2020    $754,7...    $-       $1,804...    $363,0...    $673,3...    $1,976...    $59,730    $5,632...    $3,655...
west group     2019    $709,0...    $-       $1,340...    $319,0...    $674,7...    $1,604...    $67,191    $4,714...    $3,110...
presi...
utili...
opera...    2018    $690,5...    $-       $1,057...    $297,0...    $560,7...         $-    $67,234    $2,672...    $2,672...
of enter...
corp.
(1) mr. ellis was named chief executive officer, entergy new orleans in december 2018, and ms. landreaux was named chief executive officer, entergy arkansas in july 2018.
(2) the amounts in column (c) represent the actual base salary paid to the neos in the applicable year. the 2020
base salary amounts include an amount attributable to an extra pay period that occurred in 2020 as the neos are paid on a bi-weekly basis. the 2020 changes in base salaries noted in the compensation discussion and analysis were effective in april 2020.
(3) the amount in column (d) in 2020, 2019, and 2018 for mr. bakken represents the cash bonus paid to him pursuant to the nuclear retention plan. see "nuclear retention plan" in compensation discussion and analysis. the amount in column (d) in 2018 for mr. ellis represents a cash sign-on bonus paid in connection with his commencement of employment with entergy new orleans.
(4) the amounts in column (e) represent the aggregate grant date fair value of restricted stock and performance units granted under the 2015 equity ownership plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries (the "2015 eop") and the
2019 oip (together with the 2015 eop, the "equity plans"), each calculated in accordance with fasb asc topic 718, without taking into account estimated forfeitures. the grant date fair value of the restricted stock is based on the closing price of entergy corporation common stock on the date of grant. the grant date fair value of the portion of the performance units with vesting based on the total shareholder return was measured using a monte carlo simulation valuation model. the simulation model applies a risk-free interest rate and an expected volatility assumption. the risk-free interest rate is assumed to equal the yield on a three-year treasury bond on the grant date. volatility is based on historical volatility for the 36-month period preceding the grant date. the performance units in the table are also valued based on the probable outcome of the applicable performance condition at the time of grant. the maximum value of shares that would be received if the highest achievement level is attained with respect to both the total shareholder return and cumulative etr adjusted eps, for performance units granted in 2020 are as follows: mr. bakken,
487

$2,043,768; mr. brown, $1,994,504; mr. denault, $8,235,925; mr. ellis, $250,268; mr. fisackerly, $250,268; ms.
landreaux $250,268; mr. marsh, $2,518,486; mr. may, $368,816; ms. rainer, $250,268; and mr. west, $2,213,159.
(5) the amounts in column (f) represent the aggregate grant date fair value of stock options granted under the equity plans calculated in accordance with fasb asc topic 718. for a discussion of the relevant assumptions used in valuing these awards, see note 12 to the financial statements.
(6) the amounts in column (g) represent annual incentive award cash payments made under the 2019 oip.
(7) for all neos, the amounts in column (h) include the annual actuarial increase in the present value of these neos' benefits under all pension plans established by entergy corporation using interest rate and mortality rate assumptions consistent with those used in entergy corporation's financial statements and include amounts which the neos may not currently be entitled to receive because such amounts are not vested (see "2020 pension benefits").
the increase in pension benefits for all of the neos in 2020 was driven by a decline in the discount rate that was a result of the decrease in prevailing interest rates. none of the increases for any of the neos is attributable to above-market or preferential earnings on non-qualified deferred compensation. for 2018, the aggregate change in the actuarial present value was a decrease of pension benefits of $52,000 for mr. fisackerly, $163,000 for mr. marsh,
$700 for mr. may, $110,700 for ms. rainer, and $149,300 for mr. west.
(8) the amounts in column (i) for 2020 include (a) matching contributions by entergy corporation under the savings plan to each of the neos; (b) dividends paid on restricted stock when vested; (c) life insurance premiums; (d) tax gross up payments on club dues; and (e) perquisites and other compensation as described further below. the amounts are listed in the following table:
named                 company        dividends                                          perquisites executive        contribution          paid on    life insurance     tax gross up         and other       total officer             - savings       restricted           premium         payments      compensation plan            stock a.
christopher           $17,100          $52,032           $12,415               $-            $4,299     $85,846
bakken, iii marcus v.             $11,970          $56,953            $7,482               $-            $2,226     $78,631
brown leo p.                $11,970         $173,952           $11,484               $-           $92,226    $289,632
denault david d.              $17,100             $658              $745               $-              $820     $19,323
ellis haley r.              $11,970           $8,305            $5,705           $7,939           $14,182     $48,101
fisackerly laura r.                   $-          $13,094              $493           $4,281            $8,829     $26,697
landreaux andrew s.             $11,970          $59,177            $6,594               $-                $-     $77,741
marsh phillip r.            $11,970          $10,902            $5,964               $-                $-     $28,836
may, jr.
sallie t.             $11,970           $8,564            $1,580           $2,836            $8,433     $33,383
rainer roderick k.           $11,970          $41,931            $4,002               $-            $1,827     $59,730
west
(9) in order to show the effect that the year-over-year change in pension value had on total compensation, as determined under applicable sec rules, we have included an additional column to show total compensation minus the change in pension value. the amounts reported in the total without change in pension value column may differ substantially from the amounts reported in the total column required under sec rules and are not a substitute for total compensation. total without change in pension value represents total compensation, as determined under applicable sec rules, minus the change in pension value reported in the change in pension value and nonqualified deferred compensation earnings column. the change in pension value is subject to many external variables, such as interest rates, assumptions about life expectancy and changes in the discount rate determined at each year end, which are functions of economic factors and actuarial calculations that are not related to entergy corporation's performance and are outside of the control of the personnel committee.
488
table of contents perquisites and other compensation the amounts set forth in column (i) also include perquisites and other personal benefits that entergy corporation provides to its neos as part of providing a competitive executive compensation program and for employee retention.
the following perquisites were provided to the neos in 2020.
named executive officer       personal use of corporate aircraft    club dues    executive physical exams a. christopher bakken, iii                                                       x marcus v. brown               x                                                  x leo p. denault                x                                                  x david d. ellis                x haley r. fisackerly                                                 x            x laura r. landreaux                                                  x andrew s. marsh                                                                  x phillip r. may, jr.
sallie t. rainer                                                    x roderick k. west                                                                 x for security and business reasons, entergy corporation's chief executive officer is permitted to use its corporate aircraft for personal use at the expense of entergy corporation. the other neos may use the corporate aircraft for personal travel subject to the approval of entergy corporation's chief executive officer. the personnel committee reviews the level of usage throughout the year. entergy corporation believes that its officers' ability to use its plane for limited personal use saves time and provides additional security for them, thereby benefiting entergy corporation. the amounts included in column (i) for the personal use of corporate aircraft, reflect the incremental cost to entergy corporation for use of the corporate aircraft, determined on the basis of the variable operational costs of each flight, including fuel, maintenance, flight crew travel expense, catering, communications, and fees, including flight planning, ground handling, and landing permits. the aggregate incremental aircraft usage cost associated with mr. denault's personal use of the corporate aircraft was $86,618 for fiscal year 2020. in addition, entergy corporation offers its executives comprehensive annual physical exams at entergy corporation's expense.
none of the other perquisites referenced above exceeded $25,000 for any of the other neos.
489

2020 grants of plan-based awards the following table summarizes award grants during 2020 to the neos.
est...                              es...
pos...                              fu...
pay...                              pa...
und...                              un...
non...                              eq...
inc...                              in...
plan                              pl...
awa...                              aw...
(...    -b     -c      -d           -e            -f      -g     -h      -i          -j    -k           -l all oth...         all                 gra...
sto...         ot...    exe...         date awa...         op...    or           fair gr...                                                            num...         aw...    base         val...
n...    da...    thr...    ta...          ma...          th...    tar...    ma...      of         nu...    pri...         of sha...          of    of           sto...
of         se...    opt...         and sto...         un...    awa...         opt...
or         op...                 awa...
uni...
-$      -$           -$            -#      -#     -#     -#)         -#)    -$/...         -$)
(3          (4                 (5
a.    1/...    $-           $50...         $1,...
c...
b...    1/...                                      1,...    7,7...    15...                                           $1...
i...
1/...                                                            3,1...                                   $4...
1/...                                                                         29...          $1...          $3...
m...    1/...    $-           $55...         $1,...
v.
b...    1/...                                      1,...    7,5...    15...                                           $1...
1/...                                                            3,0...                                   $3...
1/...                                                                         28...          $1...          $3...
l...    1/...    $-           $1,...         $3,...
p.
d...    1/...                                      7,...    31,...    62...                                           $5...
1/...                                                            12,...                                   $1...
1/...                                                                         11...          $1...          $1...
d...    1/...    $-           $12...         $25...
d.
e...    1/...                                      238     950    1,...                                           $1...
500                              $6...
3,...          $1...          $3...
h...    1/...    $-           $15...         $31...
r.
f...    1/...                                      238     950    1,...                                           $1...
1/...                                                             750                                   $9...
1/...                                                                         4,...          $1...          $4...
l...    1/...    $-           $13...         $26...
r.
l...    1/...                                      238     950    1,...                                           $1...
1/...                                                             750                                   $9...
4,...          $1...          $4...
a...    1/...    $-           $58...         $1,...
s.
m...    1/...                                      2,...    9,5...    19...                                           $1...
1/...                                                            3,8...                                   $5...
1/...                                                                         36...          $1...          $4...
490
table of contents est...                                est...
pos...                                fut...
pay...                                pay...
und...                                und...
non...                                equ...
inc...                                inc...
plan                                plan awa...                                awa...
(a)    -b      -c      -d            -e              -f      -g     -h      -i     -j    -k           -l all oth...    all                 gra...
sto...    ot...    exe...         date awa...    op...    or           fair gra...                                                               num...    aw...    base         val...
na...    date    thr...    tar...          max...          thr...    tar...    ma...      of    nu...    pri...         of sha...     of    of           sto...
of    se...    opt...         and sto...    un...    awa...         opt...
or    op...                 awa...
uni...
-$      -$            -$              -#      -#     -#     -#)    -#)    -$/...         -$)
(3     (4                 (5
ph...    1/3...    $-            $24...          $48...
r.
ma...    1/3...                                         350    1,4...    2,...                                      $2...
jr.
1/3...                                                               1,1...                              $1...
1/3...                                                                       7,...          $1...          $8...
sa...    1/3...    $-            $14...          $28...
t.
ra...    1/3...                                         238     950    1,...                                      $1...
1/3...                                                                750                              $9...
1/3...                                                                       4,...          $1...          $4...
ro...    1/3...    $-            $58...          $1,...
k.
we...    1/3...                                        2,1...    8,4...    16...                                      $1...
1/3...                                                               3,3...                              $4...
1/3...                                                                       31...          $1...          $3...
(1) the amounts in columns (c), (d), and (e) represent minimum, target, and maximum payment levels under the annual incentive program. the actual amounts awarded are reported in column (g) of the summary compensation table.
(2) the amounts in columns (f), (g), and (h) represent the minimum, target, and maximum payment levels under the ltip. performance under the program is measured by entergy corporation's total shareholder return relative to the total shareholder returns of the companies included in the philadelphia utility index and cumulative entergy adjusted eps with total shareholder return weighted eighty percent and cumulative entergy adjusted eps weighted twenty percent. there is no payout under the program if entergy corporation's total shareholder return falls within the lowest quartile of the peer companies in the philadelphia utility index and cumulative entergy adjusted eps is below the minimum performance goal. subject to the achievement of performance targets, each unit will be converted into one share of entergy corporation's common stock on the last day of the performance period (december 31, 2022).
accrued dividends on the shares earned will also be paid in entergy corporation common stock.
(3) the amounts in column (i) represent shares of restricted stock granted under the 2019 oip. shares of restricted stock vest one-third on each of the first through third anniversaries of the grant date, have voting rights, and accrue dividends during the vesting period.
(4) the amounts in column (j) represent options to purchase shares of entergy corporation's common stock. the options vest one-third on each of the first through third anniversaries of the grant date and have a ten-year term from the date of grant. the options were granted under the 2019 oip.
(5) the amounts in column (l) are valued based on the aggregate grant date fair value of the award calculated in accordance with fasb asc topic 718 and, in the case of the performance units, are based on the probable outcome of the applicable performance conditions. see notes 4 and 5 to the 2020 summary compensation table for a discussion of the relevant assumptions used in calculating the grant date fair value.
491

2020 outstanding equity awards at fiscal year-end the following table summarizes, for each neo, unexercised options, restricted stock that has not vested, and equity incentive plan awards outstanding as of december 31, 2020.
opti...                                                      stock awar...                                                      awar...
(a)     -b       -c       -d       -e              -f              -g       -h              -i      -j equi...
equ...    ince...
inc...    plan mark...           plan    awar...
equi...                                    numb...    value           awa...    mark...
ince...                                    of       of              num...    or numb...    numb...    plan                                     shar...    shar...           of      payo...
of       of       awar...                                    or       or              une...    value secu...    secu...    numb...    opti...           opti...           units    units           sha...    of name    unde...    unde...    of       exer...           expi...           of       of              uni...    unea...
unex...    unex...    secu...    price           date            stock    stock           or      shar...
opti...    opti...    unde...                                    that     that            oth...    units exer...    unex...    unex...                                    have     have            rig...    or unea...                                    not      not             that    other opti...                                    vest...    vest...           have    righ...
not     that ves...    have not vest...
-#       -#       -#       -$                              -#       -$              -#      -$
a.
chr...    -        29,2...                    $131...           1/30...
bak...
iii
-        24,2...                    $89....           1/31...
-        13,5...                    $78....           1/25...
1,9...           $19...
19,...           $1,...
3,10...           $309...
2,40...           $239...
1,66...           $166...
20,0...           $1,9...
mar...
v.      -        28,5...                    $131...           1/30...
bro...
-        23,8...                    $89....           1/31...
-        13,5...                    $78....           1/25...
1,8...           $18...
18,...           $1,...
3,02...           $302...
2,35...           $235...
1,66...           $166...
492
table of contents opti...                                                 stock awar...                                                 awar...
(a)        -b    -c       -d       -e               -f        -g       -h               -i        -j equi...
equity    ince...
incen...    plan market           plan      awar...
equi...                               numb...    value            award...    mark...
ince...                               of       of               number    or numb...    numb...    plan                                shar...    shares           of        payo...
of    of       awar...                               or       or               unear...    value secu...    secu...    numb...    option           option    units    units            share...    of name    unde...    unde...    of       exerc...           expir...    of       of               units     unea...
unex...    unex...    secu...    price            date      stock    stock            or        shar...
opti...    opti...    unde...                               that     that             other     units exer...    unex...    unex...                               have     have             rights    or unea...                               not      not              that      other opti...                               vest...    vested           have      righ...
not       that vested    have not vest...
-#    -#       -#       -$                         -#       -$               -#        -$
leo p.          -    117,...                     $131...    1/30/...
den...
51,4...    102,...                     $89....    1/31/...
111,...    55,7...                     $78....    1/25/...
179,...    -                         $70....    1/26/...
167,...    -                         $70....    1/28/...
88,0...    -                         $89....    1/29/...
106,...    -                         $63....    1/30/...
50,0...    -                         $64....    1/31/...
7,816...           $780,...
81,01...           $8,08...
12,5...            $1,2...
10,1...            $1,0...
5,23...            $522...
dav...
d.          -    3,20...                     $131...    1/30/...
ell...
1,566    3,13...                     $89....    1/31/...
238(4)           $23,7...
2,900...           $289,...
500(...            $49,...
334(...            $33,...
hal...
r.          -    4,30...                     $131...    1/30/...
fis...
-    4,13...                     $89....    1/31/...
-    2,20...                     $78....    1/25/...
238(4)           $23,7...
2,900...           $289,...
750(...            $74,...
400(...            $39,...
267(...            $26,...
493
table of contents opti...                                                 stock awar...                                                 awar...
(a)        -b    -c       -d       -e               -f        -g       -h               -i        -j equi...
equity    ince...
incen...    plan market           plan      awar...
equi...                               numb...    value            award...    mark...
ince...                               of       of               number    or numb...    numb...    plan                                shar...    shares           of        payo...
of    of       awar...                               or       or               unear...    value secu...    secu...    numb...    option           option    units    units            share...    of name    unde...    unde...    of       exerc...           expir...    of       of               units     unea...
unex...    unex...    secu...    price            date      stock    stock            or        shar...
opti...    opti...    unde...                               that     that             other     units exer...    unex...    unex...                               have     have             rights    or unea...                               not      not              that      other opti...                               vest...    vested           have      righ...
not       that vested    have not vest...
-#    -#       -#       -$                         -#       -$               -#        -$
lau...
r.          -    4,30...                     $131...    1/30/...
lan...
1,700    3,40...                     $89....    1/31/...
238(4)           $23,7...
2,900...           $289,...
750(...            $74,...
334(...            $33,...
400(...            $39,...
and...
s.          -    36,0...                     $131...    1/30/...
mar...
15,0...    30,1...                     $89....    1/31/...
32,6...    16,3...                     $78....    1/25/...
44,0...    -                         $70....    1/26/...
45,0...    -                         $70....    1/28/...
24,0...    -                         $89....    1/29/...
35,0...    -                         $63....    1/30/...
32,0...    -                         $64....    1/31/...
10,0...    -                         $71....    1/26/...
4,000    -                         $72....    1/27/...
2,390...           $238,...
23,73...           $2,37...
3,82...            $381...
2,98...            $297...
1,73...            $173...
phi...
r.          -    7,30...                     $131...    1/30/...
may, jr.
-    6,20...                     $89....    1/31/...
-    3,30...                     $78....    1/25/...
350(4)           $34,9...
4,300...           $429,...
1,10...            $109...
600(...            $59,...
343(...            $33,...
494
table of contents opti...                                                      stock awar...                                                      awar...
(a)        -b    -c       -d       -e              -f              -g       -h              -i      -j equi...
equ...    ince...
inc...    plan mark...           plan    awar...
equi...                                    numb...    value           awa...    mark...
ince...                                    of       of              num...    or numb...    numb...    plan                                     shar...    shar...           of      payo...
of    of       awar...                                    or       or              une...    value secu...    secu...    numb...    opti...           opti...           units    units           sha...    of name    unde...    unde...    of       exer...           expi...           of       of              uni...    unea...
unex...    unex...    secu...    price           date            stock    stock           or      shar...
opti...    opti...    unde...                                    that     that            oth...    units exer...    unex...    unex...                                    have     have            rig...    or unea...                                    not      not             that    other opti...                                    vest...    vest...           have    righ...
not     that ves...    have not vest...
-#    -#       -#       -$                              -#       -$              -#      -$
sal...
t.          -    4,30...                    $131...           1/30...
rai...
2,066    4,13...                    $89....           1/31...
2,200    2,20...                    $78....           1/25...
2,600    -                        $70....           1/26...
238...           $23...
2,9...           $28...
750(...           $74,...
400(...           $39,...
267(...           $26,...
rod...
k.          -    31,7...                    $131...           1/30...
west
-    25,5...                    $89....           1/31...
-    14,1...                    $78....           1/25...
2,1...           $20...
20,...           $2,...
3,36...           $335...
2,53...           $252...
1,73...           $173...
(1) consists of options granted under the 2019 oip; 1/3 of the options vested on january 30, 2021 and 1/3 of the remaining options will vest on each of january 30, 2022 and january 30, 2023.
(2) consists of options granted under the 2015 eop; 1/2 of the options vested on january 31, 2021 and the remaining options will vest on january 30, 2022.
(3) consists of options granted under the 2015 eop that vested on january 25, 2021.
(4) consists of performance units granted under the 2019 oip that will vest on december 31, 2022 based on two performance measures: 1) entergy corporation's total shareholder return performance over the 2020-2022 performance period and 2) cumulative entergy adjusted eps with total shareholder return weighted eighty percent and cumulative entergy adjusted eps weighted twenty percent, as described under "what entergy corporation pays and why - long-term incentive compensation - 2020 long-term incentive award mix - long-term performance unit program" in the compensation discussion and analysis.
(5) consists of performance units granted under the 2015 eop that will vest on december 31, 2021 based on two performance measures: 1) entergy corporation's total shareholder return performance over the 2019-2021 performance period and 2) cumulative entergy adjusted eps with total shareholder return weighted eighty percent and cumulative entergy adjusted eps weighted twenty percent.
(6) consists of shares of restricted stock granted under the 2019 oip; 1/3 of the shares of restricted stock vested on january 30, 2021 and 1/3 of the remaining shares will vest on each of january 30, 2022 and january 30, 2023.
495

(7) consists of shares of restricted stock granted under the 2015 eop; 1/2 of the shares of restricted stock vested on january 31, 2021 and the remaining shares of restricted stock will vest on january 31, 2022.
(8) consists of shares of restricted stock granted under the 2015 eop that vested on january 25, 2021.
(9) consists of restricted stock units granted under the 2015 eop which will vest 1/2 on each of april 6, 2022 and april 6, 2025.
2020 option exercises and stock vested the following table provides information concerning each exercise of stock options and each vesting of stock during
2020 for the neos.
options awards                                   stock awards
(a)                                    -b                     -c                      -d                     -e number of shares      value realized on        number of shares      value realized on name                          acquired on               exercise     acquired on vesting             vesting(1)
exercise
-#                     -$                      -#                     -$
a. christopher                     38,174             $1,954,334                  16,051             $1,701,473
bakken, iii marcus v. brown                    40,075             $2,081,630                  16,366             $1,742,234
leo p. denault                          -                     $-                  77,044             $7,935,333
david d. ellis                          -                     $-                   1,659               $164,028
haley r.                            6,800               $351,077                   3,122               $325,433
fisackerly laura r. landreaux                      -                     $-                   3,059               $331,489
andrew s. marsh                         -                     $-                  37,861             $3,959,325
phillip r. may,                    13,900               $774,394                   4,650               $480,241
jr.
sallie t. rainer                        -                     $-                   3,140               $327,765
roderick k. west                   97,249             $4,940,267                  15,436             $1,621,930
(1) represents the value of performance units for the 2018 - 2020 performance period (payable solely in shares based on the closing stock price of entergy corporation on the date of vesting) under the ltip and the vesting of shares of restricted stock in 2020.
496

2020 pension benefits the following table shows the present value as of december 31, 2020, of accumulated benefits payable to each of the neos, including the number of years of service credited to each neo, under the retirement plans sponsored by entergy corporation, determined using interest rate and mortality rate assumptions set forth in note 11 to the financial statements. additional information regarding these retirement plans follows this table.
name                  plan name                  number of years        present value of    payments during credited service     accumulated benefit    2020
a. christopher        cash balance                          4.74                $287,400    $-
bakken, iii           equalization plan cash balance plan                     4.74                 $95,800    $-
marcus v. brown(1)    system executive                     25.74              $7,889,100    $-
retirement plan entergy retirement                   25.74              $1,385,300    $-
plan leo p.                system executive                     30.00             $30,747,600    $-
denault(1)(2)         retirement plan entergy retirement                   21.83              $1,230,700    $-
plan david d. ellis        cash balance                          2.06                 $15,200    $-
equalization plan cash balance plan                     2.06                 $35,600    $-
haley r.              system executive                     25.08              $2,338,800    $-
fisackerly(1)         retirement plan entergy retirement                   25.08              $1,249,300    $-
plan laura r. landreaux    pension                              13.48                $258,600    $-
equalization plan entergy retirement                   13.48                $577,100    $-
plan andrew s. marsh       system executive                     22.37              $6,543,400    $-
retirement plan entergy retirement                   22.37                $944,000    $-
plan phillip r. may,       system executive                     30.00              $3,747,400    $-
jr.(1)(3)             retirement plan entergy retirement                   34.56              $1,827,300    $-
plan sallie t.             system executive                     30.00              $1,850,000    $-
rainer(1)(3)          retirement plan entergy retirement                   36.00              $2,090,800    $-
plan roderick k. west      system executive                     21.75              $7,667,200    $-
retirement plan entergy retirement                   21.75                $994,300    $-
plan
(1) as of december 31, 2020, mr. brown, mr. denault, mr. fisackerly, mr. may, and ms. rainer were retirement eligible.
(2) in 2006, mr. denault entered into a retention agreement granting him additional years of service and permission to retire under the non-qualified system executive retirement plan ("serp") in the event his employment is terminated by his entergy employer other than for cause (as defined in the retention agreement), by mr. denault for good reason (as defined in the retention agreement), or on account of his death or disability. his retention agreement also provides that if he terminates employment for any other reason, he shall be entitled to up to an additional 15 years of service under the serp only if his entergy employer grants him permission to retire subject to the overall 30 year cap on service credit under the serp. the amount reflected in the table for the serp is calculated based on 30 years of service. the additional years of service credited to mr. denault under his retention agreement increased the present value of mr. denault's benefit by $4,020,200.
(3) service under the serp is granted from the date of hire. service under the qualified entergy retirement plan is granted from the later of the date of hire or the plan participation date. the serp amounts reflected in the table for mr. may and ms. rainer are calculated based on 30 years of service pursuant to the terms of the serp.
497
table of contents retirement benefits the tables below contain summaries of the pension benefit plans sponsored by entergy corporation that the neos participated in during 2020. benefits for the neos who participate in these plans are determined using the same formulas as for other eligible employees.
qualified retirement benefits entergy retirement plan marcus v. brown                                       cash balance plan haley r. fisackerly                                   a. christopher bakken, iii leo p. denault                                        david d. ellis andrew s. marsh                                       non-bargaining employees eligible named executive      laura r. landreaux             phillip r. may, jr.    hired on or after july 1, officers                      non-bargaining employees       sallie t. rainer       2014 and before january 1, eligibility                   hired before july 1, 2014      roderick k. west       2021.

a participant becomes                                 a participant becomes vested in the entergy                                 vested in the cash balance retirement plan upon                                  plan upon attainment of at vesting                       attainment of at least 5                              least 3 years of vesting years of vesting service or                           service or upon attainment upon attainment of age 65                             of age 65 while actively while actively employed by                            employed by an entergy an entergy system company.                            system company.
benefits are payable as an annuity. for employees who separate from service on or form of payment upon          after january 1, 2018, a                              benefits are payable as an retirement                    single lump sum                                       annuity or single lump sum distribution may be elected                           distribution.
by the participant if eligibility criteria are met.
the normal retirement benefit at age 65 is determined by converting benefits are calculated as                            the sum of an employee's a single life annuity                                 annual pay credits and his payable at age 65 and                                 or her annual interest generally are equal to 1.5%                           credits, into an of a participant's final                              actuarially equivalent average monthly earnings                              annuity.
(fame) multiplied by years                            pay credits ranging from of service (not to exceed                             4-8% of an employee's
40).                                                  eligible earnings are
"earnings" for the purpose                            allocated annually to a of calculating fame                                   notional account for the generally includes the                                employee based on an employee's base salary and                            employee's age and years of eligible annual incentive                             service.  earnings for awards subject to internal                            purposes of calculating an revenue code limitations,                             employee's pay credit retirement benefit formula    and excludes all other                                include the employee's base bonuses.  executive annual                            salary and annual incentive incentive awards are not                              awards subject to internal eligible for inclusion in                             revenue code limitations earnings under this plan.                             and exclude all other fame is calculated using                              bonuses. executive annual the employee's average                                incentive awards are monthly earnings for the 60                           eligible for inclusion in consecutive months in which                           earnings under this plan.
the employee's earnings                               interest credits are were highest during the 120                           calculated based upon the month                                                 annual rate of interest on period immediately                                    30-year u.s. treasury preceding the employee's                              securities, as specified by retirement and includes up                            the internal revenue to 5 eligible annual                                  service, for the month of incentive awards paid                                 august preceding the first during the 60 month period.                           day of the applicable calendar year subject to a minimum rate of 2.6% and a maximum rate of 9%.
498
table of contents normal retirement age under the plan is 65.
a reduced terminated vested benefit may be commenced as early as age 55. the amount of this benefit is determined by reducing the      normal retirement age under the plan is 65.
normal retirement benefit by 7% per year for    a vested cash balance benefit can be the first 5 years commencement precedes age     commenced as early as the first day of the
65, and 6% per year for each additional year    month following separation from service.  the benefit timing    commencement precedes age 65.                   amount of the benefit is determined in the a subsidized early retirement benefit may be    same manner as the normal retirement benefit commenced by employees who are at least age     described above in the "retirement benefit
55 with 10 years of service at the time they    formula" section.
separate from service. the amount of this benefit is determined by reducing the normal retirement benefit by 2% per year for each year that early retirement precedes age 65.
non-qualified retirement benefits the neos are eligible to participate in certain non-qualified retirement benefit plans that provide retirement income, including the pension equalization plan ("pep"), the cash balance equalization plan, and the serp. each of these plans is an unfunded non-qualified defined benefit pension plan that provides benefits to key management employees. in these plans, as described below, an executive may participate in one or more non-qualified plans, but is only paid the amount due under the plan that provides the highest benefit. in general, upon disability, participants in the pep and the serp remain eligible for continued service credits until the earlier of recovery, separation from service due to disability, or retirement eligibility. generally, spouses of participants who die before commencement of benefits may be eligible for a portion of the participant's accrued benefit.
pension equalization plan marcus v. brown                                           system haley r.                              cash balance        executive fisackerly                            equalization        retirement plan leo p. denault                        plan                marcus v. brown laura r.                              a. christopher      haley r.
landreaux                             bakken, iii         fisackerly andrew s. marsh                       david d. ellis      leo p. denault management or                         management or       andrew s. marsh highly             phillip r. may,    highly              certain compensated        jr.                compensated         individuals who eligible named    employees who      sallie t.          employees who       became             phillip r. may, executive         participate in     rainer             participate in      executive          jr.
officers          the entergy        roderick k.        the cash balance    officers before    sallie t. rainer eligibility       retirement plan    west               plan                july 1, 2014       roderick k. west

form of           single lump sum                       single lump sum     single lump sum payment upon      distribution                          distribution        distribution retirement
499
table of contents benefits generally are equal to the actuarial present value of the                                      benefits generally are difference between (1)                                    equal to the actuarial the amount that would                                     present value of a have been payable as an                                   specified percentage, annuity under the entergy    benefits generally are       based on the retirement plan,             equal to the difference      participant's years of including executive          between the amount that      service (including annual incentive awards      would have been payable      supplemental service as eligible earnings and     as a lump sum under the      granted under the plan)
without applying             cash balance plan, but       and management level of limitations of the           for the code limitations     the participant's "final retirement benefit          internal revenue code of     on pension benefits and      average monthly formula                     1986, as amended (the        earnings that may be         compensation" (which is
"code") on pension           considered in calculating    generally 1/36th of the benefits and earnings        tax-qualified cash           sum of the participant's that may be considered in    balance plan benefits,       base salary and annual calculating tax-qualified    and the amount actually      incentive plan award for pension benefits, and (2)    payable as a lump sum        the 3 highest years the amount actually          under the cash balance       during the last 10 years payable as an annuity        plan.                        preceding separation from under the entergy                                         service), after first retirement plan.                                          being reduced by the executive annual                                          value of the incentive awards are                                      participant's entergy taken into account as                                     retirement plan benefit.
eligible earnings under this plan.
payable at age 65
benefits payable prior to age 65 are subject to the same reduced terminated                                   payable at age 65
vested or early                                           prior to age 65, vesting retirement reduction                                      is conditioned on the factors as benefits                                       prior written consent of payable under the entergy                                 the officer's entergy retirement plan as                                        employer.
described above.                                          benefits payable prior to an employee with                                          age 65 are subject to the supplemental credited        payable upon separation      same reduced terminated service who terminates       from service subject to 6    vested or subsidized benefit timing              employment prior to age      month delay required         early retirement
65 must receive prior        under the code section       reduction factors as written consent of the       409a.                        benefits payable under entergy employer in order                                 the entergy retirement to receive the portion of                                 plan as described above.
their benefit                                             benefits payable upon attributable to their                                     separation from service supplemental credited                                     subject to the 6 month service agreement.                                        delay required under benefits payable upon                                     internal revenue code separation from service                                   section 409a.
subject to the 6 month delay required under the code section 409a.
additional information
(1) effective july 1, 2014, (a) no new grants of supplemental service may be provided to participants in the pension equalization plan; (b) supplemental credited service granted prior to july 1, 2014 was grandfathered; and
(c) participants in entergy corporation's cash balance plan are not eligible to participate in the pension equalization plan and instead may be eligible to participate in the cash balance equalization plan.
(2) benefits accrued under the serp, pep, and cash balance equalization plan, if any, will become fully vested if a participant is involuntarily terminated without cause or terminates his or her employment for good reason in connection with a change in control with payment generally made in a lump-sum payment as soon as reasonably practicable following the first day of the month after the termination of employment, unless delayed 6 months under internal revenue code section 409a.
(3) the serp was closed to new executive officers effective july 1, 2014.
500

2020 non-qualified deferred compensation as of december 31, 2020, mr. may had a deferred account balance under a frozen defined contribution restoration plan. the amount is deemed invested, as chosen by mr. may, in certain t. rowe price investment funds that are also available to the participant under the savings plan. mr. may has elected to receive the deferred account balance after he retires. the defined contribution restoration plan, until it was frozen in 2005, credited eligible employees' deferral accounts with employer contributions to the extent contributions under the qualified savings plan in which the employee participated were subject to limitations imposed by the internal revenue code.
defined contribution restoration plan executive          registrant                aggregate                              aggregate name              contributions      contributions in        earnings in    aggregate                balance at in 2020            2020                        2020(1)    withdrawals/dis...       december 31,
2020
(a)               -b                 -c                               -d    -e                               -f phillip r.        $-                 $-                              $80    $-                           $3,067
may, jr.
(1) amounts in this column are not included in the summary compensation table.
2020 potential payments upon termination or change in control entergy corporation has plans and other arrangements that provide compensation to a neo if his or her employment terminates under specified conditions, including following a change in control of entergy corporation or its subsidiaries.
change in control under entergy corporation's system executive continuity plan (the "continuity plan"), ml 1-4 officers are eligible to receive the severance benefits described below if their employment is terminated by their entergy system employer other than for cause or if they terminate their employment for good reason during a period beginning with a potential change in control and ending 24 months following the effective date of a change in control (a
"qualifying termination"). a participant will not be eligible for benefits under the continuity plan if such participant: accepts employment with entergy corporation or any of its subsidiaries; elects to receive the benefits of another severance or separation program; removes, copies or fails to return any property belonging to entergy corporation or any of its subsidiaries or violates his or her non-compete provision (which generally runs for two years but extends to three years if permissible under applicable law). entergy corporation does not have any plans or agreements that provide for payments or benefits to any of the neos solely upon a change in control.
in the event of a qualifying termination, executive officers, including the neos, generally will receive the benefits set forth below:
501
table of contents compensation element    payment a lump sum severance payment equal to a multiple of the sum of:  (a) the participant's annual base salary as in effect at any time within one year prior to the commencement of a change of control period or, if higher, immediately prior to a circumstance severance*              constituting good reason, plus (b) the participant's annual incentive, calculated using the average annual target opportunity derived under the annual incentive program for the two calendar years immediately preceding the calendar year in which termination occurs.
under the 2015 eop and the performance unit agreements in respect of the 2019 - 2021
performance period, participants would forfeit outstanding performance units, and in lieu of any payment for any outstanding performance period, would receive a single-lump sum payment calculated by multiplying the target performance units for the most recent performance period preceding (but not including) the calendar year in which termination occurs by the closing price of entergy's common stock as of the later of the date of performance units       such termination or the date of the change in control. under the 2019 oip and the performance unit agreements in respect of the 2020 - 2022 performance unit period, participants would receive a number of shares of entergy common stock equal to the greater of (1) the target number of performance units subject to the performance unit agreement or (2) the number of units that would vest under the performance unit agreement calculated based on the performance of entergy corporation through the participant's termination date, in either case pro-rated based on the portion of the performance period that occurs through the termination date.
all unvested stock options, shares of restricted stock and restricted stock units will equity awards           vest immediately upon a "double trigger" qualifying termination pursuant to the terms of the 2015 eop and 2019 oip.
retirement benefits     benefits already accrued under the serp, pep and cash balance equalization plan, if any, will become fully vested.
welfare benefits        participants who are not retirement-eligible would be eligible to receive entergy-subsidized cobra benefits for a period ranging from 12 to 18 months.
* cash severance payments are capped at 2.99 times the sum of (a) an executive's annual base salary plus (b) the higher of his or her actual annual incentive payment under the annual incentive program or his or her annual incentive, calculated using the average annual target opportunity derived under the annual incentive program for the two calendar years immediately preceding the calendar year in which termination occurs. any cash severance payments to be paid under the continuity plan in excess of this cap will be forfeited by the participant.
to protect shareholders and entergy corporation's business model, executives are required to comply with non-
compete, non-solicitation, confidentiality and non-denigration provisions. if an executive discloses non-public data or information concerning entergy corporation or any of its subsidiaries or violates his or her non-compete provision, he or she will be required to repay any benefits previously received under the continuity plan.
for purposes of the continuity plan the following events are generally defined as:
 change in control : (a) the purchase of 30% or more of either entergy corporation's common stock or the combined voting power of entergy corporation's voting securities; (b) the merger or consolidation of entergy corporation
(unless its board members constitute at least a majority of the board members of the surviving entity); (c) the liquidation, dissolution or sale of all or substantially all of entergy corporation's assets; or (d) a change in the composition of entergy corporation's board such that, during any two-year period, the individuals serving at the beginning of the period no longer constitute a majority of entergy corporation's board at the end of the period.
 potential change in control : (a) entergy corporation or an affiliate enters into an agreement the consummation of which would constitute a change in control; (b) the entergy corporation board adopts resolutions determining that, for purposes of the continuity plan, a potential change in control has occurred; (c) a system company or other person or entity publicly announces an intention to take actions that would constitute a change in control;
or (d) any person or entity becomes the beneficial owner (directly or indirectly)
502
table of contents of entergy corporation's outstanding shares of common stock constituting 20% or more of the voting power or value of the entergy corporation's outstanding common stock.
 cause: the participant's (a) willful and continuous failure to perform substantially his or her duties after written demand for performance; (b) engagement in conduct that is materially injurious to entergy corporation or any of its subsidiaries; (c) conviction or guilty or nolo contendere plea to a felony or other crime that materially and adversely affects either his or her ability to perform his or her duties or entergy corporation's reputation; (d) material violation of any agreement with entergy corporation or any of its subsidiaries; or (e)
disclosure of any of entergy corporation's confidential information without authorization.
 good reason : the participant's (a) nature or status of duties and responsibilities is substantially altered or reduced; (b) salary is reduced by 5% or more; (c) primary work location is relocated outside the continental united states; (d) compensation plans are discontinued without an equitable replacement; (e) benefits or number of vacation days are substantially reduced; or (f) employment is terminated by an entergy employer for reasons other than in accordance with the continuity plan.
other termination events for termination events, other than in connection with a change in control, the executive officers, including the neos, generally will receive the benefits set forth below:
termination       compensation event             element severance         annual             stock options      restricted stock    performance incentive                                                 units unvested options are forfeited.
vested options expire on the earlier of (i)
voluntary         none               forfeited*         90 days from the    forfeited          forfeited**
resignation                                             last day of active employment and
(ii) the option's normal expiration date.
termination       none               forfeited          forfeited           forfeited          forfeited for cause unvested stock options granted prior to 2020
vest on the retirement date and expire on the earlier of
(i) five years from the                               officers with a retirement date                        minimum of 12
and (ii) the                           months of option's normal                        participation pro-rated based    expiration date.                       are eligible for on number of       unvested stock                         a pro-rated retirement        none               days employed      options granted     forfeited          award based on during the         in 2020 continue                       actual performance        to vest                                performance and period             following                              full months of retirement, in                         service during accordance with                        the performance the original                           period vesting schedule and expire the earlier of (i)
five years from the retirement date and (ii)
the option's normal expiration date.
unvested stock options vest on                        officers are pro-rated based    the termination                        eligible for on number of       date and expire                        pro-rated award days employed      on the earlier                         based on actual death/disabil...    none               during the         of (i) five         fully vest         performance and performance        years from the                         full months of period             termination date                       service during and (ii) the                           the performance option's normal                        period expiration date
503

* if an officer resigns after the completion of an annual incentive plan, he or she may receive, at entergy corporation's discretion, an annual incentive payment.
** if an officer resigns after the completion of a ltip performance period, he or she may receive a payout under the ltip based on the outcome of the performance period.
mr. denault's 2006 retention agreement in 2006, entergy corporation entered into a retention agreement with mr. denault that provides benefits to him in addition to, or in lieu of, the benefits described above. specifically, in the event of a termination event (as defined in his agreement): 1) mr. denault is entitled to a target ltip award calculated by using the average annual number of performance units with respect to the two most recent performance periods preceding the calendar year in which his employment termination occurs, assuming all performance goals were achieved at target; and 2) all of mr.
denault's unvested stock options and shares of restricted stock will immediately vest.
in the event of death or disability, mr. denault would receive the greater of the target ltip award calculated as described above or the pro-rated number of performance units for all open performance periods, based on the number of months of his participation in each open performance period.
under the terms of his 2006 retention agreement, mr. denault's employment may be terminated for cause upon mr.
denault's: (a) continuing failure to substantially perform his duties (other than because of physical or mental illness or after he has given notice of termination for good reason) that remains uncured for 30 days after receiving a written notice from the personnel committee; (b) willfully engaging in conduct that is demonstrably and materially injurious to entergy; (c) conviction of or entrance of a plea of guilty or nolo contendere to a felony or other crime that has or may have a material adverse effect on his ability to carry out his duties or upon entergy's reputation; (d) material violation of any agreement that he has entered into with entergy; or (e)
unauthorized disclosure of entergy's confidential information.
mr. denault may terminate his employment for good reason upon: (a) the substantial reduction in the nature or status of his duties or responsibilities from those in effect immediately prior to the date of the retention agreement, other than de minimis acts that are remedied after notice from mr. denault; (b) a reduction of 5% or more in his base salary as in effect on the date of the retention agreement; (c) the relocation of his principal place of employment to a location other than the corporate headquarters; (d) the failure to continue to allow him to participate in programs or plans providing opportunities for equity awards, incentive compensation and other plans on a basis not materially less favorable than enjoyed at the time of the retention agreement (other than changes similarly affecting all senior executives); (e) the failure to continue to allow him to participate in programs or plans with opportunities for benefits not materially less favorable than those enjoyed by him under any of the pension, savings, life insurance, medical, health and accident, disability or vacation plans or policies at the time of the retention agreement (other than changes similarly affecting all senior executives); or (f) any purported termination of his employment not taken in accordance with his retention agreement.
aggregate termination payments the tables below reflect the amount of compensation each of the neos would have received if his or her employment had been terminated as of december 31, 2020 under the various scenarios described above. for purposes of these tables, a stock price of $99.84 was used, which was the closing market price of entergy corporation stock on december 31, 2020, the last trading day of the year.
504
table of contents benefits                                  termination                                               termination and           voluntary                      for good                                              related to a payments      resignation    for cause      reason or    retirement    disability         death       change in upon                                          not for                                                   control terminati...                                      cause a.
christoph...
bakken, iii(1)
severance     -              -                      -             -             -             -      $3,435,870
payment performan...    -              -                      -             -      $895,065      $895,065      $1,086,858
units(3)
stock         -              -                      -             -      $552,353      $552,353        $552,353
options restricted    -              -                      -             -      $764,339      $764,339        $764,339
stock welfare       -              -                      -             -             -             -         $22,248
benefits(...
unvested restricted    -              -                      -             -             -             -      $1,996,800
stock units(7)
marcus v.
brown(2)
severance     -              -                      -             -             -             -      $3,570,750
payment performan...    -              -                      -      $876,595      $876,595      $876,595      $1,080,668
units(3)
stock         -              -                      -      $547,368      $547,368      $547,368        $547,368
options restricted    -              -                      -             -      $751,664      $751,664        $751,664
stock welfare       -              -                      -             -             -             -               -
benefits(...
leo p.
denault(2)
severance     -              -                      -             -             -             -     $10,993,273
payment performan...    -              -             $4,512,768    $3,736,712    $4,512,768    $4,512,768      $5,902,641
units(3)(...
stock         -              -             $2,306,895    $2,306,895    $2,306,895    $2,306,895      $2,306,895
options restricted    -              -             $2,966,300             -    $2,966,300    $2,966,300      $2,966,300
stock welfare       -              -                      -             -             -             -               -
benefits(...
david d.
ellis(1)
severance     -              -                      -             -             -             -        $386,219
payment performan...    -              -                      -             -      $128,194      $128,194        $216,353
units(3)
stock         -              -                      -             -       $33,377       $33,377         $33,377
options restricted    -              -                      -             -       $87,425       $87,425         $87,425
stock welfare       -              -                      -             -             -             -         $19,908
benefits(...
haley r.
fisackerl...
severance     -              -                      -             -             -             -        $543,541
payment performan...    -              -                      -       128,194      $128,194      $128,194        $216,353
units(3)
stock         -              -                      -        91,899       $91,899       $91,899         $91,899
options restricted    -              -                      -       150,174      $150,174      $150,174        $150,174
stock welfare       -              -                      -             -             -             -               -
benefits(...
laura r.
landreaux...
severance     -              -                      -             -             -             -        $457,457
payment performan...    -              -                      -             -      $128,194      $128,194        $216,353
units(3)
stock         -              -                      -             -       $36,210       $36,210         $36,210
options restricted    -              -                      -             -      $157,978      $157,978        $157,978
stock welfare       -              -                      -             -             -             -         $19,908
benefits(...
505
table of contents benefits                                  termination                                               termination and           voluntary                   for good                                                 related to a payments      resignation    for cause    reason or      retirement    disability         death       change in upon                                      not for                                                       control terminati...                                cause andrew s.
marsh(1)
severance     -              -            -                       -             -             -      $3,622,500
payment performan...    -              -            -                       -    $1,108,224    $1,108,224      $1,146,862
units(3)
stock         -              -            -                       -      $676,227      $676,227        $676,227
options restricted    -              -            -                       -      $908,105      $908,105        $908,105
stock welfare       -              -            -                       -             -             -         $29,862
benefits(...
phillip r.
may, jr.(2)
severance     -              -            -                       -             -             -      $1,295,309
payment performan...    -              -            -                $189,796      $189,796      $189,796        $361,121
units(3)
stock         -              -            -                $137,838      $137,838      $137,838        $137,838
options restricted    -              -            -                       -      $215,243      $215,243        $215,243
stock welfare       -              -            -                       -             -             -               -
benefits(...
sallie t.
rainer(2)
severance     -              -            -                       -             -             -        $502,198
payment performan...    -              -            -                $128,194      $128,194      $128,194        $216,353
units(3)
stock         -              -            -                 $91,899       $91,899       $91,899         $91,899
options restricted    -              -            -                       -      $150,174      $150,174        $150,174
stock welfare       -              -            -                       -             -             -               -
benefits(...
roderick k. west(1)
severance     -              -            -                       -             -             -      $3,732,501
payment performan...    -              -            -                       -      $950,177      $950,177      $1,108,324
units(3)
stock         -              -            -                       -      $580,531      $580,531        $580,531
options restricted    -              -            -                       -      $811,984      $811,984        $811,984
stock welfare       -              -            -                       -             -             -         $29,862
benefits(...
1) see "2020 pension benefits" for a description of the pension benefits mr. bakken, mr. ellis, ms. landreaux, mr.
marsh, and mr. west may receive upon the occurrence of certain termination events.
2) as of december 31, 2020, mr. brown, mr. denault, mr. fisackerly, mr. may, and ms. rainer are retirement eligible and would retire rather than voluntarily resign, and in addition to the payments and benefits in the table, mr.
brown, mr. denault, mr. fisackerly, mr. may, and ms. rainer also would be entitled to receive their vested pension benefits under the entergy retirement plan. for a description of these benefits, see "2020 pension benefits."
3) for purposes of the table, in the event of a qualifying termination related to a change in control, each neo would receive a payment in respect of his performance units for the 2019 - 2021 performance period and a number of performance units for the 2020 - 2022 performance period, calculated as follows.
for the 2019 - 2021 performance period, each neo would be entitled to receive a single-lump sum payment calculated using the target number of performance units that the officer would have been entitled to receive under the 2015
eop with respect to the most recent performance period that precedes and does not include the officer's date of termination. the value of mr. denault's payments was calculated by multiplying the target performance units for the
2017 - 2019 ltip performance period (48,700) by the closing price of entergy corporation stock on december 31, 2020
($99.84), which would equal a payment of $4,862,208 for the forfeited performance units for the 2019 - 2021
performance period. the value of mr. bakken's, mr. brown's,
506
table of contents mr. marsh's, and mr. west's was calculated by multiplying the target performance units for the 2017 - 2019 ltip performance period (8,300) by the closing price of entergy corporation stock on december 31, 2020 ($99.84), which would equal a payment of $828,672 for the forfeited performance units for the 2019 - 2021 performance period. the value of mr. may's payment was calculated by multiplying the target performance units for the 2017 - 2019 ltip performance period (3,150) by the closing price of entergy corporation stock on december 31, 2020 ($99.84), which would equal a payment of $314,496 for the forfeited performance units for the 2019 - 2021 performance period. the value of the payments for the other neos was calculated by multiplying the target performance units for the 2017 -
2019 ltip performance period (1,850) by the closing price of entergy corporation stock on december 31, 2020
($99.84), which would equal a payment of $184,704 for the forfeited performance units for the 2019 - 2021
performance period.
for the 2020 - 2022 performance period, in the event of a qualifying termination related to a change in control, each neo would be entitled to receive a number of shares of entergy corporation stock equal to the greater of (1)
the target number of performance units subject to the 2020 - 2022 performance unit agreement or (2) the number of performance units that would vest under the 2020 - 2022 performance unit agreement calculated based on entergy corporation's actual performance through the neo's termination date, in either case pro-rated based on the portion of the performance period that occurs through the termination date. for purposes of the table, the values of the performance unit awards for the 2020 - 2022 performance period for each neo were calculated as follows, based on the assumption that the target number of performance units was the greater number:
mr. bakken: 2,586 (12/36*7,758) performance units at target, assuming a stock price of $99.84 = $258,186
mr. brown: 2,524 (12/36*7,571) performance units at target, assuming a stock price of $99.84 = $251,996
mr. denault: 10,421 (12/36*31,263) performance units at target, assuming a stock price of $99.84 = $1,040,433
mr. ellis: 317 (12/36*950) performance units at target, assuming a stock price of $99.84 = $31,649
mr. fisackerly: 317 (12/36*950) performance units at target, assuming a stock price of $99.84 = $31,649
ms. landreaux: 317 (12/36*950) performance units at target, assuming a stock price of $99.84 = $31,649
mr. may: 467 (12/36*1,400) performance units at target, assuming a stock price of $99.84 = $46,625
mr. marsh: 3,187 (12/36*9,560) performance units at target, assuming a stock price of $99.84 = $318,190
ms. rainer: 317 (12/36*950) performance units at target, assuming a stock price of $99.84 = $31,649
mr. west: 2,801 (12/36*8,401) performance units at target, assuming a stock price of $99.84 = $279,652
the total values of the single sum payment for the 2019 - 2021 performance period and the performance units award for the 2020 - 2022 performance period upon a change in control for each neo is as follows:
mr. bakken: $828,672 + $258,186 = $1,086,858
mr. brown: $828,672 + $251,996 = $1,080,668
mr. denault: $4,862,208 + $1,040,433 = $5,902,641
mr. ellis: $184,704 + $31,649 = $216,353
mr. fisackerly: $184,704 + $31,649 = $216,353
ms. landreaux: $184,704 + $31,649 = $216,353
507
table of contents mr. may: $314,496 + $46,625 = $361,121
mr. marsh: $828,672 + $318,190 = $1,146,862
ms. rainer: $184,704 + $31,649 = $216,353
mr. west: $828,672 + $279,652 = $1,108,324
for purposes of the table, the values of the awards payable in the event of retirement in the case of mr. denault, mr. brown, mr. fisackerly, mr. may, or ms. rainer or upon death or disability, other than mr. denault, for each neo were calculated as follows:
mr. bakken's:
2019 - 2021 ltip performance period: 6,379 (24/36*9,568) performance units at target, assuming a stock price of
$99.84 = $636,879
2020 - 2022 ltip performance period: 2,586 (12/36*7,758) performance units at target, assuming a stock price of
$99.84 = $258,186
total: $895,065
mr. brown's:
2019 - 2021 ltip performance period: 6,256 (24/36*9,383) performance units at target, assuming a stock price of
$99.84 = $$624,599
2020 - 2022 ltip performance period: 2,524 (12/36*7,571) performance units at target, assuming a stock price of
$99.84 = $251,996
total: $876,595
mr. denault's:
2019 - 2021 ltip performance period: 27,006 (24/36*40,508) performance units at target, assuming a stock price of
$99.84 = $2,696,279
2020 - 2022 ltip performance period: 10,421 (12/36*31,263) performance units at target, assuming a stock price of
$99.84 = $1,040,433
total: $3,736,712
mr. marsh's:
2019 - 2021 ltip performance period: 7,913 (24/36*11,869) performance units at target, assuming a stock price of
$99.84 = $790,034
2020 - 2022 ltip performance period: 3,187 (12/36*9,560) performance units at target, assuming a stock price of
$99.84 = $318,190
total: $1,108,224
mr. may's:
2019 - 2021 ltip performance period: 1,434 (24/36*2,150) performance units at target, assuming a stock price of
$99.84 = $143,171
2020 - 2022 ltip performance period: 467 (12/36*1,400) performance units at target, assuming a stock price of
$99.84 = $46,625
total: $189,796
mr. ellis's, mr. fisackerly's, ms. landreaux's and ms. rainer's:
2019 - 2021 ltip performance period: 967 (24/36*1,450) performance units at target, assuming a stock price of
$99.84 = $96,545
508

2020 - 2022 ltip performance period: 317 (12/36*950) performance units at target, assuming a stock price of $99.84
= $31,649
total: $128,194
mr. west's:
2019 - 2021 ltip performance period: 6,716 (24/36*10,073) performance units at target, assuming a stock price of
$99.84 = $670,525
2020 - 2022 ltip performance period: 2,801 (12/36*8,401) performance units at target, assuming a stock price of
$99.84 = $279,652
total: $950,177
4) for purposes of the table, the value of mr. denault's retention payment was calculated by taking an average of the target performance units from the 2016 - 2018 ltip (41,700) and from the 2017 - 2019 ltip (48,700). this average number of units (45,200) multiplied by the closing price of entergy stock on december 31, 2020 ($99.84)
would equal a payment of $4,512,768.
5) pursuant to the serp, in the event of a termination related to a change in control, mr. bakken, mr. marsh, and mr. west would be eligible to receive entergy-subsidized cobra benefits for 18 months and mr. ellis and ms.
landreaux would be eligible to receive entergy-subsidized cobra benefits for 12 months.
6) upon retirement, mr. brown, mr. denault, mr. fisackerly, mr. may, and ms. rainer would be eligible for retiree medical and dental benefits, the same as all other retirees.
7) mr. bakken's 20,000 restricted stock units vest in two equal installments on april 6, 2022 and april 6, 2025. in the event of a change in control, the unvested restricted stock units will fully vest upon mr. bakken's qualifying termination during a change in control period. pursuant to his restricted stock unit agreement, mr. bakken is subject to certain restrictions on his ability to compete with entergy and its affiliates or solicit its employees or customers during and for 12 months after his employment with his entergy employer. in addition, the restricted stock unit agreement limits mr. bakken's ability to disparage entergy and its affiliates. in the event of a breach of these restrictions, other than following certain constructive terminations of his employment, mr. bakken will forfeit any restricted stock units that are not yet vested and paid, and must repay to entergy any shares of entergy stock paid to him in respect of the restricted stock units and any amounts he received upon the sale or transfer of any such shares.
pay ratio as required by section 953(b) of the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act, the following disclosure is being provided about the relationship of the annual total compensation of the employees of each of the utility operating companies to the annual total compensation of their respective presidents and chief executive officers. the pay ratio estimate for each of the utility operating companies has been calculated in a manner consistent with item 402(u) of regulation s-k.
identification of median employee for each of the utility operating companies, october 2, 2020 was selected as the date on which to determine the median employee. this date is different from the date used in the prior year; however, the methodology used to determine the date is consistent with that used in the prior year. both dates correspond to the first day of the three month period prior to fiscal year-end for which information can be obtained about employees and all subsidiaries have the same number of pay cycles. to identify the median employee from each of the utility operating companies' employee population base, all compensation included in box 5 of form w-2 was considered with all before-
tax deductions added back to this compensation ("box 5 compensation"). for purposes of determining the median employee of each utility operating company, box 5 compensation was selected as it is believed to be representative of the compensation received by the employees of each respective utility operating company and is readily available.
509
table of contents the calculation of annual total compensation of the median employee for each utility operating company is the same calculation used to determine total compensation for purposes of the 2020 summary compensation table with respect to each of the neos.
entergy arkansas ratio for 2020,
 the median of the annual total compensation of all of entergy arkansas's employees, other than ms. landreaux, was
$135,370.
 ms. landreaux's annual total compensation, as reported in the total column of the 2020 summary compensation table was $1,150,511.
 based on this information, the ratio of the annual total compensation of mrs. landreaux to the median of the annual total compensation of all employees is estimated to be 8:1.
entergy louisiana ratio for 2020,
 the median of the annual total compensation of all of entergy louisiana's employees, other than mr. may, was
$131,155.
 mr. may's annual total compensation, as reported in the total column of the 2020 summary compensation table, was
$2,257,961.
 based on this information, the ratio of the annual total compensation of mr. may to the median of the annual total compensation of all employees is estimated to be 17:1.
entergy mississippi ratio for 2020,
 the median of the annual total compensation of all of entergy mississippi's employees, other than mr. fisackerly, was $111,238.
 mr. fisackerly's annual total compensation, as reported in the total column of the 2020 summary compensation table, was $1,803,939.
 based on this information, the ratio of the annual total compensation of mr. fisackerly to the median of the annual total compensation of all employees is estimated to be 16:1.
entergy new orleans ratio for 2020,
 the median of the annual total compensation of all of entergy new orleans's employees, other than mr. ellis, was
$150,102.
 mr. ellis's annual total compensation, as reported in the total column of the 2020 summary compensation table was
$804,810.
 based on this information, the ratio of the annual total compensation of mr. ellis to the median of the annual total compensation of all employees is estimated to be 5:1.
entergy texas ratio for 2020,
 the median of the annual total compensation of all of entergy texas's employees, other than ms. rainer, was
$160,680.
 ms. rainer's annual total compensation, as reported in the total column of the 2020 summary compensation table, was $1,543,383.
 based on this information, the ratio of the annual total compensation of ms. rainer to the median of the annual total compensation of all employees is estimated to be 10:1.
510

  
                                                                                                                 
  item 12.                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                 

  
                                                                                                                 
  security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management                                                 
                                                                                                                 

entergy corporation owns 100% of the outstanding common stock of registrant entergy texas and indirectly 100% of the outstanding common membership interests of registrants entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, and entergy new orleans. the information with respect to persons known by entergy corporation to be beneficial owners of more than 5% of entergy corporation's outstanding common stock is included under the heading
"entergy share ownership - beneficial owners of more than five percent of entergy common stock" in the entergy corporation proxy statement, which information is incorporated herein by reference. the registrants know of no contractual arrangements that may, at a subsequent date, result in a change in control of any of the registrants.
the following table sets forth the beneficial ownership of common stock of entergy corporation and stock-based units as of january 31, 2021 for all directors and neos. unless otherwise noted, each person had sole voting and investment power over the number of shares of common stock and stock-based units of entergy corporation set forth across from his or her name.
511
table of contents name                                  shares(1)(2)    options exercisable within 60 days    stock units(3)
entergy corporation a. christopher bakken, iii**                18,115                                35,399                 -
marcus v. brown**                           38,813                                34,930                 -
john r. burbank*                             3,353                                     -               563
patrick j. condon*                           9,333                                     -                 -
leo p. denault***                          324,528                               899,634                 -
kirkland h. donald*                          8,590                                     -             3,668
brian w. ellis*                                 64
philip l. frederickson*                      7,889                                     -               805
alexis m. herman*                           14,780                                     -                 -
m. elise hyland*                             1,663                                                          563
stuart l. levenick*                         22,920                                     -                 -
blanche l. lincoln*                         16,654                                     -                 -
andrew s. marsh**                           90,482                               281,147                 -
karen a. puckett*                            9,333                                     -                 -
roderick k. west**                          33,757                                37,517                 -
all directors and executive officers as                                680,178                             1,429,697             5,599
a group (20 persons)
entergy arkansas a. christopher bakken, iii**                18,115                                35,399                 -
marcus v. brown**                           38,813                                34,930                 -
leo p. denault**                           324,528                               899,634                 -
andrew s. marsh***                          90,482                               281,147                 -
laura r. landreaux***                        5,678                                 4,833                 -
roderick k. west***                         33,757                                37,517                 -
all directors and executive officers as                                556,160                             1,390,535                 -
a group (8 persons)
entergy louisiana a. christopher bakken, iii**                18,115                                35,399                 -
marcus v. brown**                           38,813                                34,930                 -
leo p. denault**                           324,528                               899,634                 -
andrew s. marsh***                          90,482                               281,147                 -
phillip r. may, jr.***                      23,383                                 8,833                13
roderick k. west***                         33,757                                37,517                 -
all directors and executive officers as                                573,865                             1,394,535                13
a group (8 persons)
512
table of contents name                                       shares(1)(2)    options exercisable within 60 days    stock units(3)
entergy mississippi marcus v. brown**                                38,813                                34,930    -
leo p. denault**                                324,528                               899,634    -
haley r. fisackerly***                            7,760                                 5,700    -
andrew s. marsh***                               90,482                               281,147    -
roderick k. west***                              33,757                                37,517    -
all directors and executive officers as         540,127                             1,356,003    -
a group (7 persons)
entergy new orleans marcus v. brown**                                38,813                                34,930    -
leo p. denault**                                324,528                               899,634    -
david d. ellis***                                 3,332                                 4,199    -
andrew s. marsh***                               90,482                               281,147    -
roderick k. west***                              33,757                                37,517    -
all directors and executive officers as         535,699                             1,354,502    -
a group (7 persons)
entergy texas marcus v. brown**                                38,813                                34,930    -
leo p. denault**                                324,528                               899,634    -
andrew s. marsh***                               90,482                               281,147    -
sallie t. rainer***                              13,437                                12,566    -
roderick k. west***                              33,757                                37,517    -
all directors and executive officers as         545,804                             1,362,869    -
a group (7 persons)
*      director of the respective company
**     neo of the respective company
***    director and neo of the respective company
(1) the number of shares of entergy corporation common stock owned by each individual and by all non-employee directors and executive officers as a group does not exceed one percent of the outstanding shares of entergy corporation common stock.
(2) for the non-employee directors, the balances include phantom units that are issued under the service recognition program. all non-employee directors are credited with phantom units for each year of service on the entergy corporation board. these phantom units do not have voting rights or accrue dividends, and will be settled in shares of entergy corporation common stock following the non-employee director's separation from the board.
(3) represents the balances of phantom units each director or executive holds under the defined contribution restoration plan and the deferral provisions of entergy corporation's equity ownership plans. these units will be paid out in either entergy corporation common stock or cash equivalent to the value of one share of entergy corporation common stock per unit on the date of payout, including accrued dividends. the deferral period is determined by the individual and is at least two years from the award of the bonus. messrs. donald and frederickson have deferred receipt of some of their quarterly stock grants. the deferred shares will be settled in cash in an amount equal to the market value of entergy corporation common stock at the end of the deferral period.
513
table of contents equity compensation plan information the following table summarizes the equity compensation plan information as of december 31, 2020. information is included for equity compensation plans approved by the shareholders. there are no shares authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans not approved by the shareholders.
number of securities number of securities to                                       remaining available for plan                      be issued upon exercise    weighted average                           future issuance of outstanding options,    exercise price (b)(2)                (excluding securities warrants and rights (a)                                           reflected in column
(a))(c)
equity compensation plans approved by                       2,399,379                             $89.63                  6,108,451
security holders(1)
equity compensation plans not approved                              -    -                                                        -
by security holders total                                   2,399,379                             $89.63                  6,108,451
(1) includes the 2007 equity ownership plan, the 2011 equity ownership plan, the 2015 equity plan, and the 2019
omnibus incentive plan. the 2007 equity ownership plan was approved by entergy corporation shareholders on may 12,
2006, and only applied to awards granted between january 1, 2007 and may 5, 2011. the 2011 equity ownership plan was approved by entergy corporation shareholders on may 6, 2011, and only applied to awards granted between may 6,
2011 and may 7, 2015. the 2015 equity plan was approved by entergy corporation shareholders on may 8, 2015, and only applied to awards granted between may 8, 2015 and may 3, 2019. the 2019 omnibus incentive plan was approved by the entergy corporation shareholders on may 3, 2019, and 7,300,000 shares of entergy corporation common stock can be issued from the 2019 omnibus incentive plan, with all shares available for equity-based incentive awards. the
2007 equity ownership plan, the 2011 equity ownership plan, the 2015 equity plan, and the 2019 omnibus incentive plan (collectively, the "plans") are administered by the personnel committee of the board of directors (other than with respect to awards granted to non-employee directors, which awards are administered by the entire board of directors). eligibility under the plans is limited to the non-employee directors and to the officers and employees of an entergy employer or an affiliate of entergy corporation. the plans provide for the issuance of stock options, restricted stock, equity awards (units whose value is related to the value of shares of the common stock but do not represent actual shares of common stock), performance awards (performance shares or units valued by reference to shares of common stock or performance units valued by reference to financial measures or property other than common stock), restricted stock unit awards, and other stock-based awards.
(2) the weighted average exercise price reported in this column does not include outstanding performance awards.
514

  
                                                                                                                 
  item 13.                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                 

  
                                                                                                                 
  certain relationships and related party transactions and director independence                                 
                                                                                                                 

for information regarding certain relationship, related transactions and director independence of entergy corporation, see the entergy corporation proxy statement under the headings "corporate governance - director independence" and "corporate governance - corporate governance policies - review and approval of related party transactions."
entergy corporation's board of directors has adopted a written related party transaction approval policy that applies to any transaction or series of transactions in which entergy corporation or a subsidiary is a participant:
 when the amount involved exceeds $120,000; and
 when a related party (an entergy corporation director or executive officer, any nominee for director, any shareholder owning an excess of 5% of the total equity of entergy corporation and any immediate family member of any such person) has a direct or indirect material interest in such transaction(s) (other than solely as a result of being a director or a less than 10% beneficial owner of another entity).
the policy is administered by entergy corporation's corporate governance committee. the committee will consider relevant facts and circumstance in determining whether or not to approve or ratify such a transaction, and will approve or ratify only those transactions that are, in the corporate governance committee's judgment, appropriate or desirable under the circumstances. the corporate governance committee has determined that certain types of transactions do not create or involve a direct or indirect material interest, including (i) compensation and related party transactions involving a director or an executive officer solely resulting from service as a director or employment with entergy corporation so long as the compensation is approved by the entergy corporation board of directors (or an appropriate committee); (ii) transactions involving public utility services at rates or charges fixed in conformity with law or governmental authority; or (iii) all business relationships between entergy corporation and a related party made in the ordinary course of business on terms and conditions generally available in the marketplace an in accordance with applicable law. to entergy corporation's knowledge, since january 1, 2020, neither entergy corporation nor any of its affiliates has participated in any related party transaction.
515

  
                                                                                                                 
  item 14.                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                 

  
                                                                                                                 
  principal accountant fees and services                                                                         
                                                                                                                 

  
                                                                                                                 
  (entergy corporation, entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, entergy   
  texas, and system energy)                                                                                      
                                                                                                                 

aggregate fees billed to entergy corporation (consolidated), entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, entergy texas, and system energy for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019
by deloitte & touche llp were as follows:
2020          2019
entergy corporation (consolidated)
audit fees                             $9,323,550    $8,710,000
audit-related fees (a)                    786,000       775,000
total audit and audit-related fees     10,109,550     9,485,000
tax fees                                        -             -
all other fees (b)                        183,060        31,835
total fees (c)                        $10,292,610    $9,516,835
entergy arkansas audit fees                             $1,137,507    $1,015,125
audit-related fees (a)                          -             -
total audit and audit-related fees      1,137,507     1,015,125
tax fees                                        -             -
all other fees                                  -             -
total fees (c)                         $1,137,507    $1,015,125
entergy louisiana audit fees                             $2,302,851    $1,871,918
audit-related fees (a)                    360,000       360,000
total audit and audit-related fees      2,662,851     2,231,918
tax fees                                        -             -
all other fees                                  -             -
total fees (c)                         $2,662,851    $2,231,918
entergy mississippi audit fees                               $982,507    $1,005,125
audit-related fees (a)                          -             -
total audit and audit-related fees        982,507     1,005,125
tax fees                                        -             -
all other fees                                  -             -
total fees (c)                           $982,507    $1,005,125
516

2020          2019
entergy new orleans audit fees                            $1,027,507      $950,125
audit-related fees (a)                         -             -
total audit and audit-related fees     1,027,507       950,125
tax fees                                       -             -
all other fees                                 -             -
total fees (c)                        $1,027,507      $950,125
entergy texas audit fees                            $1,258,220    $1,165,125
audit-related fees (a)                         -             -
total audit and audit-related fees     1,258,220     1,165,125
tax fees                                       -             -
all other fees                                 -             -
total fees (c)                        $1,258,220    $1,165,125
system energy audit fees                            $1,017,507      $930,125
audit-related fees (a)                         -             -
total audit and audit-related fees     1,017,507       930,125
tax fees                                       -             -
all other fees                                 -             -
total fees (c)                        $1,017,507      $930,125
(a) includes fees for employee benefit plan audits, consultation on financial accounting and reporting, and other attestation services.
(b) includes fees for cybersecurity assessment and license fee for accounting research tool.
(c) 100% of fees paid in 2020 and 2019 were pre-approved by the entergy corporation audit committee.
517
table of contents entergy audit committee guidelines for pre-approval of independent auditor services the audit committee has adopted the following guidelines regarding the engagement of entergy's independent auditor to perform services for entergy:
1. the independent auditor will provide the audit committee, for approval, an annual engagement letter outlining the scope of services proposed to be performed during the fiscal year, including audit services and other permissible non-audit services (e.g. audit-related services, tax services, and all other services).
2. for other permissible services not included in the engagement letter, entergy management will submit a description of the proposed service, including a budget estimate, to the audit committee for pre-approval.
management and the independent auditor must agree that the requested service is consistent with the sec's rules on auditor independence prior to submission to the audit committee. the audit committee, at its discretion, will pre-
approve permissible services and has established the following additional guidelines for permissible non-audit services provided by the independent auditor:
a aggregate non-audit service fees are targeted at fifty percent or less of the approved audit service fee.
b all other services should only be provided by the independent auditor if it is a highly qualified provider of that service or if the audit committee pre-approves the independent audit firm to provide the service.
3. the audit committee will be informed quarterly as to the status of pre-approved services actually provided by the independent auditor.
4. to ensure prompt handling of unexpected matters, the audit committee delegates to the audit committee chair or its designee the authority to approve permissible services and fees. the audit committee chair or designee will report action taken to the audit committee at the next scheduled audit committee meeting.
5. the vice president and general auditor will be responsible for tracking all independent auditor fees and will report quarterly to the audit committee.
518

  
                                                                                                                 
                                                     part iv                                                     
                                                                                                                 

  
                                                                                                                 
  item 15.                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                 

  
                                                                                                                 
  exhibits and financial statement schedules                                                                     
                                                                                                                 

financial statements and independent auditors' reports for entergy, entergy arkansas, entergy
(a)1.    louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, entergy texas, and system energy are listed in the table of contents.
(a)2.    financial statement schedules reports of independent registered public accounting firm (see page 542)
financial statement schedules are listed in the index to financial statement schedules (see page s-1)
(a)3.    exhibits exhibits for entergy, entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, entergy texas, and system energy are listed in the exhibit index (see page 520 and are incorporated by reference herein).  each management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement required to be filed as an exhibit hereto is identified as such by footnote in the exhibit index.
  
                                                                                                                 
  item 16.                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                 

  
                                                                                                                 
  form 10-k summary                                                                                              
                                                                                                                 

  
                                                                                                                 
  (entergy corporation, entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, entergy   
  texas, and system energy)                                                                                      
                                                                                                                 

none.
519
table of contents exhibit index the following exhibits indicated by an asterisk preceding the exhibit number are filed herewith. the balance of the exhibits have previously been filed with the sec as the exhibits and in the file numbers indicated and are incorporated herein by reference. the exhibits marked with a (+) are management contracts or compensatory plans or arrangements required to be filed herewith and required to be identified as such by item 15 of form 10-k.
some of the agreements included or incorporated by reference as exhibits to this form 10-k contain representations and warranties by each of the parties to the applicable agreement. these representations and warranties were made solely for the benefit of the other parties to the applicable agreement and (i) were not intended to be treated as categorical statements of fact, but rather as a way of allocating the risk to one of the parties if those statements prove to be inaccurate; (ii) may have been qualified in such agreement by disclosures that were made to the other party in connection with the negotiation of the applicable agreement; (iii) may apply contract standards of "materiality" that are different from the standard of "materiality" under the applicable securities laws; and
(iv) were made only as of the date of the applicable agreement or such other date or dates as may be specified in the agreement.
entergy acknowledges that, notwithstanding the inclusion of the foregoing cautionary statements, it is responsible for considering whether additional specific disclosures of material information regarding material contractual provisions are required to make the statements in this form 10-k not misleading.
(2) plan of acquisition, reorganization, arrangement, liquidation or succession entergy arkansas
(a) 1 --    plan of merger of entergy arkansas, inc. and entergy arkansas power, llc (2.1 to form 8-k12b filed december 3, 2018 in 1-10764).
entergy louisiana
(b) 1 --    plan of merger of entergy gulf states power, llc and entergy gulf states louisiana, llc (2.1 to form 8-k12b filed october 1, 2015 in 1-32718).
(b) 2 --    plan of merger of entergy louisiana, llc and entergy louisiana power, llc (2.2 to form 8-k12b filed october 1, 2015 in 1-32718).
(b) 3 --    plan of merger of entergy gulf states power, llc and entergy louisiana power, llc (2.3 to form
8-k12b filed october 1, 2015 in 1-32718).
entergy mississippi
(c) 1 --    plan of merger of entergy mississippi, inc. and entergy mississippi power and light, llc (2.1 to form 8-k12b filed december 3, 2018 in 1-31508).
entergy new orleans
(d) 1 --    plan of merger of entergy new orleans, inc. and entergy new orleans power, llc (2.1 to form 8-k12b filed december 1, 2017 in 1-35747).
(3) articles of incorporation and bylaws entergy corporation
(a) 1 --    restated certificate of incorporation of entergy corporation dated october 10, 2006 (3(a) to form
10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2006 in 1-11299).
(a) 2 --    bylaws of entergy corporation as amended january 27, 2017, and as presently in effect (3.1 to form
8-k filed january 30, 2017 in 1-11299).
520
table of contents system energy
(b) 1 --    amended and restated articles of incorporation of system energy effective april 28, 1989 (3(b)1 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2017 in 1-9067).
(b) 2 --    by-laws of system energy effective july 6, 1998, and as presently in effect (3(f) to form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 1998 in 1-9067).
entergy arkansas
(c) 1 --    amended and restated certificate of formation of entergy arkansas effective december 1, 2018 (3.3
to form 8-k12b filed december 3, 2018 in 1-10764).
(c) 2 --    amended and restated company agreement of entergy arkansas effective december 1, 2018 (3.4 to form
8-k12b filed december 3, 2018 in 1-10764).
entergy louisiana certificate of formation of entergy louisiana power, llc (including certificate of amendment to
(d) 1 --    certificate of formation to change the company name to entergy louisiana, llc) effective july 7,
2015 (3.3 to form 8-k12b filed october 1, 2015 in 1-32718).
company agreement of entergy louisiana power, llc (including first amendment to company agreement
(d) 2 --    to change the company name to entergy louisiana, llc) effective july 7, 2015 (3.4 to form 8-k12b filed october 1, 2015 in 1-32718).
entergy mississippi
(e) 1 --    amended and restated certificate of formation of entergy mississippi effective december 1, 2018
(3(e)1 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2018 in 1-31508).
(e) 2 --    amended and restated company agreement of entergy mississippi effective december 1, 2018 (3.4 to form 8-k12b filed december 3, 2018 in 1-31508).
entergy new orleans
(f) 1 --    composite certificate of formation of entergy new orleans effective december 1, 2017 (3.3 to form
8-k12b filed december 1, 2017 in 1-35747).
(f) 2 --    composite company agreement of entergy new orleans effective december 1, 2017 (3.4 to form 8-k12b filed december 1, 2017 in 1-35747).
entergy texas amended and restated certificate of formation of entergy texas effective august 21, 2019 (3.1 to
(g) 1 --    form 8-k filed august 21, 2019 in 1-34360),as amended bystatement of resolution establishing the
5.375% series a preferred stock, cumulative, no par value (liquidation value $25 per share) of entergy texas (3.3 to form 8-a filed september 4, 2019 in 1-34360).
(g) 2 --    amended and restated bylaws of entergy texas effective august 19, 2019 (3.2 to form 8-k filed august 21, 2019 in 1-34360).
(4) instruments defining rights of security holders, including indentures entergy corporation see (4)(b) through (4)(g) below for instruments defining the rights of security holders of system
(a) 1 --    energy, entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, and entergy texas.
521
table of contents indenture (for unsecured debt securities), dated as of september 1, 2010, between entergy
(a) 2 --      corporation and wells fargo bank, national association (4.01 to form 8-k filed september 16, 2010
in 1-11299).
(a) 3 --      officer's certificate for entergy corporation relating to 4.0% senior notes due july 15, 2022
(4.02 to form 8-k filed july 1, 2015 in 1-11299).
(a) 4 --      officer's certificate for entergy corporation relating to 2.95% senior notes due september 1,
2026 (4.02 to form 8-k filed august 19, 2016 in 1-11299).
(a) 5 --      officer's certificate for entergy corporation relating to 4.50% senior note due december 16, 2028
(4(a)7 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2013 in 1-11299).
(a) 6 --      officer's certificate for entergy corporation relating to 2.80% senior notesdue june 15, 2030
(4.02(a) to form 8-k filed may 19, 2020 in 1-11299).
(a) 7 --      officer's certificate for entergy corporation relating to 3.75% senior notesdue june 15, 2050
(4.02(b) to form 8-k filed may 19, 2020 in 1-11299).
(a) 8 --      officer's certificate for entergy corporation relating to 0.90% senior notesdue september 15,
2025 (4.02 to form 8-k filed august 26, 2020 in 1-11299).
second amended and restated credit agreement dated as of september 14, 2018, among entergy corporation, as borrower, the banks and other financial institutions listed on the signatures
(a) 9 --      pages thereof, as lenders, citibank, n.a., as administrative agent and lc issuing bank, mufg bank, ltd., as lc issuing bank, and the other lc issuing banks from time to time parties thereto
(4(g) to form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2018 in 1-11299).
extension agreement, dated september 13, 2019, to second amended and restated credit agreement dated as of september 14, 2018, among entergy corporation, as borrower, the banks and other
(a) 10 --     financial institutions listed on the signature pages thereof, as lenders, citibank, n.a., as administrative agent and lc issuing bank, mufg bank, ltd., as lc issuing bank, and the other lc issuing banks from time to time parties thereto (4(a) to form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2019 in 1-11299).
*(a) 11 --    description of entergy corporation's securities registered under section 12 of the securities exchange act of 1934.
system energy
(b) 1 --    mortgage and deed of trust, dated as of june 15, 1977, as amended and restated by the following supplemental indenture:(4.42 to form 8-k filed september 25, 2012 in 1-9067 (twenty-fourth)).
(b) 2 --    officer's certificate no. 1-b-1 for system energy resources, inc. relating to first mortgage bonds,
2.14% series due december 9, 2025 (4.58 to form 8-k filed december 9, 2020 in 1-09067).
(b) 3 --    fuel lease, dated as of february 24, 1989, between river fuel funding company #3, inc. and system energy (4(b)3 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2017 in 1-9067).
(b) 4 --    loan agreement, dated as of march 1, 2019, between system energy and mississippi business finance corporation (4(b) to form 8-k filed march 28, 2019 in 1-9067).
522
table of contents entergy arkansas mortgage and deed of trust, dated as of october 1, 1944, as amended by the following supplemental indentures: (7(d) in 2-5463 (mortgage); 7(b) in 2-7121 (first); 4(a)-7 in 2-10261 (seventh);
2(b)-10 in 2-15767 (tenth); 2(c) in 2-28869 (sixteenth); 2(c) in 2-35107 (eighteenth); 2(d) in
2-36646 (nineteenth); 2(c) in 2-39253 (twentieth);4(c)1 to form 10-k for the year ended december
31, 2017 in 1-10764 (thirtieth);4(c)1 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2017 in 1-10764
(thirty-first);4(c)1 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2017 in 1-10764
(thirty-ninth);4(c)1 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2017 in 1-10764
(forty-first);4(d)(2) in 33-54298 (forty-sixth);c-2 to form u5s for the year ended december
(c) 1 --     31,1995 (fifty-third);4(c)1 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2008 in 1-10764
(sixty-eighth);4.06 to form 8-k filed october 8, 2010 in 1-10764 (sixty-ninth);4.06 to form 8-k filed december 13, 2012 in 1-10764 (seventy-first);4(e) to form 8-k filed january 9, 2013 in
1-10764 (seventy-second);4.06 to form 8-k filed may 30, 2013 in 1-10764 (seventy-third);4.05 to form 8-k filed march 14, 2014 in 1-10764 (seventy-sixth);4.05 to form 8-k filed december 9, 2014
in 1-10764 (seventy-seventh);4.05 to form 8-k filed january 8, 2016 in 1-10764
(seventy-eighth);4.05 to form 8-k filed august 16, 2016 in 1-10764 (seventy-ninth);4(a) to form
10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2018 (eightieth);4.1 to form 8-k12b filed december 3,
2018 in 1-10764 (eighty-first);4.39 to form 8-k filed march 19, 2019 in 1-10764
(eighty-second);and4.49 to form 8-k filedseptember 11, 2020 in 1-10764(eighty-third)).
second amended and restated credit agreement dated as of september 14, 2018, among entergy arkansas, as borrower, the banks and other financial institutions listed on the signature pages
(c) 2 --     thereof, as lenders, citibank, n.a., as administrative agent, jpmorgan chase bank, n.a., as lc issuing bank, and the other lc issuing banks from time to time parties thereto (4(h) to form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2018 in 1-10764).
borrower assumption agreement dated as of november 30, 2018 of entergy arkansas power, llc under the second amended and restated credit agreement dated as of september 14, 2018, among entergy
(c) 3 --     arkansas, as borrower, the banks and other financial institutions listed on the signature pages thereof, as lenders, citibank, n.a., as administrative agent, jpmorgan chase bank, n.a., as lc issuing bank, and the other lc issuing banks from time to time parties thereto (4.2 to form 8-k12b filed december 3, 2018 in 1-10764).
extension agreement, dated september 13, 2019, to second amended and restated credit agreement dated as of september 14, 2018, as supplemented by the borrower assumption agreement of entergy arkansas power, llc dated as of november 30, 2018, among entergy arkansas, as borrower, the banks
(c) 4 --     and other financial institutions listed on the signature pages thereof, as lenders, citibank, n.a., as administrative agent, jpmorgan chase bank, n.a., as lc issuing bank, and the other lc issuing banks from time to time parties thereto (4(b) to form 10-q for the quarter ended september
30, 2019 in 1-10764).
(c) 5 --     fuel lease, dated as of december 22, 1988, between river fuel trust #1 and entergy arkansas (4(c)9
to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2017 in 1-10764).
loan agreement, dated as of january 1, 2013, between independence county, arkansas and entergy
(c) 6 --     arkansas relating to revenue refunding bonds (entergy arkansas, inc. project) series 2013 (4(d) to form 8-k filed january 9, 2013 in 1-10764).
*(c) 7 --    description of entergy arkansas's securities registered under section 12 of the securities exchange act of 1934.
523
table of contents entergy louisiana mortgage and deed of trust, dated as of april 1, 1944, as amended by the following supplemental indentures: (7(d) in 2-5317 (mortgage); 7(b) in 2-7408 (first);4(d)1 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2017 in 1-32718 (sixth);2(c) in 2-34659 (twelfth);4(d)1 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2017 in 1-32718 (thirteenth);2(b)-2 in 2-38378 (fourteenth);4(d)1 to form
10-k for the year ended december 31, 2017 in 1-32718 (twenty-first);4(d)1 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2017 in 1-32718 (twenty-fifth);4(d)1 to form 10-k for the year ended december
31, 2017 in 1-32718 (twenty-ninth);4(d)1 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2017 in
1-32718 (forty-second);a-2(a) to rule 24 certificate filed april 4, 1996 in 70-8487
(fifty-first);b-4(i) to rule 24 certificate filed january 10, 2006 in 70-10324
(sixty-third);b-4(ii) to rule 24 certificate filed january 10, 2006 in 70-10324 (sixty-fourth);4(a)
to form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2008 in 1-32718 (sixty-fifth);4(e)1 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2009 in 1-132718 (sixty-sixth);4.08 to form 8-k filed september 24,
(d) 1 --    2010 in 1-32718 (sixty-eighth);4.08 to form 8-k filed march 24, 2011 in 1-32718
(seventy-first);4(a) to form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 2011 in 1-32718
(seventy-second);4.08 to form 8-k filed december 4, 2012 in 1-32718 (seventy-sixth);4.08 to form
8-k filed august 23, 2013 in 1-32718 (seventy-eighth);4.08 to form 8-k filed june 24, 2014 in
1-32718 (seventy-ninth);4.08 to form 8-k filed july 1, 2014 in 1-32718 (eightieth);4.08 to form 8-k filed november 21, 2014 (eighty-first);4.1 to form 8-k12b filed october 1, 2015
(eighty-second);4(g) to form 8-k filed march 18, 2016 in 1-32718 (eighty-third);4.33 to form 8-k filed march 24, 2016 in 1-32718 (eighty-fourth);4.33 to form 8-k filed august 17, 2016 in 1-32718
(eighty-sixth);4.43 to form 8-k filed october 4, 2016 in 1-32718 (eighty-seventh);4.43 to form 8-k filed may 23, 2017 in 1-32718 (eighty-eighth);4.43 to form 8k filed march 23, 2018 in 1-32718
(eighty-ninth);4.43 to form 8-k filed august 14, 2018 in 1-32718 (ninetieth);4.43 to form 8-k filed march 12, 2019 in 1-32718 (ninety-first);4.53to form8-k filed march 6, 2020 in 1-32718
(ninety-second);4.53(b) to form 8-k filed november 13, 2020 in 1-32718 (ninety-third); and4.53 to form 8-k filed november 24, 2020 in 1-32718 (ninety-fourth)).
second amended and restated credit agreement dated as of september 14, 2018, among entergy louisiana, as borrower, the banks and other financial institutions listed on the signature pages
(d) 2 --    thereof, as lenders, citibank, n.a., as administrative agent, wells fargo bank, national association and bnp paribas, as lc issuing banks, and the other lc issuing banks from time to time parties thereto (4(i) to form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2018 in 1-32718).
extension agreement, dated september 13, 2019, to second amended and restated credit agreement dated as of september 14, 2018, among entergy louisiana, as borrower, the banks and other financial
(d) 3 --    institutions listed on the signature pages thereof, as lenders, citibank, n.a., as administrative agent, wells fargo bank, national association and bnp paribas, as lc issuing banks, and the other lc issuing banks from time to time parties thereto (4(c) to form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2019 in 1-32718).
(d) 4 --    fuel lease, dated as of january 31, 1989, between river fuel company #2, inc., and entergy louisiana (4(d)10 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2017 in 1-32718).
nuclear fuel lease agreement between entergy gulf states, inc. and river bend fuel services, inc.
(d) 5 --    to lease the fuel for river bend unit 1, dated february 7, 1989 (4(d)11 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2017 in 1-32718).
exhibit a to trust indenture dated as of february 7, 1989 between river bend fuel services, inc.
(d) 6 --    and u.s. bank national association (as successor trustee) (4(d)12 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2017 in 1-32718).
loan agreement, dated as of march 1, 2016, between the louisiana public facilities authority and
(d) 7 --    entergy louisiana relating to refunding revenue bonds (entergy louisiana, llc project) series 2016a
(4(b) to form 8-k filed march 18, 2016 in 1-32718).
loan agreement, dated as of march 1, 2016, between louisiana public facilities authority and
(d) 8 --    entergy louisiana relating to refunding revenue bonds (entergy louisiana, llc project) series 2016b
(4(d) to form 8-k filed march 18, 2016 in 1-32718).
524
table of contents indenture of mortgage, dated september 1, 1926, as amended by the following supplemental indentures: (7-a-9 in registration no. 2-6893 (seventh);4(d)15 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2017 in 1-32718 (eighteenth); 2-a-8 in registration no. 2-66612 (thirty-eighth);4(b)
to form 10-q for the quarter ended march 31,1999 in 1-27031 (fifty-eighth);4(a) to form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2009 in 0-20371 (seventy-seventh);4.07 to form 8-k filed july 1,
2014 in 0-20371 (eighty-first);4.2 to form 8-k12b filed october 1, 2015 in 1-32718
(d) 9 --     (eighty-second);4.3 to form 8-k12b filed october 1, 2015 in 1-32718 (eighty-third);4.42 to form
8-k filed march 24, 2016 in 1-32718 (eighty-fourth);4.42 to form 8-k filed may 19, 2016 in 1-32718
(eighty-fifth);4.42 to form 8-k filed august 17, 2016 in 1-32718 (eighty-sixth);4.42 to form 8-k filed october 4, 2016 in 1-32718 (eighty-seventh);4.42 to form 8-k filed may 23, 2017 in 1-32718
(eighty-eighth);4.42 to form 8-k filed march 23, 2018 in 1-32718 (eighty-ninth);4.42 to form 8-k filed august 14, 2018 in 1-32718 (ninetieth);4.42 to form 8-k filed march 12, 2019 in 1-32718
(ninety-first);4.52to form 8-k filed march 6, 2020 in 1-32718 (ninety-second); and4.52(b)to form
8-k filed november13, 2020 in 1-32718 (ninety-third)).
agreement of resignation, appointment and acceptance, dated as of october 3, 2007, among entergy
(d) 10 --    gulf states, inc., jpmorgan chase bank, national association, as resigning trustee, and the bank of new york, as successor trustee (4(a) to form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2007 in
1-27031).
mortgage and deed of trust of entergy louisiana, dated as of november 1, 2015, as amended by the following supplemental indentures:(4.38 in registration no. 333-190911-07 (mortgage);4(f) to form
8-k filed march 18, 2016 in 1-32718 (first);4.40 to form 8-k filed march 24, 2016 in 1-32718
(second);4(h) to form 10-q for the quarter ended march 31, 2016 in 1-32718 (fourth);4.40 to form
8-k filed may 19, 2016 in 1-32718 (fifth);4.40 to form 8-k filed august 17, 2016 in 1-32718
(d) 11 --    (sixth);4.41 to form 8-k filed october 4, 2016 in 1-32718 (seventh);4.41 to form 8-k filed may 23,
2017 in 1-32718 (eighth);4.41 to form 8-k filed march 23, 2018 in 1-32718 (ninth);4.41 to form 8-k filed august 14, 2018 in 1-32718 (tenth);4.41 to form 8-k filed march 12, 2019 in 1-32718
(eleventh);4.51 to form 8-k filed march 6, 2020in1-32718 (twelfth);4.51(b) toform 8-k filednovember 13, 2020 in 1-32718 (thirteenth); and4.51 to form 8-k filed november 24, 2020 in
1-32718 (fourteenth)).
officer's certificate no. 1-b-1, dated march 18, 2016, supplemental to mortgage and deed of trust
(d) 12 --    of entergy louisiana, dated as of november 1, 2015 (4(e) to form 8-k filed march 18, 2016 in
1-32718).
officer's certificate no. 2-b-2, dated march 17, 2016, supplemental to mortgage and deed of trust
(d) 13 --    of entergy louisiana, dated as of november 1, 2015 (4.39 to form 8-k filed march 24, 2016 in
1-32718).
(d) 14 --    officer's certificate no. 4-b-4, dated may 16, 2016, supplemental to mortgage and deed of trust of entergy louisiana, dated as of november 1, 2015 (4.39 to form 8-k filed may 19, 2016 in 1-32718).
officer's certificate no. 6-b-5, dated august 10, 2016, supplemental to mortgage and deed of trust
(d) 15 --    of entergy louisiana, dated as of november 1, 2015 (4.39 to form 8-k filed august 17, 2016 in
1-32718).
officer's certificate no. 7-b-6, dated september 28, 2016, supplemental to mortgage and deed of
(d) 16 --    trust of entergy louisiana, dated as of november 1, 2015 (4.40 to form 8-k filed october 4, 2016
in 1-32718).
(d) 17 --    officer's certificate no. 8-b-7, dated may 17, 2017, supplemental to mortgage and deed of trust of entergy louisiana, dated as of november 1, 2015 (4.40 to form 8-k filed may 23, 2017 in 1-32718).
officer's certificate no. 10-b-8, dated march 20, 2018, supplemental to mortgage and deed of trust
(d) 18 --    of entergy louisiana, dated as of november 1, 2015 (4.40 to form 8-k filed march 23, 2018 in
1-32718).
525
table of contents officer's certificate no. 12-b-9, dated august 8, 2018, supplemental to mortgage and deed of
(d) 19 --     trust of entergy louisiana, dated as of november 1, 2015 (4.40 to form 8-k filed august 14, 2018
in 1-32718).
officer's certificate no. 14-b-10, dated march 6, 2019, supplemental to mortgage and deed of
(d) 20 --     trust of entergy louisiana, dated as of november 1, 2015 (4.40 to form 8-k filed march 12, 2019
in 1-32718).
officer's certificate no. 16-b-11, dated march 3, 2020, supplemental to mortgage and deed of
(d) 21 --     trust of entergy louisiana, dated as of november 1, 2015 (4.50 to form 8-k filed march 6, 2020 in
1-32718).
officer's certificate no. 19-b-13, dated november 9, 2020, supplemental to mortgage and deed of
(d) 22 --     trust of entergy louisiana, dated as of november 1, 2015(4.50(b) to form 8-k filed november 13,
2020 in 1-32718).
officer's certificate no. 20-b-14, dated november 17, 2020, supplemental to mortgage and deed of
(d) 23 --     trust of entergy louisiana, dated as of november 1, 2015(4.50to form 8-k filed november 24, 2020
in 1-32718).
*(d) 24 --    description of entergy louisiana's securities registered under section 12 of the securities exchange act of 1934.
entergy mississippi mortgage and deed of trust, dated as of february 1, 1988, as amended by the following supplemental indentures:(4(e)1 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2017 in 1-31508 (mortgage);4(e)1 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2017 in 1-31508 (sixth);a-2(c) to rule 24 certificate filed may 14, 1999 in 70-8719 (thirteenth);4(b) to form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 2009
in 1-31508 (twenty-sixth);4.38 to form 8-k filed december 11, 2012 in 1-31508 (thirtieth);4.05 to
(e) 1 --     form 8-k filed march 21, 2014 in 1-31508 (thirty-first);4.05 to form 8-k filed may 13, 2016 in
1-31508 (thirty-second);4.16 to form 8-k filed september 15, 2016 in 1-31508 (thirty-third);4.16
to form 8-k filed november 14, 2017 in 1-31508 (thirty-fourth);4.1 to form 8-k filed november 21,
2018 in 1-31508 (thirty-fifth);4.1 to form 8-k12b filed december 3, 2018 in 1-31508
(thirty-sixth);4(a) to form 8-k filed december 12, 2018 in 1-31508 (thirty-seventh);4.46 to form
8-k filed june 5, 2019 in 1-31508 (thirty-eighth); and4.56 to form 8-k filed may 22, 2020 in
1-31508 (thirty-ninth)).
*(e) 2 --    description of entergy mississippi's securities registered under section 12 of the securities exchange act of 1934.
entergy new orleans mortgage and deed of trust, dated as of may 1, 1987, as amended by the following supplemental indentures:(4(f)1 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2017 in 1-35747 (mortgage);4(f)1 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2017 in 1-35747 (third);4(b) to form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 1998 in 0-5807 (seventh);4.02 to form 8-k filed november 23, 2010 in 0-5807
(f) 1 --    (fifteenth);4.02 to form 8-k filed november 29, 2012 in 1-35747 (sixteenth);4.02 to form 8-k filed june 21, 2013 in 1-35747 (seventeenth);4(m) to form 10-q for the quarter ended march 31, 2016 in
1-35747 (eighteenth);4.02 to form 8-k filed march 22, 2016 in 1-35747 (nineteenth);4.02 to form 8-k filed may 24, 2016 in 1-35747 (twentieth);4.1 to form 8-k12b filed december 1, 2017 in 1-35747
(twenty-first);4(a) to form 8-k filed september 27, 2018 in 1-35747 (twenty-second); and4(a) toform
8-k filed march 26, 2020 in 1-35747(twenty-third)).
second amended and restated credit agreement dated as of november 16, 2018, among entergy new orleans, as borrower, the banks and other financial institutions listed on the signature pages
(f) 2 --    thereof, as lenders, bank of america, n.a., as administrative agent and lc issuing bank, and the other lc issuing banks from time to time parties thereto (4(f)2 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2018 in 1-35747).
526
table of contents term loan credit agreement dated as of december 18, 2019, by and among entergy new orleans, the
(f) 3 --     banks and other financial institutions listed on the signature pages thereof, as lenders, and bank of america, n.a., as administrative agent (4(a) to form 8-k filed december 18, 2019 in 1-35747).
*(f) 4 --    description of entergy new orleans's securities registered under section 12 of the securities exchange act of 1934.
entergy texas indenture, deed of trust and security agreement dated as of october 1, 2008, between entergy texas
(g) 1 --     and the bank of new york mellon, as trustee, as amended by the following supplemental indenture:(4(h)2 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2008 in 0-53134 (indenture)and4.61
to form 8-k filed september 20, 2019 in 1-34360 (first)).
officer's certificate no. 5-b-4 dated september 7, 2011, supplemental to indenture, deed of trust
(g) 2 --     and security agreement dated as of october 1, 2008, between entergy texas and the bank of new york mellon, as trustee (4.40 to form 8-k filed september 13, 2011 in 1-34360).
officer's certificate no. 8-b-6 dated may 18, 2015, supplemental to indenture, deed of trust and
(g) 3 --     security agreement dated as of october 1, 2008, between entergy texas and the bank of new york mellon, as trustee (4.40 to form 8-k filed may 21, 2015 in 1-34360).
officer's certificate no. 9-b-7 dated march 8, 2016, supplemental to indenture, deed of trust and
(g) 4 --     security agreement dated as of october 1, 2008, between entergy texas and the bank of new york mellon, as trustee (4.40 to form 8-k filed march 11, 2016 in 1-34360).
officer's certificate no. 10-b-8 dated november 14, 2017, supplemental to indenture, deed of trust
(g) 5 --     and security agreement dated as of october 1, 2008, between entergy texas and the bank of new york mellon, as trustee (4.48 to form 8-k filed november 17, 2017 in 1-34360).
officer's certificate no. 12-b-9 dated january 3, 2019, supplemental to indenture, deed of trust
(g) 6 --     and security agreement dated as of october 1, 2008, between entergy texas and the bank of new york mellon, as trustee (4.47(a) to form 8-k filed january 8, 2019 in 1-34360).
officer's certificate no. 12-b-10 dated january 3, 2019, supplemental to indenture, deed of trust
(g) 7 --     and security agreement dated as of october 1, 2008, between entergy texas and the bank of new york mellon, as trustee (4.47(b) to form 8-k filed january 8, 2019 in 1-34360).
officer's certificate no. 13-b-11 dated september 16, 2019, supplemental to indenture, deed of
(g) 8 --     trust and security agreement dated as of october 1, 2008, between entergy texas and the bank of new york mellon, as trustee (4.57 to form 8-k filed september 20, 2019 in 1-34360).
officer's certificate no. 16-b-13dated september28, 2020, supplemental to indenture, deed of trust
(g) 9 --     and security agreement dated as of october 1, 2008, between entergy texas and the bank of new york mellon, as trustee (4.57 to form 8-k filedoctober1, 2020in 1-34360).
second amended and restated credit agreement dated as of september 14, 2018, among entergy texas, as borrower, the banks and other financial institutions listed on the signature pages thereof, as
(g) 10 --    lenders, citibank, n.a., as administrative agent, jpmorgan chase bank, n.a., bnp paribas, mizuho bank, ltd., and the bank of nova scotia, as lc issuing banks, and the other lc issuing banks from time to time parties thereto (4(j) to form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2018 in
1-34360).
extension agreement, dated september 13, 2019, to second amended and restated credit agreement dated as of september 14, 2018, among entergy texas, as borrower, the banks and other financial
(g) 11 --    institutions listed on the signature pages thereof, as lenders, citibank, n.a., as administrative agent, jpmorgan chase bank, n.a., bnp paribas, mizuho bank, ltd., and the bank of nova scotia, as lc issuing banks, and the other lc issuing banks from time to time parties thereto (4(d) to form
10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2019 in 1-34360).
527
table of contents statement of resolution establishing the 5.375% series a preferred stock, cumulative, no par
(g) 12 --     value (liquidation value $25 per share) of entergy texas (3.3 to form 8-a filed september 4, 2019
in 1-34360).
*(g) 13 --    description of entergy texas's securities registered under section 12 of the securities exchange act of 1934.
(10) material contracts entergy corporation
+(a)1--       2011 equity ownership and long term cash incentive plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries
(annex a to entergy corporation's definitive proxy statement filed on march 24, 2011 in 1-11299).
+(a) 2 --     2015 equity ownership plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries (appendix c to 2015 entergy corporation's definitive proxy statement filed on march 20, 2015 in 1-11299).
+(a) 3 --     supplemental retirement plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, as amended and restated effective january 1, 2009 (10(a)57 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2010 in 1-11299).
first amendment of the supplemental retirement plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries,
+(a) 4 --     effective december 30, 2010 (10(a)58 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2010 in
1-11299).
second amendment of the supplemental retirement plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries,
+(a) 5 --     effective january 27, 2011 (10(a)57 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2011 in
1-11299).
+(a) 6 --     third amendment of the supplemental retirement plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, effective july 25, 2013 (10(b) to form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2014 in 1-11299).
+(a) 7 --     fourth amendment of the supplemental retirement plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, effective july 1, 2014 (10(c) to form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2014 in 1-11299).
defined contribution restoration plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, as amended and
+(a) 8 --     restated effective january 1, 2009 (10(a)59 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2010 in
1-11299).
first amendment of the defined contribution restoration plan of entergy corporation and
+(a) 9 --     subsidiaries, effective december 30, 2010 (10(a)60 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31,
2010 in 1-11299).
second amendment of the defined contribution restoration plan of entergy corporation and
+(a) 10 --    subsidiaries, effective january 27, 2011 (10(a)60 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31,
2011 in 1-11299).
+(a) 11 --    executive disability plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries (10(a)74 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2001 in 1-11299).
executive deferred compensation plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, as amended and
+(a) 12 --    restated effective january 1, 2009 (10(a)62 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2010 in
1-11299).
first amendment of the executive deferred compensation plan of entergy corporation and
+(a) 13 --    subsidiaries, effective december 30, 2010 (10(a)63 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31,
2010 in 1-11299).
528
table of contents second amendment of the executive deferred compensation plan of entergy corporation and
+(a) 14 --    subsidiaries, effective january 27, 2011 (10(a)64 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31,
2011 in 1-11299).
+(a) 15 --    system executive continuity plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, effective january 1,
2009 (10(a)77 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2009 in 1-11299).
+(a) 16 --    first amendment of the system executive continuity plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, effective january 1, 2010 (10(a)78 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2009 in 1-11299).
second amendment of the system executive continuity plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries,
+(a) 17 --    effective december 30, 2010 (10(a)69 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2010 in
1-11299).
third amendment of the system executive continuity plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries,
+(a) 18 --    effective january 27, 2011 (10(a)71 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2011 in
1-11299).
+(a) 19 --    pension equalization plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, as amended and restated effective january 1, 2009 (10(a)74 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2010 in 1-11299).
first amendment of the pension equalization plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries,
+(a) 20 --    effective december 30, 2010 (10(a)75 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2010 in
1-11299).
second amendment of the pension equalization plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries,
+(a) 21 --    effective january 27, 2011 (10(a)76 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2011 in
1-11299).
+(a) 22 --    third amendment of the pension equalization plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, effective june 19, 2013 (10(b) to form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 2013 in 1-11299).
+(a) 23 --    fourth amendment of the pension equalization plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, effective july 25, 2013 (10(c) to form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 2013 in 1-11299).
+(a) 24 --    fifth amendment of the pension equalization plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, effective july 1, 2014 (10(a) to form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2014 in 1-11299).
+(a) 25 --    cash balance equalization plan of entergy corporation effective july 1, 2014(10(a)31 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2019 in 1-11299).
+(a) 26 --    system executive retirement plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, effective january 1,
2009 (10(a)78 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2010 in 1-11299).
first amendment of the system executive retirement plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries,
+(a) 27 --    effective december 30, 2010 (10(a)79 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2010 in
1-11299).
second amendment of the system executive retirement plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries,
+(a) 28 --    effective january 27, 2011 (10(a)81 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2011 in
1-11299).
+(a) 29 --    third amendment of the system executive retirement plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, effective january 1, 2009 (10(a)81 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2013 in 1-11299).
+(a) 30 --    fourth amendment of the system executive retirement plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, effective july 25, 2013 (10(d) to form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 2013 in 1-11299).
529

+(a) 31 --     fifth amendment of the system executive retirement plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, effective july 1, 2014 (10(d) to form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2014 in 1-11299).
+(a) 32 --     retention agreement effective august 3, 2006 between leo p. denault and entergy corporation
(10(b) to form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 2006 in 1-11299).
+(a) 33 --     amendment to retention agreement effective january 1, 2009 between leo p. denault and entergy corporation (10(a)93 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2010 in 1-11299).
+(a) 34 --     amendment to retention agreement effective january 1, 2010 between leo p. denault and entergy corporation (10(a)101 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2009 in 1-11299).
+(a) 35 --     amendment to retention agreement effective december 30, 2010 between leo p. denault and entergy corporation (10(a)95 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2010 in 1-11299).
+(a) 36 --     shareholder approval of future severance agreements policy, effective march 8, 2004 (10(f) to form 10-q for the quarter ended march 31, 2004 in 1-11299).
+(a) 37 --     entergy nuclear retention plan, as amended and restated effective january 1, 2007 (10(a)107 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2007 in 1-11299).
+(a) 38--      2019 entergy corporation omnibus incentive plan (appendix b to 2019 proxy statement, dated march
22, 2019 in 1-11299).
+(a)39--       form of stock option grant agreement(10(a)45 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2019
in 1-11299).
*+(a) 40 --    form of long term incentive program performance unit agreement.
+(a) 41 --     form of restricted stock grant agreement(10(a)47 toform 10-k for the year ended december 31,
2019 in 1-11299).
+(a) 42 --     form of restricted stock units grant agreement(10(a)48 to form 10-k for the year ended december
31, 2019 in 1-11299).
restricted stock units agreement by and between a. christopher bakken, iii and entergy
+(a) 43 --     corporation effective april 6, 2016 (10(a)54 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2016
in 1-11299).
+(a) 44 --     the 2019 entergy corporation non-employee director stock program (10(b) to form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 2019 in 1-11299).
+(a) 45 --     2019 entergy corporation non-employee director service recognition program (10(c) to form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 2019 in 1-11299).
*+(a) 46 --    defined contribution restoration plan effective as of january 1, 2021.
system energy
(b) 1 --    availability agreement, dated june 21, 1974, among system energy and certain other system companies
(10(b)1 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2017 in 1-9067).
(b) 2 --    first amendment to availability agreement, dated as of june 30, 1977 (10(b)2 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2017 in 1-9067).
(b) 3 --    second amendment to availability agreement, dated as of june 15, 1981 (10(b)3 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2017 in 1-9067).
530

(b) 4 --     third amendment to availability agreement, dated as of june 28, 1984 (10(b)4 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2017 in 1-9067).
(b) 5 --     fourth amendment to availability agreement, dated as of june 1, 1989 (10(b)5 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2017 in 1-9067).
thirty-seventh assignment of availability agreement, consent and agreement, dated as of september
(b) 6 --     1, 2012, among system energy, entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, and the bank of new york mellon, as successor trustee (10(a)15 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2012 in 1-11299).
amendment to the thirty-seventh assignment of availability agreement, consent and agreement, dated
(b) 7 --     as of september 18, 2015, among system energy, entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, and the bank of new york mellon, as successor trustee (4.25 to form s-3 filed october 2, 2015).
thirty-eighth assignment of availability agreement, consent and agreement, dated as of december 9,
(b) 8 --     2020, among system energy, entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, and the bank of new york mellon, as successor trustee (4.60to form 8-k filed december 9,
2020 in 1-09067).
facility lease no. 1, dated as of december 1, 1988, between meridian trust company and stephen m.
(b) 9 --     carta (stephen j. kaba, successor), as owner trustees, and system energy (10(b)11 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2017 in 1-9067).
(b) 10 --    lease supplement no. 4, dated as of january 15, 2014, to facility lease no. 1 (10(b)12 to form
10-k for the year ended december 31, 2016 in 1-11299).
facility lease no. 2, dated as of december 1, 1988 between meridian trust company and stephen m.
(b) 11 --    carta (stephen j. kaba, successor), as owner trustees, and system energy (10(b)13 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2017 in 1-9067).
(b) 12 --    lease supplement no. 4, dated as of may 28, 2014, to facility lease no. 2 (10(b)14 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2016 in 1-11299).
(b) 13 --    reallocation agreement, dated as of july 28, 1981, among system energy and certain other system companies (10(b)15 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2017 in 1-9067).
unit power sales agreement among system energy, entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy
(b) 14 --    mississippi, and entergy new orleans dated as of june 10, 1982, as amended and revised (10(b)16 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2018 in 1-9067).
entergy louisiana amendment, effective as of may 26, 2017, to the fourth amended and restated limited liability
(c) 1 --    company agreement of entergy holdings company llc effective as of september 19, 2015 (10(c)1 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2017 in 1-32718).
(14) code of ethics entergy corporation
*(a)    entergy corporation code of business conduct andethics.
*(21) subsidiaries of the registrants
(23) consents of experts and counsel
*(a)    the consent of deloitte & touche llp is contained herein at page 541.
531

*(24) powers of attorney
(31) rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) certifications
*(a)    rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) certification for entergy corporation.
*(b)    rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) certification for entergy corporation.
*(c)    rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) certification for entergy arkansas.
*(d)    rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) certification for entergy arkansas.
*(e)    rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) certification for entergy louisiana.
*(f)    rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) certification for entergy louisiana.
*(g)    rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) certification for entergy mississippi.
*(h)    rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) certification for entergy mississippi.
*(i)    rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) certification for entergy new orleans.
*(j)    rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) certification for entergy new orleans.
*(k)    rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) certification for entergy texas.
*(l)    rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) certification for entergy texas.
*(m)    rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) certification for system energy.
*(n)    rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) certification for system energy.
(32) section 1350 certifications
**(a)    section 1350 certification for entergy corporation.
**(b)    section 1350 certification for entergy corporation.
**(c)    section 1350 certification for entergy arkansas.
**(d)    section 1350 certification for entergy arkansas.
**(e)    section 1350 certification for entergy louisiana.
**(f)    section 1350 certification for entergy louisiana.
**(g)    section 1350 certification for entergy mississippi.
**(h)    section 1350 certification for entergy mississippi.
**(i)    section 1350 certification for entergy new orleans.
**(j)    section 1350 certification for entergy new orleans.
**(k)    section 1350 certification for entergy texas.
532

**(l)    section 1350 certification for entergy texas.
**(m)    section 1350 certification for system energy.
**(n)    section 1350 certification for system energy.
(101) interactive data file
*ins -    inline xbrl instance document - the instance document does not appear in the interactive data file because its xbrl tags are embedded within the inline xbrl document.
*sch -    inline xbrl schema document.
*cal -    inline xbrl calculation linkbase document.
*def -    inline xbrl definition linkbase document.
*lab -    inline xbrl label linkbase document.
*pre -    inline xbrl presentation linkbase document.
*(104) cover page interactive data file (formatted in inline xbrl and contained in exhibits 101)
_________________
*     filed herewith.
**    furnished, not filed, herewith.
+     management contracts or compensatory plans or arrangements.
533
table of contents entergy corporation signatures pursuant to the requirements of section 13 or 15(d) of the securities exchange act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. the signature of the undersigned company shall be deemed to relate only to matters having reference to such company and any subsidiaries thereof.
entergy corporation by/s/ kimberly a. fontan kimberly a. fontan senior vice president and chief accounting officer date: february 26, 2021
pursuant to the requirements of the securities exchange act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. the signature of each of the undersigned shall be deemed to relate only to matters having reference to the above-named company and any subsidiaries thereof.
title signature                 senior vice president and
/s/ kimberly a. fontan    chief accounting officer          date kimberly a. fontan        (principal accounting officer)    february 26, 2021

leo p. denault (chairman of the board, chief executive officer and director; principal executive officer); andrew s. marsh (executive vice president and chief financial officer; principal financial officer); john r. burbank, patrick j. condon, kirkland h. donald, brian w. ellis, philip l. frederickson, alexis m. herman, m. elise hyland, stuart l. levenick, blanche l. lincoln, and karen a. puckett (directors).
by:/s/ kimberly a. fontan                 february 26, 2021

(kimberly a. fontan, attorney-in-fact)
534
table of contents entergy arkansas, llc signatures pursuant to the requirements of section 13 or 15(d) of the securities exchange act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. the signature of the undersigned company shall be deemed to relate only to matters having reference to such company and any subsidiaries thereof.
entergy arkansas, llc by/s/ kimberly a. fontan kimberly a. fontan senior vice president and chief accounting officer date: february 26, 2021
pursuant to the requirements of the securities exchange act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. the signature of each of the undersigned shall be deemed to relate only to matters having reference to the above-named company and any subsidiaries thereof.
title signature                 senior vice president and
/s/ kimberly a. fontan    chief accounting officer          date kimberly a. fontan        (principal accounting officer)    february 26, 2021

laura r. landreaux (chair of the board, president, chief executive officer, and director; principal executive officer); andrew s. marsh (executive vice president, chief financial officer, and director; principal financial officer); paul d. hinnenkamp and roderick k. west (directors).
by:/s/ kimberly a. fontan                 february 26, 2021

(kimberly a. fontan, attorney-in-fact)
535
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc signatures pursuant to the requirements of section 13 or 15(d) of the securities exchange act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. the signature of the undersigned company shall be deemed to relate only to matters having reference to such company and any subsidiaries thereof.
entergy louisiana, llc by/s/ kimberly a. fontan kimberly a. fontan senior vice president and chief accounting officer date: february 26, 2021
pursuant to the requirements of the securities exchange act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. the signature of each of the undersigned shall be deemed to relate only to matters having reference to the above-named company and any subsidiaries thereof.
title signature                 senior vice president and
/s/ kimberly a. fontan    chief accounting officer          date kimberly a. fontan        (principal accounting officer)    february 26, 2021

phillip r. may, jr. (chairman of the board, president, chief executive officer, and director; principal executive officer); andrew s. marsh (executive vice president, chief financial officer, and director; principal financial officer); paul d. hinnenkamp and roderick k. west (directors).
by:/s/ kimberly a. fontan                 february 26, 2021

(kimberly a. fontan, attorney-in-fact)
536
table of contents entergy mississippi, llc signatures pursuant to the requirements of section 13 or 15(d) of the securities exchange act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. the signature of the undersigned company shall be deemed to relate only to matters having reference to such company and any subsidiaries thereof.
entergy mississippi, llc by/s/ kimberly a. fontan kimberly a. fontan senior vice president and chief accounting officer date: february 26, 2021
pursuant to the requirements of the securities exchange act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. the signature of each of the undersigned shall be deemed to relate only to matters having reference to the above-named company and any subsidiaries thereof.
title signature                 senior vice president and
/s/ kimberly a. fontan    chief accounting officer          date kimberly a. fontan        (principal accounting officer)    february 26, 2021

haley r. fisackerly (chairman of the board, president, chief executive officer, and director; principal executive officer); andrew s. marsh (executive vice president, chief financial officer, and director; principal financial officer); paul d. hinnenkamp and roderick k. west (directors).
by:/s/ kimberly a. fontan                 february 26, 2021

(kimberly a. fontan, attorney-in-fact)
537
table of contents entergy new orleans, llc signatures pursuant to the requirements of section 13 or 15(d) of the securities exchange act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. the signature of the undersigned company shall be deemed to relate only to matters having reference to such company and any subsidiaries thereof.
entergy new orleans, llc by/s/ kimberly a. fontan kimberly a. fontan senior vice president and chief accounting officer date: february 26, 2021
pursuant to the requirements of the securities exchange act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. the signature of each of the undersigned shall be deemed to relate only to matters having reference to the above-named company and any subsidiaries thereof.
title signature                 senior vice president and
/s/ kimberly a. fontan    chief accounting officer          date kimberly a. fontan        (principal accounting officer)    february 26, 2021

david d. ellis (chairman of the board, president, chief executive officer, and director; principal executive officer); andrew s. marsh (executive vice president, chief financial officer, and director; principal financial officer); paul d. hinnenkamp and roderick k. west (directors).
by:/s/ kimberly a. fontan                 february 26, 2021

(kimberly a. fontan, attorney-in-fact)
538
table of contents entergy texas, inc.
signatures pursuant to the requirements of section 13 or 15(d) of the securities exchange act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. the signature of the undersigned company shall be deemed to relate only to matters having reference to such company and any subsidiaries thereof.
entergy texas, inc.
by/s/ kimberly a. fontan kimberly a. fontan senior vice president and chief accounting officer date: february 26, 2021
pursuant to the requirements of the securities exchange act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. the signature of each of the undersigned shall be deemed to relate only to matters having reference to the above-named company and any subsidiaries thereof.
title signature                 senior vice president and
/s/ kimberly a. fontan    chief accounting officer          date kimberly a. fontan        (principal accounting officer)    february 26, 2021

sallie t. rainer (chair of the board, president, chief executive officer, and director; principal executive officer); andrew s. marsh (executive vice president, chief financial officer, and director; principal financial officer); paul d. hinnenkamp and roderick k. west (directors).
by:/s/ kimberly a. fontan                 february 26, 2021

(kimberly a. fontan, attorney-in-fact)
539
table of contents system energy resources, inc.
signatures pursuant to the requirements of section 13 or 15(d) of the securities exchange act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. the signature of the undersigned company shall be deemed to relate only to matters having reference to such company and any subsidiaries thereof.
system energy resources, inc.
by/s/ kimberly a. fontan kimberly a. fontan senior vice president and chief accounting officer date: february 26, 2021
pursuant to the requirements of the securities exchange act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. the signature of each of the undersigned shall be deemed to relate only to matters having reference to the above-named company and any subsidiaries thereof.
title signature                 senior vice president and
/s/ kimberly a. fontan    chief accounting officer          date kimberly a. fontan        (principal accounting officer)    february 26, 2021

roderick k. west (chairman of the board, president, chief executive officer, and director; principal executive officer); andrew s. marsh (executive vice president, chief financial officer, and director; principal financial officer); a. christopher bakken, iii and steven c. mcneal (directors).
by:/s/ kimberly a. fontan                 february 26, 2021

(kimberly a. fontan, attorney-in-fact)
540
table of contents exhibit 23(a)
consents of independent registered public accounting firm we consent to the incorporation by reference in registration statement no. 333-233403 on form s-3 and in registration statements nos. 333-140183, 333-174148, 333-204546, 333-231800 and 333-251819 on form s-8 of our reports dated february 26, 2021, relating to the financial statements and financial statement schedule of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, and the effectiveness of entergy corporation and subsidiaries' internal control over financial reporting, appearing in this annual report on form 10-k of entergy corporation for the year ended december 31, 2020.
we consent to the incorporation by reference in registration statement no. 333-233403-05 on form s-3 of our reports dated february 26, 2021, relating to the financial statements and financial statement schedule of entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries appearing in this annual report on form 10-k of entergy arkansas, llc for the year ended december 31, 2020.
we consent to the incorporation by reference in registration statement no. 233403-04 on form s-3 of our reports dated february 26, 2021, relating to the financial statements and financial statement schedule of entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries appearing in this annual report on form 10k of entergy louisiana, llc for the year ended december 31, 2020.
we consent to the incorporation by reference in registration statement no. 233403-03 on form s-3 of our reports dated february 26, 2021, relating to the financial statements and financial statement schedule of entergy mississippi, llc appearing in this annual report on form 10k of entergy mississippi, llc for the year ended december 31, 2020.
we consent to the incorporation by reference in registration statement no. 233403-02 on form s-3 of our reports dated february 26, 2021, relating to the financial statements and financial statement schedule of entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries appearing in this annual report on form 10-k of entergy texas, inc. for the year ended december 31, 2020.
we consent to the incorporation by reference in registration statement no. 233403-01 on form s-3 of our report dated february 26, 2021, relating to the financial statements of system energy resources, inc. appearing in this annual report on form 10-k of system energy resources, inc. for the year ended december 31, 2020.
/s/ deloitte & touche llp new orleans, louisiana february 26, 2021
541
table of contents report of independent registered public accounting firm to the shareholders and board of directors of entergy corporation and subsidiaries opinion on the financial statement schedule we have audited the consolidated financial statements of entergy corporation and subsidiaries (the "corporation")
as of december 31, 2020 and 2019, and for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2020, and the corporation's internal control over financial reporting as of december 31, 2020, and have issued our reports thereon dated february 26, 2021. our audits also included the consolidated financial statement schedule of the corporation listed in item 15. this consolidated financial statement schedule is the responsibility of the corporation's management. our responsibility is to express an opinion on the corporation's consolidated financial statement schedule based on our audits. in our opinion, such consolidated financial statement schedule, when considered in relation to the consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein.
/s/ deloitte & touche llp new orleans, louisiana february 26, 2021
542
table of contents report of independent registered public accounting firm to the shareholders and board of directors of entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries to the member and board of directors of entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries entergy mississippi, llc entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries opinion on the financial statement schedules we have audited the consolidated financial statements of entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries, entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries, entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries, and entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries, and we have also audited the financial statements of entergy mississippi, llc (collectively the "companies") as of december 31, 2020 and 2019, and for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2020, and have issued our reports thereon dated february 26, 2021. our audits also included the financial statement schedules of the respective companies listed in item 15. these financial statement schedules are the responsibility of the respective companies' management. our responsibility is to express an opinion on the companies' financial statement schedules based on our audits. in our opinion, such financial statement schedules, when considered in relation to the financial statements taken as a whole, present fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein.
/s/ deloitte & touche llp new orleans, louisiana february 26, 2021
543
table of contents index to financial statement schedules schedule                                                               page ii          valuation and qualifying accounts 2020, 2019, and 2018:
entergy corporation and subsidiaries                       s-2
entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries                     s-3
entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries                    s-4
entergy mississippi, llc                                   s-5
entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries                  s-6
entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries                       s-7
schedules other than those listed above are omitted because they are not required, not applicable, or the required information is shown in the financial statements or notes thereto.
columns have been omitted from schedules filed because the information is not applicable.
s-1
table of contents entergy corporation and subsidiaries schedule ii - valuation and qualifying accounts for the years ended december
31, 2020, 2019, and 2018

(in thousands)
column a                                    column b             column c          column d            column e other balance at            additions           changes             balance description                      beginning of period    charged to income    deductions (2)    at end of period
(1)
allowance for doubtful accounts
2020                                          $7,404             $111,687            $1,297            $117,794
2019                                          $7,322               $2,806            $2,724              $7,404
2018                                         $13,587               $3,936           $10,201              $7,322
notes:
(1) a portion of the charges to income are deferred as a regulatory asset.
(2) deductions represent write-offs of accounts receivable balances and are reduced by recoveries of amounts previously written off.
s-2
table of contents entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries schedule ii - valuation and qualifying accounts for the years ended december
31, 2020, 2019, and 2018

(in thousands)
column a                                    column b             column c          column d            column e other balance at            additions           changes             balance description                      beginning of period    charged to income    deductions (2)    at end of period
(1)
allowance for doubtful accounts
2020                                          $1,169              $17,307              $142             $18,334
2019                                          $1,264               $1,000            $1,095              $1,169
2018                                          $1,063                 $810              $609              $1,264
notes:
(1) a portion of the charges to income are deferred as a regulatory asset.
(2) deductions represent write-offs of accounts receivable balances and are reduced by recoveries of amounts previously written off.
s-3
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries schedule ii - valuation and qualifying accounts for the years ended december
31, 2020, 2019, and 2018

(in thousands)
column a                                    column b             column c          column d            column e other balance at            additions           changes             balance description                      beginning of period    charged to income    deductions (2)    at end of period
(1)
allowance for doubtful accounts
2020                                          $1,902              $44,542              $751             $45,693
2019                                          $1,813                 $762              $673              $1,902
2018                                          $8,430               $2,395            $9,012              $1,813
notes:
(1) a portion of the charges to income are deferred as a regulatory asset.
(2) deductions represent write-offs of accounts receivable balances and are reduced by recoveries of amounts previously written off.
s-4
table of contents entergy mississippi, llc schedule ii - valuation and qualifying accounts for the years ended december 31, 2020,
2019, and 2018

(in thousands)
column a                                    column b             column c          column d            column e other balance at            additions           changes             balance description                                beginning    charged to income    deductions (2)    at end of period of period                  (1)
allowance for doubtful accounts
2020                                            $636              $19,081              $190             $19,527
2019                                            $563                 $406              $333                $636
2018                                            $574                 $265              $276                $563
notes:
(1) a portion of the charges to income are deferred as a regulatory asset.
(2) deductions represent write-offs of accounts receivable balances and are reduced by recoveries of amounts previously written off.
s-5
table of contents entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries schedule ii - valuation and qualifying accounts for the years ended december 31, 2020,
2019, and 2018

(in thousands)
column a                                    column b             column c          column d            column e other balance at            additions           changes             balance description                                beginning    charged to income    deductions (2)    at end of period of period                  (1)
allowance for doubtful accounts
2020                                          $3,226              $14,204                $-             $17,430
2019                                          $3,222                 $316              $312              $3,226
2018                                          $3,057                 $187               $22              $3,222
notes:
(1) a portion of the charges to income are deferred as a regulatory asset.
(2) deductions represent write-offs of accounts receivable balances and are reduced by recoveries of amounts previously written off.
s-6
table of contents entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries schedule ii - valuation and qualifying accounts for the years ended december 31, 2020,
2019, and 2018

(in thousands)
column a                                    column b             column c          column d            column e other balance at            additions           changes             balance description                                beginning    charged to income    deductions (2)    at end of period of period                  (1)
allowance for doubtful accounts
2020                                            $471              $16,554              $215             $16,810
2019                                            $461                 $321              $311                $471
2018                                            $463                 $279              $281                $461
notes:
(1) a portion of the charges to income are deferred as a regulatory asset.
(2) deductions represent write-offs of accounts receivable balances and are reduced by recoveries of amounts previously written off.
s-7
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations refer to "management's financial discussion and analysis of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries, entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries, entergy mississippi, llc, entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries, entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries, and system energy resources, inc."
