item 1a. risk factors the following risks could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations and, as a result, the trading price of our common stock could decline. these risk factors do not identify all risks that we face; our operations could also be affected by factors that are not presently known to us or that we currently consider to be immaterial to our operations. due to risks and uncertainties, known and unknown, our past financial results may not be a reliable indicator of future performance, and historical trends should not be used to anticipate results or trends in future periods. investors should also refer to the other information set forth in this annual report on form 10-k, including item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations and the company's consolidated financial statements including the related notes. investors should carefully consider all risks, including those disclosed here, before making an investment decision.
technology & data security risks loss, corruption and misappropriation of data and information relating to clients and others many of our products, as well as our internal systems and processes, involve the storage and transmission of our own, as well as supplier and customer, proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data. this includes data from client portfolios and strategies. breaches of this confidentiality, should they occur, could result in the loss of clients and termination of arrangements with suppliers for the use of their data. if we fail to maintain the adequacy of our internal data controls, unauthorized access or misappropriation of client or supplier data by an employee or an external third-party could occur. additionally, the maintenance and enhancement of our systems may not be completely effective in preventing loss, unauthorized access or misappropriation. data misappropriation, unauthorized access or data loss could instill a lack of confidence in our products and systems and damage our brand, reputation and business. breaches of security measures could expose us, our clients or the individuals affected to a risk of loss or misuse of this information, potentially resulting in litigation and liability for us, as well as the loss of existing or potential clients. many jurisdictions in which we operate have laws and regulations relating to data privacy and protection of personal information, including the european union general data protection regulation, which became effective table of contents may 25, 2018, and california's consumer privacy act, which became effective january 1, 2020. both require companies to satisfy requirements regarding the handling of personal and sensitive data, including our use, protection and the ability of persons whose data is stored to correct or delete such data about themselves. the law in this area continues to develop and the changing nature of privacy laws could impact our processing of personal and sensitive information related to our content, operations, employees, clients, and suppliers, and may expose us to claims of violations.
successful cyber-attacks and the failure of cyber-security systems and procedures in providing our digital-enabled services to clients, we rely on information technology infrastructure that is managed internally along with placing reliance on third-party service providers. we and these third-party service providers are subject to the risks of system failures and security breaches, including cyber-attacks, such as phishing scams, viruses and denials of service attacks, as well as employee errors or malfeasance. our and our vendors' use of mobile and cloud technologies may increase our risk for such threats. our protective systems and procedures and those of third parties to which we are connected, such as cloud computing providers, may not be effective against these threats. our information technology systems must be constantly updated and patched to protect against known vulnerabilities and to optimize performance. our contracts with service providers typically require them to implement and maintain adequate security controls, but we may not have the ability to effectively monitor these security measures. as a result, inadequacies of the third party security technologies and practices may not be detected until after a security breach has occurred. we could suffer significant damage to our brand and reputation: if a cyber-attack or other security incident were to allow unauthorized access to, or modification of, clients' or suppliers' data, other external data, internal data or information technology systems; if the services provided to clients were disrupted; or if products or services were perceived as having security vulnerabilities. the costs we would incur to address and resolve these security incidents would increase our expenses. these types of security incidents could also lead to lawsuits, regulatory investigations and claims, loss of business and increased legal liability. we also make acquisitions periodically. while significant effort is placed on addressing information technology security issues with respect to the acquired companies, we may inherit such risks when these acquisitions are integrated into our infrastructure.
a prolonged or recurring outage at our data centers and other business continuity disruptions at facilities could result in reduced service and the loss of clients our clients rely on us for the delivery of time-sensitive, up-to-date data and applications. our business is dependent on our ability to process substantial volumes of data and transactions rapidly and efficiently on our computer-based networks and systems. if we experience significant growth of our customer base or increases in the number of products or services or in the speed at which we are required to provide products and services, it may strain our systems. additionally, our systems and networks may become strained due to aging or end-of-life technology that we have not yet updated or replaced. our computer operations, as well as our other business centers, and those of our suppliers and clients, are vulnerable to interruption by fire, natural disaster, power loss, telecommunications failures, terrorist attacks, acts of war, civil unrest, internet failures, computer viruses, security breaches, and other events beyond our reasonable control. we maintain back-up facilities and certain other redundancies for each of our major data centers to minimize the risk that any such event will disrupt those operations. however, a loss of our services involving our significant facilities may materially disrupt our business and may induce our clients to seek alternative data suppliers. any such losses or damages we incur could have a material adverse effect on our business. although we seek to minimize these risks through security measures, controls, back-up data centers and emergency planning, there can be no assurance that such efforts will be successful or effective. additionally, we may also face significant increases in our use of power and data storage and may experience a shortage of capacity and increased costs associated with such usage.
transition to new technologies, applications and processes could expose us to unanticipated disruptions the technology landscape is constantly evolving. to remain competitive, we must adapt and migrate to new technologies, applications and processes. use of more advanced technologies and infrastructure is critical to the development of our products and services, the scaling of our business for future growth, and the accurate maintenance of our data and operations. the implementation of new technologies and infrastructure, such as migration to new cloud-based systems, is complex and can involve substantial expenditures as well as risks inherent in the conversion to any new system, including potential loss of information and disruption to operations. we may experience unanticipated interruption and delay in the performance and delivery of certain of our products and services. certain of our technologies are also dependent upon third party providers to maintain adequate systems to protect the security of our confidential information and data. failure by our providers to maintain appropriate security could result in unauthorized access to our systems or a network disruption that could further lead to improper disclosure of confidential information or data, regulatory penalties and remedial costs. any disruption to either the provider's systems or the communication links between us and the provider could negatively affect our ability to operate our data systems and could impair our ability to provide services to our clients. if the services to our clients are disrupted, or if there is unauthorized access to the confidential information of our clients or our vendors, we could suffer significant damage to our brand and reputation and lose clients. as we increase our reliance on third party systems, our exposure to damages from services disruptions may increase, and we may incur additional costs to remedy damages caused by these disruptions.
table of contents use of open source software could introduce security vulnerabilities, impose unanticipated restrictions on our ability to commercialize our products and services, and subject us to increased costs we use open source code in our software development and incorporate it into our products and internal systems. the use of open source code may entail greater risks than the use of third-party commercial software. open source licensors generally do not provide warranties or other contractual protections regarding infringement claims or the quality or security of the code. some open source licenses provide that if we combine our proprietary applications with the open source software in a certain manner, we could be required to release the source code of our proprietary applications to the public. this would allow our competitors to create similar products with less development effort and time and ultimately put us at a competitive disadvantage. we have implemented procedures to control the use of source code so was to mitigate this risk; however, the terms of many open source licenses are also ambiguous and have not been interpreted by u.s. or other courts. therefore, there is a risk that our internal procedures controlling the use of open source code could fail, or that the licenses could be construed in a manner that imposes unanticipated conditions or restrictions on us. if any of this were to occur, we could be required to seek alternative third-party licenses at increased costs or reduced scope, to re-engineer products or systems, or potentially to discontinue the licensing of certain products. any remedial actions could divert resources away from our development efforts, be time intensive and have a significant cost.
strategy & market demand risks competition in our industry may cause price reductions or loss of market share we continue to experience intense competition across all markets for our products, with competitors ranging in size from smaller, highly specialized, single-product businesses to multi-billion-dollar companies. while we believe the breadth and depth of our suite of products and applications offer benefits to our clients that are a competitive advantage, our competitors may offer price incentives to attract new business. future competitive pricing pressures may result in decreased sales volumes and price reductions, resulting in lower revenue. weak economic conditions may also result in clients seeking to utilize lower-cost information that is available from alternative sources. the impact of cost-cutting pressures across the industries we serve could lower demand for our products. clients within the financial services industry that strive to reduce their operating costs may seek to reduce their spending on financial market data and related services, such as ours. if our clients consolidate their spending with fewer suppliers, by selecting suppliers with lower-cost offerings or by self-sourcing their needs for financial market data, our business could be negatively affected.
the continued shift from active to passive investing could negatively impact user count growth and revenue the predominant investment strategy today is still active investing, which attempts to outperform the market. the main advantage of active management is the expectation that the investment managers will be able to outperform market indices. they make informed investment decisions based on their experiences, insights, knowledge and ability to identify opportunities that can translate into superior performance. the main advantage of passive investing is that it closely matches the performance of market indices. passive investing requires little decision-making by investment managers and low operating costs which result in lower fees for the investor. a continued shift to passive investing, resulting in an increased outflow to passively managed index funds, could reduce demand for the services of active investment managers and consequently, the demand of our clients for our services.
a decline in equity and/or fixed income returns may impact the buying power of investment management clients approximately 84% of our asv is derived from our investment management clients. the profitability and management fees of these clients are tied to assets under management. an equity market decline not only depresses the value of assets under management but also could cause a significant increase in redemption requests from our clients' customers, further reducing their assets under management. reduced client profits and management fees may cause our clients to cut costs. moreover, extended declines in the equity and fixed income markets may reduce new fund or client creation. each of these developments may result in lower demand from investment managers for our services and workstations, which could negatively affect our business.
uncertainty in the global economy and consolidation in the financial services industry may cause us to lose clients and users many of our clients are investment banks, asset managers, wealth advisors, and other financial services entities. uncertainty in the global economy or a lack of confidence in the global financial system could negatively impact our clients, which could cause a corresponding negative impact on our business results. mergers, consolidation or contraction of our clients in the financial services industry also could directly impact the number of clients and prospective clients and users of our products and services. if our clients merge with or are acquired by other entities that are not our clients, or that use fewer of our products and services, they may discontinue or reduce their use of our products and services. thus, economic uncertainty, lack of confidence table of contents in the global financial system, and consolidation in this sector could adversely affect our business, financial results and future growth.
volatility in the financial markets may delay the spending pattern of clients and reduce future asv growth the decision on the part of large institutional clients to purchase our services often requires management-level sponsorship and typically depends upon the size of the client, with larger clients having more complex and time-consuming purchasing processes. the process is also influenced by market volatility. these characteristics often lead us to engage in relatively lengthy sales efforts. purchases (and incremental asv) may therefore be delayed as uncertainties in the financial markets may cause clients to remain cautious about capital and data content expenditures, particularly in uncertain economic environments. the covid-19 pandemic may increase this risk as it may curtail our client's spending and lead them to delay or defer purchasing decisions or product service implementations, or cause them to cancel or reduce their spending with us, which could negatively impact our revenues and future growth.
failure to develop and market new products and enhancements that maintain our technological and competitive position and failure to anticipate and respond to changes in the marketplace for our products and customer demands the market for our products is characterized by rapid technological change, including methods and speed of delivery, changes in client demands, development of new investment instruments and evolving industry standards. the direction of these trends can render our existing products less competitive, obsolete or unmarketable. as a result, our future success will continue to depend upon our ability to identify and develop new products and enhancements that address the future needs of our target markets and to respond to their changing standards and practices. we may not be successful in developing, introducing, marketing, licensing and implementing new products and enhancements on a timely and cost-effective basis or without impacting the stability and efficiency of existing products and customer systems. further, any new products and enhancements may not adequately meet the requirements of the marketplace or achieve market acceptance. we must make long-term investments and commit significant resources before knowing whether these investments will eventually result in products and services that satisfy our clients' needs and generate revenues required to provide the desired results. our failure or inability to anticipate and respond to changes in the marketplace, including competitor and supplier developments, may also adversely affect our business, operations and growth.
errors or defects can exist at any point in a product's life cycle, but are more frequently found after the introduction of new products or enhancements to existing products. despite internal testing and testing by clients, our products may contain errors. we may also experience delays while developing and introducing new products for various reasons, such as difficulties in licensing data inputs. defects, errors, or delays in our products that are significant, or are perceived to be significant, could result in rejection or delay in market acceptance, damage to our reputation, loss of revenue, lower rate of license renewals or upgrades, diversion of development resources, product liability claims or regulatory actions, or increases in service and support costs.
we have provisions in our client contracts to limit our exposure to potential liability claims brought by clients based on the use of our products or services or our delay or failure to provide services. contracts with customers also increasingly include service level requirements and audits rights to review our security. many of our customers in the financial services sector are also subject to regulations and requirements to adopt risk management processes commensurate with the level of risk and complexity of their third-party relationships, and provide rigorous oversight of relationships that involve certain "critical activities," some of which may be deemed to be provided by us. any failure on our part to comply with the specific provisions in customer contracts could result in the imposition of various penalties, which may include termination of contracts, service credits, suspension of payments, contractual penalties, adverse monetary judgments, and, in the case of government contracts, suspension from future government contracting. even if the outcome of any claims brought against us were ultimately favorable, such a claim would require the time and attention of our management, personnel, as well as financial and other resources and potentially pose a significant disruption to our normal business operations.
failure to identify, integrate, or realize anticipated benefits of acquisitions and strains on resources as a result of growth there can be no assurance that we will be able to identify suitable candidates for successful acquisition at acceptable prices. additionally, there may be integration risks or other risks resulting from acquired businesses. our ability to achieve the expected returns and synergies from past and future acquisitions and alliances depends in part upon our ability to integrate the offerings, technology, sales, administrative functions and personnel of these businesses effectively into our core business. we cannot guarantee that our acquired businesses will perform at the levels anticipated. in addition, past and future acquisitions may subject us to unanticipated risks or liabilities or disrupt operations.
growth, such as the addition of new clients and acquisitions, puts demands on our resources, including our internal systems and infrastructure. these may require improvements or replacement to meet the additional demands of a larger organization. further, the addition of new clients and the implementation of such improvements would require additional management time table of contents and resources. these needs may result in increased costs that could negatively impact results of operations. failure to implement needed improvements, such as improved scalability, could result in a deterioration in the performance of our internal systems and negatively impact the performance of our business.
failure to maintain reputation we enjoy a positive reputation in the marketplace. our ability to attract and retain clients and employees is affected by external perceptions of our brand and reputation. reputational damage from negative perceptions or publicity could affect our ability to attract and retain clients and employees and our ability to maintain our pricing for our products. although we monitor developments for areas of potential risk to our reputation and brand, negative perceptions or publicity could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results.
operational risks failure to enter into, renew or comply with contracts supplying new and existing data sets or products on competitive terms we collect and aggregate third-party content from thousands of data suppliers, news sources, exchanges, brokers and contributors into our own dedicated online service, which clients access to perform their analyses. we combine the data from these sources into our own dedicated databases. clients have access to the data and content found within our databases. these databases are important to our operations as they provide clients with key information. we have entered into third-party content agreements of varying lengths, which in some cases can be terminated on one year's notice at predefined dates, and in other cases on shorter notice. some of our content provider agreements are with competitors, who may attempt to make renewals difficult or expensive. we seek to maintain favorable contractual relationships with our data suppliers, including those that are also competitors. however, we cannot control the actions and policies of our data suppliers and we may have data suppliers who provide us with notice of termination, or exclude or restrict us from use of their content, or only license such content at prohibitive cost. additionally, despite our efforts to comply with our third-party data supplier agreements, there can be no assurances that third parties may not challenge our use of their content, which could result in increased licensing costs, loss of rights, and costly legal actions. certain data sets that we rely on have a limited number of suppliers, although we make every effort to assure that, where reasonable, alternative sources are available. we are not dependent on any one third-party data supplier in order to meet the needs of our clients. no single vendor or data supplier represented more than 10% of our total data costs during fiscal 2020, except for one vendor, which is a supplier of risk models and portfolio optimizer data to factset and represented 11% of our data costs in fiscal 2020. our failure to be able to maintain these relationships, or the failure of our suppliers to deliver accurate data or in a timely manner, or the occurrence of a dispute with a vendor over use of their content, could increase our costs and reduce the type of content and products available to our clients, which could harm our reputation in the marketplace and adversely affect our business.
increased accessibility to free or relatively inexpensive information sources may reduce demand for our products each year, an increasing amount of free or relatively inexpensive information becomes available, particularly through the internet, and this trend may continue. the availability of free or relatively inexpensive information may reduce demand for our products. while we believe our service offering is distinguished by such factors as customization, timeliness, accuracy, ease-of-use, completeness and other value-added factors, if users choose to obtain the information they need from public or other sources, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected.
inability to hire and retain key qualified personnel our business is based on successfully attracting, motivating and retaining talented and diverse employees. creating a diverse and inclusive environment that promotes empowerment and engagement is key to our ability to attract, retain, and develop talent. competition for talent, especially engineering personnel, is strong. we need technical resources such as engineers to help develop new products and enhance existing services. we rely upon sales personnel to sell our products and services and maintain healthy business relationships. our future success also is dependent on the continued service and performance of the members of our senior leadership team. all of these personnel possess business and technical capabilities that are difficult to replace. if we are unsuccessful in our recruiting efforts, or if we are unable to retain key employees, our ability to develop and deliver successful products and services may be adversely affected and could have a material, adverse effect on our business.
operations outside the united states involve additional requirements and burdens that we may not be able to control or manage successfully in fiscal 2020, approximately 41% of our revenue related to operations located outside the u.s. in addition, a significant number of our employees, approximately 76%, are located in offices outside the u.s. we expect our growth to continue outside the u.s., with non-u.s. revenues accounting for an increased portion of our total revenue in the future. our non-u.s. operations involve risks that differ from or are in addition to those faced by our u.s. operations. these risks include difficulties in table of contents developing products, services and technology tailored to the needs of non-u.s. clients, including in emerging markets; different employment laws and rules; rising labor costs in lower-wage countries; difficulties in staffing and managing personnel that are located outside the u.s.; different regulatory, legal and compliance requirements, including in the areas of privacy and data protection, anti-bribery and anti-corruption, trade sanctions and currency controls, marketing and sales and other barriers to conducting business; social and cultural differences, such as language; diverse or less stable political, operating and economic environments and market fluctuations; civil disturbances or other catastrophic events that reduce business activity; limited recognition of our brand and intellectual property protection; differing accounting principles and standards; restrictions on or adverse tax consequences from entity management efforts; and changes in u.s. or foreign tax laws. if we are not able to adapt efficiently or manage the business effectively in markets outside the u.s., our business prospects and operating results could be materially and adversely affected.
the current covid-19 pandemic and other global public health epidemics may adversely impact our business, our future results of operations and our overall financial performance our business could be materially and adversely affected by the risk, or the public perception of risk, related to a pandemic or widespread health crisis, such as the current covid-19 pandemic. a significant outbreak, epidemic or pandemic of contagious diseases in the human population could result in a widespread health crisis adversely affecting the broader economies, financial markets and overall demand for our products. in addition, any preventative or protective actions that governments implement or that we take in respect of a global health crisis such as covid-19, such as travel restrictions, quarantines or site closures, may interfere with the ability of our employees, vendors, and data suppliers to perform their respective responsibilities and obligations relative to the conduct of our business, including our ability to gather content. such results could have a material adverse effect on our operations, business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows.
our operations have been affected by a range of external factors related to the covid-19 pandemic that are not within our control. for example, many jurisdictions have imposed a wide range of restrictions on the physical movement of our employees and vendors to limit the spread of covid-19. if the covid-19 pandemic has a substantial impact on our employees' or vendors' attendance or productivity, our operations, including our ability to gather content, may suffer, and in turn our results of operations and overall financial performance may be impacted. furthermore, if our employees incur substantial medical expenses due to covid-19, our expenses may increase due to our self-funded employee medical insurance model. our management is focused on mitigating the effects of covid-19 on our business, which has required and will continue to require a substantial investment of their time and may delay their other efforts. the impact of covid-19, and the volatile regional and global economic conditions stemming from the pandemic, may also increase the severity or likelihood of the other risks described in this item, any of which could have a material effect on us.
we closely monitor the impact of the covid-19 pandemic and continually assess its potential effects on our business. given the dynamic nature of these circumstances, the full impact of the covid-19 pandemic cannot be reasonably estimated at this time. the extent to which our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows are affected by covid-19 will depend in part on future developments which cannot be accurately predicted and are uncertain, as there are no comparable recent events that provide guidance as to the potential effect of the spread of a global pandemic. the impact of the covid-19 pandemic depends upon various uncertainties, including the ultimate geographic spread of the virus, the severity of the virus, the duration of the outbreak, and actions that may be taken by governmental authorities to contain the virus. this situation is changing continually, and additional effects may arise that we are not presently aware of or that we currently do not consider to be significant risks to our operations. if we are not able to respond to and manage the impact of such events effectively, our business and financial condition could be negatively impacted. refer to management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - covid-19 update for additional information.
legal & regulatory risks legislative and regulatory changes in the environments in which we and our clients operate as a business, we are subject to numerous laws and regulations in the u.s. and in the other countries in which we operate. these laws, rules, and regulations, and their interpretations, may change in the future or conflict, and compliance with these changes may increase our costs or cause us to make changes in or otherwise limit our business practices. in addition, the global nature and scope of our business operations make it more difficult to monitor areas that may be subject to regulatory and compliance risk. if we fail to comply with any applicable law, rule, or regulation, we could be subject to claims and fines and suffer reputational damage. uncertainty caused by political change globally, and complex relationships across countries, including the u.s. and nations in europe and asia, heightens the risk of regulatory uncertainty.
many of our clients operate within a highly regulated environment and must comply with governmental legislation and regulations. the u.s. regulators have increased their focus on the regulation of the financial services industry. increased regulation of our clients may increase their expenses, causing them to seek to limit or reduce their costs from outside services table of contents such as ours. additionally, if our clients are subjected to investigations or legal proceedings they may be adversely impacted, possibly leading to their liquidation, bankruptcy, receivership, reduction in assets under management, or diminished operations, which would adversely affect our revenue. recent regulatory changes that we believe might materially impact us and our clients include:
mifid in the european union, the new version of the markets in financial instruments directive (recast), also known as "mifid ii" became effective in january 2018. mifid ii built upon many of the initiatives introduced through mifid and is intended to help improve the functioning of the european union single market by achieving a greater consistency of regulatory standards. mifid originally became effective in 2007. we believe that compliance with mifid ii requirements is time-consuming and costly for the investment managers who are subject to it and will cause clients to adapt their pricing models and business practices significantly. these increased costs may impact our clients' spending and may cause some investment managers to lose business or withdraw from the market, which may adversely affect demand for our services. however, mifid ii may also present us with new business opportunities for new service offerings. we continue to monitor the impact of mifid ii on the investment process and trade lifecycle. we also continue to review the application of key mifid ii requirements and plan to work with our clients to navigate through them.
brexit on january 31, 2020, the united kingdom formally left the european union when the uk-eu withdrawal agreement became effective. under the withdrawal agreement, a transition period began and will run until december 31, 2020 (but could be extended). the uk and the eu are currently in the process of negotiating a uk-eu free trade deal and the terms of their future relationship, but have so far not been able to finalize their future arrangement. the deadline for these negotiations is the expiry of the transition period and the uk government has made it clear that it will not ask to extend the transition period. at this time, we cannot predict the impact that the future uk-eu arrangements will have on our business and our clients, as it will depend on the longer-term outcome of tariff, trade, regulatory and other negotiations. although the results of these negotiations are currently unknown, it is possible that new terms may adversely affect our operations and financial results. while we evaluate our own risks and uncertainty related to brexit, we continue to partner with our clients to help them navigate the fluctuating international markets. this uncertainty may have an impact on our clients' expansion or spending plans, which may in turn negatively impact our revenue or growth.
adverse resolution of litigation or governmental investigations we are party to lawsuits in the normal course of our business. litigation and governmental investigations can be expensive, lengthy and disruptive to normal business operations. moreover, the results of complex legal proceedings are difficult to predict. unfavorable resolution of lawsuits could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results or financial condition. for additional information regarding legal matters, see item 3. legal proceedings, of this annual report on form 10-k.
third parties may claim we infringe upon their intellectual property rights or may infringe upon our intellectual property rights we may receive notice from others claiming that we have infringed upon their intellectual property rights. responding to these claims may require us to enter into royalty and licensing agreements on unfavorable terms, incur litigation costs, enter into settlements, stop selling or redesign affected products, or pay damages and satisfy indemnification commitments with our clients or suppliers under contractual provisions of various license arrangements. additionally, third parties may copy, infringe or otherwise profit from the unauthorized use of our intellectual property rights, requiring us to litigate to protect our rights. certain countries may not offer adequate protection of proprietary rights. if we are required to defend ourselves or assert our rights or take such actions mentioned, our operating margins may decline as a result. we have incurred, and expect to continue to incur, expenditures to acquire the use of technology and intellectual property rights as part of our strategy to manage this risk.
additional cost due to tax assessments resulting from ongoing and future audits by tax authorities as well as changes in tax laws in the ordinary course of business, we are subject to changes in tax laws as well as tax examinations by various governmental tax authorities. the global and diverse nature of our business means that there could be additional examinations by governmental tax authorities and the resolution of ongoing and other probable audits which could impose a future risk to the results of our business. in august 2019, we received a notice of intent to assess (the "notice") additional sales taxes, interest and underpayment penalties from the commonwealth of massachusetts department of revenue relating to prior tax periods. the notice follows factset's previously disclosed response to a letter from the commonwealth requesting additional sales table of contents information. based upon a preliminary review of the notice, we believe the commonwealth may assess sales tax, interest and underpayment penalties on previously recorded sales transactions. we intend to contest any such assessment, if assessed, and continue to cooperate with the commonwealth's inquiry. due to uncertainty surrounding the assessment process, we are unable to reasonably estimate the ultimate outcome of this matter and, as such, have not recorded a liability as of august 31, 2020. we believe that we ultimately will prevail if we are presented with a formal assessment; however, if we do not prevail, the amount could have a material impact on our consolidated financial position, cash flows and results of operations.
changes in tax laws or the terms of tax treaties in a jurisdiction where we are subject to tax could increase our taxes payable. on december 22, 2017, the u.s. tax cuts and jobs act, ("tcja") was signed into law. the tcja enacted broad changes to the u.s. internal revenue code, including reducing the federal corporate income tax rate from 35% to 21%, among many other complex provisions. the ultimate impact of such tax reform may differ from our current estimate due to changes in interpretations and assumptions made by us, as well as the issuance of further regulations or guidance, or further legislative changes to the u.s. internal revenue code.
financial market risks exposure to fluctuations in currency exchange rates and the failure of hedging arrangements due to the global nature of our operations, we conduct business outside the u.s. in several currencies including the british pound sterling, euro, indian rupee, and philippine peso. to the extent our international activities increase in the future, our exposure to fluctuations in currency exchange rates may increase as well. to manage this exposure, we utilize derivative instruments (such as foreign currency forward contracts). by their nature, all derivative instruments involve elements of market and credit risk. the market risk associated with these instruments resulting from currency exchange movements is expected to offset the market risk of the underlying transactions, assets and liabilities being hedged. credit risk is managed through the continuous monitoring of exposure to the counterparties associated with these instruments. our primary objective in holding derivatives is to reduce the volatility of earnings with changes in foreign currency. although we believe that our foreign exchange hedging policies are reasonable and prudent under the circumstances, our attempt to hedge against these risks may not be successful, which could cause an adverse impact on our results of operations.
business performance may not be sufficient to meet financial guidance or publicly disclosed long-term targets we provide public, full-year financial guidance based upon assumptions regarding our expected financial performance, including our ability to grow revenue and organic asv plus professional services, to meet our planned expenses and maintain a certain tax rate, and our ability to achieve our profitability targets. we can provide no assurances that we will be able to maintain the levels of growth and profitability that we have experienced in the past, or that our growth strategies will be successful. if we are unable to successfully execute on our strategies to achieve our growth objectives and retain our existing clients, or if we experience higher than expected operating costs or taxes, we risk not meeting our full-year financial guidance or may find it necessary to revise such guidance during the year.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations this management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes included in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data, of this annual report on form 10-k. for a similar detailed discussion comparing fiscal 2019 and 2018, refer to item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations within the company's annual report on form 10-k for the year ended august 31, 2019. this discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. our actual results could differ materially from those discussed below. factors that could cause such differences include, but are not limited to, those identified below and those discussed in item 1a. risk factors of this annual report on form 10-k.
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations ("md&a") is designed to provide a reader of our financial statements with a narrative from the perspective of our management on our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and certain other factors that may affect our future results. our md&a is presented in the following sections:
•executive overview
•key metrics
•results of operations
•liquidity and capital resources
•off-balance sheet arrangements
•foreign currency
•critical accounting policies and estimates
•new accounting pronouncements executive overview factset is a global provider of integrated financial information, analytical applications and industry-leading services for the investment and corporate communities. for over 40 years, global financial professionals have utilized our content and multi-asset class solutions across each stage of the investment process. our goal is to provide a seamless user experience spanning idea generation, research, portfolio construction and analysis, trade execution, performance measurement, risk management, and reporting, in which we serve the front, middle, and back offices to drive productivity and improved performance. our flexible, open data and technology solutions can be implemented both across the investment portfolio lifecycle or as standalone components serving different workflows in the organization. we are focused on growing our business through three segments: the americas, emea and asia pacific. within each of our segments, we primarily deliver insight and information through our four workflow solutions of research, analytics and trading, cts and wealth.
we currently serve a wide range of financial professionals, which include but are not limited to, portfolio managers, investment research professionals, investment bankers, risk and performance analysts, wealth advisors, and corporate clients. we provide both insights on global market trends and intelligence on companies and industries, as well as capabilities to monitor portfolio risk and performance and execute trades. we combine dedicated client service with open and flexible technology offerings, such as a configurable desktop and mobile platform, comprehensive data feeds, an open marketplace, digital portals and apis. our revenue is primarily derived from subscriptions to products and services such as workstations, portfolio analytics, enterprise data, and research management.
business strategy current technology trends are leading to a greater demand to deliver a fully digital and integrated client experience. to take advantage of these developments we have focused our innovations and strategic investments in cloud computing, data lakes, apis and our hosted proprietary data and analytics platform to provide real-time, predictive business intelligence for a seamless client experience. we continue to expand our broad financial content to provide support for our clients' most sophisticated investment strategies including enhanced data in private markets, industry specific deep sector and esg. as a premier financial solutions provider for the global financial community, we provide workflow solutions and leading analytical applications, powered by cognitive capabilities and robust technology, across the investment portfolio lifecycle. we bring the front, middle and back offices together to drive productivity and performance at every step of the investment process using our open and scalable solutions. our strategy is focused on growing our business in each of our three segments: the americas, emea, and table of contents asia pacific. we believe this geographical strategic alignment helps us better manage our resources. to execute on our business strategy of broad-based growth across each geographical segment, we continue to look at ways to create value for our clients by offering data, products and analytical applications within our four workflow solutions of research, analytics and trading, cts and wealth.
fiscal 2020 year in review revenue for the fiscal year 2020 was $1.49 billion, an increase of 4.1% from the prior year. this increase was due to growth across all our operating segments, primarily in the americas, followed by emea and asia pacific, supported by increased revenue from each of our workflow solutions, mainly in analytics and trading, followed by cts and wealth. revenue also increased due to the benefit from our annual price increase. the revenue growth of 4.1% was fully attributed to organic revenue growth, which excludes the effects of acquisitions and dispositions completed in the last 12 months, changes in foreign currency rates in all periods presented and the deferred revenue fair value adjustments from purchase accounting (refer to results of operations, non-gaap financial measures in this md&a for further discussion on organic revenue). as of august 31, 2020, organic annual subscription value ("organic asv") plus professional services totaled $1.56 billion, an increase of 5.3% over the prior year.
operating income increased by 0.4% and diluted earnings per share ("eps") increased 6.3% compared to the prior year. this increase in operating income and eps was primarily driven by revenue growth of 4.1%, a decrease in non-compensatory employee related expenses and a reduction in bad debt expense. this increase was partially offset by higher spend in employee compensation, including stock-based compensation, increased computer-related expenses, the impairment of an investment and increased professional fees on a year-over-year basis. additionally, eps benefited from a reduction in the income tax provision, interest expense and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, compared to the prior year period.
our clients and users reached new highs of 5,875 and 133,051, respectively, in fiscal 2020. over the last 12 months, we returned $310.1 million to stockholders in the form of share repurchases and dividends.
as of august 31, 2020, our employee count was 10,484, up 8.3% in the past 12 months, due primarily to an increase in net new employees of 9.8% in asia pacific, 6.4% in emea, and 5.4% in the americas. of our total employees, as of august 31, 2020, 6,643 were located in asia pacific, 2,477 were located in the americas and 1,364 were located in emea. our centers of excellence, located in india and the philippines, primarily focus on content collection that benefit all our segments.
factset garnered many awards in 2020, with honors covering every aspect of the company's business. highlights include: buy-side market risk management product of the year from the risk.net markets technology awards; best ems from the markets media markets choice awards; best client reporting solution from the ftf news technology innovation awards; best technology provider, client portals, from the wealthmanagement.com awards; and various awards including best data provider to the buy-side, best data provider to the sell-side, and best buy-side data analytics tool organized by waters technology.
client service / customer success an important part of our comprehensive value to clients is our customer success team, a versatile group of business-people with knowledge of financial markets and factset's solutions. customer success managers work closely with our clients, advising them on how factset's solutions can best be leveraged to enhance efficiency across workflows. additionally, our information and analytical applications are supported by a team of financial data and modeling experts, who take a consultative approach to fully understand our clients' challenges and advise them on how factset solutions can best be tailored and leveraged to meet each client's unique objectives and strategies.
a client-centric approach is foundational to the company's ongoing achievements. client satisfaction is therefore critical to how we measure the success our success. according to our global client satisfaction survey, greater than 93% of respondents were satisfied or very satisfied with factset's support. we believe that these strong relationships help ensure continued high rates of retention and account expansion.
covid-19 update a novel strain of coronavirus, now known as covid-19 ("covid-19"), was first reported in december 2019, and it has since extensively impacted the global health and economic environment, with the world health organization characterizing covid-19 as a pandemic on march 11, 2020. the covid-19 virus has spread to nearly all regions in the world, creating significant uncertainties and disruption in the global economy.
table of contents we closely monitor pandemic-related developments, and our highest priority is the health and safety of our employees, clients, vendors and stakeholders. we have taken, and continue to take, numerous steps to address the covid-19 pandemic. we have implemented a business continuity plan with a dedicated incident management team to respond quickly and effectively to changes in our environment to continue offering our clients uninterrupted products, services and support while also protecting our employees. we will continue to coordinate our covid-19 response based on guidance from global health organizations, relevant governments and pandemic response best practices.
we have required the vast majority of our employees at our offices across the globe (including our corporate headquarters) to work remotely on a temporary basis and have implemented global travel restrictions for our employees. nearly all our employees are currently working remotely. we believe our transition to remote working has been successful and has not significantly affected our financial results for the fiscal year ended august 31, 2020.
we are planning to re-open many of our offices during fiscal 2021, utilizing a three-phased approach to provide flexibility for employees with a focus on social distancing and safety. our offices will not re-open until local authorities permit us to do so and our own criteria and conditions to ensure employee health and safety are satisfied. there can be no assurances as to when we re-open our offices or that there will be no negative impacts arising from the return to the office environment.
as of august 31, 2020, there have been minimal interruptions in our ability to provide our products, services and support to our clients. working remotely has had relatively little impact on the productivity of our employees, including our ability to gather content. we continue to work closely with our clients to provide consistent access to our products and services and have remained flexible to achieve client priorities as many implement their own contingency plans. we have increased our support desk resources to manage increased volumes and have extended additional web ids to our clients in need of immediate remote access to financial data.
we have not observed any significant client loss, deterioration in the collectability of receivables, reduction in liquidity, or decline in subscription renewal rates as a result of the covid-19 pandemic. our revenue, earnings, and asv are relatively stable and predictable as a result of our subscription-based business model. to date, we have not seen the covid-19 pandemic having a material impact on our revenue or asv, although we anticipate that there may be some level of revenue and asv weakness going forward due to longer sales cycles and lower incremental client billings. the covid-19 pandemic could curtail our clients' spending and lead them to delay or defer purchasing decisions or product and service implementations or may cause them to cancel or reduce their spending with us. in determining the possible revenue and asv impact from the covid-19 pandemic, we consider the potential delay in decision making causing longer sales cycles (or conversely delayed cancellations from clients); implementation risk due to restrictions on being able to work onsite at our clients' facilities; and possible reduced seasonal hiring at investment banks, which are some of our largest clients, over the summer months.
we have incurred, and expect to continue to incur, additional expenses in response to the covid-19 pandemic, including costs to enable our employees to support our clients while working remotely. these additional expenses were not material to our fiscal 2020 results, and reductions in discretionary spending, particularly travel and entertainment, have more than offset these increased expenses. we believe that implementing additional cost reduction efforts will help us mitigate the impact that any reduced revenues may have on our future operating income. we may consider reducing expenses further through such methods as reduction of discretionary spending, including travel and entertainment; tighter management of headcount spending; and reduction in variable third-party content costs in a manner consistent with client demand.
on march 27, 2020, the coronavirus aid, relief, and economic security ("cares") act was signed into law to address the economic impact of the covid-19 pandemic. we continue to monitor any effects that may result from the cares act and other similar legislation or actions in geographies in which our business operates.
refer to item 1a. risk factors of this annual report on form 10-k for further discussion of the potential impact of the covid-19 pandemic on our business.
table of contents key metrics the table below provides a reconciliation of asv to organic asv:
as of august 31,
(in millions)                            2020   2019                                change asv(1)                           $1,539.2                      $1,458.0
currency impact to asv              (4.7)                             -
organic asv                      $1,534.5                      $1,458.0           5.2   %
(1)asv at any given point in time represents the forward-looking revenue for the next 12 months from all subscription services currently being supplied to clients and excludes professional service fees, which are not subscription-based.
organic asv growth as of august 31, 2020, our organic asv totaled $1.53 billion, up 5.2% over the prior year comparable period. with proper notice provided to us, our clients can add to, delete portions of, or terminate service, subject to certain contractual limitations.
the increase in year-over-year organic asv was due to growth across all of our geographic segments from increased sales of products and solutions to new and existing clients. the majority of the organic asv increase related to increased sales in the americas, followed by increased sales in emea and asia pacific, as well as the benefit from our annual price increase, partially offset by cancellations. the increase in organic asv was due to growth in all our workflow solutions, driven mainly by an increase in analytics and trading, followed by cts and wealth. the organic asv increase in analytics and trading was mainly due to increased sales for our risk management and portfolio reporting solutions. the increase in organic asv from cts was primarily driven by increased sales in premium and core data feeds, while the organic asv increase in wealth was mainly due to increased traditional and web-based workstation sales.
as of august 31, 2020, organic asv plus professional services was $1.56 billion, an increase of 5.3% compared to the prior year period. the professional service fees were $25.0 million and $22.9 million as of august 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
segment asv as of august 31, 2020, asv from the americas was $956.6 million, an increase of 5.2% from the prior year period. this increase was primarily due to increased sales from analytics and trading and cts, as well as the benefit from our annual price increase, partially offset by cancellations.
asv from emea was $426.0 million as of august 31, 2020, an increase of 5.7% compared to the prior year period. the asv increase in emea was primarily driven by analytics and trading and cts and the benefit from our annual price increase, partially offset by cancellations.
asia pacific asv was $156.5 million as of august 31, 2020, an increase of 7.6% compared to the prior year period. asv increased in asia pacific mainly due to analytics and trading and cts, as well as the benefit from our annual price increase, partially offset by cancellations.
combined emea and asia pacific asv represented 37.8% of total asv as of august 31, 2020, up from 37.6% in the prior year period.
buy-side and sell-side asv growth buy-side and sell-side asv growth rates for the last 12 months were 5.4% and 4.6%, respectively. buy-side clients account for approximately 84% of organic asv, and primarily include portfolio managers, analysts, traders, wealth managers, performance teams and risk and compliance teams at a variety of firms, such as traditional asset managers, wealth advisors, corporations, hedge funds, insurance companies, plan sponsors and fund of funds. the remaining portion of our organic asv is derived from sell-side clients, primarily including investment bankers, private equity and research analysts.
table of contents client and user additions as of and for the year ended august 31,
2020                                      2019         change clients            5,875            5,574            5.4   %
users            133,051          126,822            4.9   %
our total client count was 5,875 as of august 31, 2020, representing a net increase of 301 or 5.4% in the last 12 months. the net increase was primarily driven by an increase in corporate and wealth management clients, partially offset by institutional asset management clients. as part of our long-term growth strategy, we continue to focus on expanding and cultivating relationships with our existing client base through sales of workstations, applications, services and content.
as of august 31, 2020, there were 133,051 professionals using factset, representing a net increase of 6,229 or 4.9% in the last 12 months, primarily driven by wealth management and corporate professionals.
annual client retention was greater than 95% of asv for the period ended august 31, 2020 and august 31, 2019. when expressed as a percentage of clients, annual retention increased to approximately 90% for the period ended august 31, 2020, compared to approximately 89% for the period ended august 31, 2019. as of august 31, 2020, our largest individual client accounted for approximately 3% of our total subscriptions, and annual subscriptions from our ten largest clients did not surpass 15% of our total client subscriptions.
returning value to stockholders on august 14, 2020, our board of directors approved a regular quarterly dividend of $0.77 per share. the cash dividend of $29.1 million was paid on september 17, 2020 to common stockholders of record at the close of business on august 31, 2020. we repurchased 0.7 million shares of common stock for $199.6 million during fiscal 2020 under our existing share repurchase program. over the last 12 months, we returned $310.1 million to stockholders in the form of share repurchases and dividends.
on march 24, 2020, our board of directors approved a $220.0 million increase to the existing share repurchase program. as a result of this expansion, $259.0 million is available for future share repurchases as of august 31, 2020.
capital expenditures capital expenditures as of august 31, 2020 were $77.6 million, compared to $59.4 million a year ago. capital expenditures of $43.6 million, or 56% of our total capital expenditures, were related to facilities investments, primarily for the build-out of our new corporate headquarters in norwalk, connecticut, as well as new office space in india and the philippines. the remainder of our capital expenditures included $17.0 million of investments in technology primarily in norwalk, connecticut, as well as in india and the philippines and $17.0 million in development costs related to internal-use software.
results of operations for an understanding of the significant factors that influenced our performance during fiscal 2020 and 2019, the following discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes included in item 8. of this annual report on form 10-k.
table of contents the following table summarizes the results of operations for the periods described:
years ended august 31,
(in thousands, except per share data)        2020                          2019                                      $ change                % change revenue                                                  $1,494,111                          $1,435,351          $58,760                     4.1    %
cost of services                                           $695,446                            $663,446          $32,000                     4.8    %
selling, general and administrative                        $359,005                            $333,870          $25,135                     7.5    %
operating income                                           $439,660                            $438,035           $1,625                     0.4    %
net income                                                 $372,938                            $352,790          $20,148                     5.7    %
diluted earnings per common share                             $9.65                               $9.08            $0.57                     6.3    %
diluted weighted average common shares                       38,646                              38,873
revenue revenue in fiscal 2020 was $1.49 billion, an increase of 4.1% compared to the prior year. the increase in revenue was driven primarily by the americas, followed by emea and asia pacific. this increase in segment revenue was supported by increased revenue across all our workflow solutions, most notably by analytics and trading, followed by cts and wealth, as well as the benefit from our annual price increase and lower cancellations as compared to the prior year. the revenue growth of 4.1% for fiscal 2020 compared to the prior year period was reflective of organic revenue growth of 4.0% and a 10 basis point increase from deferred revenue fair value adjustments from purchase accounting. (refer to item 7. results of operations, non-gaap financial measures in the md&a of this annual report on form 10-k for further discussion on organic revenue).
revenue by operating segment
(in thousands)                                                      years ended august 31,
2020                                2019
americas                                 $929,444                            $894,554
% of revenue                                 62.2    %                           62.3    %
emea                                     $422,203                            $408,084
% of revenue                                 28.3    %                           28.5    %
asia pacific                             $142,464                            $132,713
% of revenue                                  9.5    %                            9.2    %
consolidated revenue                   $1,494,111                          $1,435,351
revenues from our americas segment increased 3.9% to $929.4 million in fiscal 2020 compared to $894.6 million in fiscal 2019. this increase was primarily due to increased sales of products and solutions, particularly in analytics and trading and cts, the benefit from our annual price increase for the majority of our americas segment clients and a reduction in cancellations on a year-over-year basis. the revenue growth of 3.9% is fully attributed to organic revenue growth. revenues from our americas operations accounted for 62% of our consolidated revenue during fiscal 2020, which is consistent with the prior year period.
emea revenues increased 3.5% to $422.2 million in fiscal 2020 compared to $408.1 million in fiscal 2019. this increase was primarily driven by increased sales of products and solutions, particularly in analytics and trading, the benefit from our annual price increase for the majority of our emea clients and a reduction in cancellations on a year-over-year basis. the revenue growth of 3.5% for fiscal 2020 compared to the prior year period was reflective of organic revenue growth of 3.2%, a 10 basis point increase from foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations and a 20 basis point increase from deferred revenue fair value adjustments from purchase accounting.
asia pacific revenues increased 7.3% to $142.5 million during fiscal 2020, compared with $132.7 million in fiscal 2019. this increase was due mainly to increased sales of products and solutions, primarily in analytics and trading, the benefit from our annual price increase for the majority of our asia pacific clients and a reduction in cancellations on a year-over-year basis. the revenue growth of 7.3% for fiscal 2020 compared to the prior year period was reflective of organic revenue growth of 7.2% and a 10 basis point increase from foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations.
table of contents revenue by workflow solution the revenue growth of 4.1% across our operating segments for fiscal 2020 compared to the prior year period was primarily driven by analytics and trading, followed by cts and wealth, as well as the benefit from our annual price increase and a reduction in cancellations on a year-over-year basis. revenue growth from analytics and trading was primarily due to increased demand for our risk management, portfolio analytics and reporting solutions. the growth in cts was driven mainly by increased sales of core and premium data feeds. revenue growth from wealth was driven mainly by to higher sales of our traditional and web-based workstation product. offsetting these positive growth factors were cancellations resulting from continued industry-wide cost pressures and firm consolidations.
operating expenses
(in thousands)                                                                                  years ended august 31,
2020                                                                                           2019                          $ change                      % change cost of services                                                       $695,446                          $663,446                         $32,000                  4.8   %
selling, general and administrative ("sg&amp;a")                        359,005                           333,870                         $25,135                  7.5   %
total operating expenses                                             $1,054,451                          $997,316                         $57,135                  5.7   %
operating income                                                       $439,660                          $438,035                          $1,625                  0.4   %
operating margin                                                           29.4    %                         30.5    %
cost of services cost of services increased 4.8% to $695.4 million in fiscal 2020 compared to $663.4 in fiscal 2019. this increase was primarily due to an increase in computer-related expenses and employee compensation costs, including stock-based compensation.
cost of services, expressed as a percentage of revenue, was 46.5% during fiscal 2020, an increase of 30 basis points over the prior year period. this cost of service increase was primarily due to higher computer-related expenses, partially offset by a reduction in employee compensation costs and data costs, when expressed as a percentage of revenue. computer-related expenses increased 150 basis points, primarily driven by increased technology investments, including cloud-based hosting and licensed software arrangements. employee compensation costs decreased 60 basis points due mainly to higher capitalization of compensation costs related to development of our internal-use software projects, as well as a shift in headcount distribution from higher to lower cost locations. this employee compensation expense decrease was partially offset by higher annual base salaries, a net increase in employee headcount of 803 employees, with the majority of the compensation from new employee headcount included in cost of services, and higher vacation accrual expense. data costs decreased 40 basis points primarily due to our efforts to control our data cost spend.
selling, general and administrative selling, general and administrative ("sg&a") expenses increased 7.5% to $359.0 million during fiscal 2020 compared to $333.9 million in fiscal 2019. this increase was primarily due to an impairment on an investment in a company, an increase in employee compensation costs, and professional fees, partially offset by a decrease in non-compensatory employee related expenses and bad debt expense.
sg&a expenses, expressed as a percentage of revenue, were 24.0% in fiscal 2020, an increase of 80 basis points over the prior year period. this sg&a increase was primarily due to an impairment on an investment in a company, an increase in professional fees and higher employee compensation costs, partially offset by a reduction in non-compensatory employee related expenses and bad debt expense. the investment impairment recorded to reflect the estimated fair value of an investment in a company resulted in a 110 basis point increase. professional fees increased 60 basis points primarily to support our technology plan and business transformation activities. employee compensation costs increased 40 basis point primarily driven by higher annual base salaries, a net increase in employee headcount, higher variable compensation accrual and higher vacation accrual expense. non-compensatory employee related expenses, inclusive of travel, entertainment and office expenses, table of contents decreased 110 basis points, mainly due to restrictions and impacts related to the covid-19 pandemic, partially offset by increased technology investments to support remote work arrangements. bad debt expense decreased 70 basis points.
operating income and operating margin operating income increased 0.4% to $439.7 million in fiscal 2020 compared to $438.0 million in fiscal 2019. operating income increased primarily due to revenue growth, inclusive of our annual price increase, a reduction in non-compensatory employee related expenses and a decrease in bad debt expense, partially offset by an increase in computer-related expenses, an impairment of an investment in a company, employee compensation costs, including stock-based compensation, and professional fees. operating income was positively impacted by movements in foreign currency exchange rates on a year-over-year basis. our operating margin decreased in fiscal 2020 to 29.4%, compared to 30.5% for fiscal 2019. operating margin decreased primarily due to the impact from an investment impairment, higher computer-related expenses and an increase in professional fees, partially offset by a decrease in non-compensatory employee related expenses, a reduction in bad debt expense and lower data costs, when expressed as a percentage of revenue.
segment information reportable segments our operating segments are aligned with how we manage the business, the geographic markets we serve, and how our codm, the company's chief executive officer, assesses performance. our internal financial reporting structure is based on three reportable segments, the americas, emea and asia pacific. within each of our segments, we primarily deliver insight and information through our four workflow solutions of research, analytics and trading, cts and wealth.
each segment records compensation expense (including stock-based compensation), depreciation of furniture and fixtures, amortization of lease rou assets, leasehold improvements and intangible assets, as well as communication costs, professional fees, rent expense, travel, office and other direct expenses. expenditures associated with our data centers, third-party data costs and corporate headquarters charges are recorded by the americas segment and are not allocated to the other segments. the content collection centers, located in india, the philippines, and latvia, benefit all our operating segments, and thus the expenses incurred at these locations are allocated to each segment based on a percentage of revenue. refer to note 18, segment information in the notes to the company's consolidated financial statements included in item 8. of this annual report on form 10-k for financial information, including revenues, operating income and long-lived assets for each of our segments.
operating income by segment years ended august 31,
(in thousands)                2020                        2019                                      $ change                % change americas                                  $168,909                          $179,374          $(10,465)                   (5.8)    %
emea                                       179,831                           179,258               $573                     0.3    %
asia pacific                                90,920                            79,403            $11,517                    14.5    %
total operating income                    $439,660                          $438,035             $1,625                     0.4    %
americas operating income decreased 5.8% to $168.9 million during fiscal 2020 compared to $179.4 million a year ago. the decrease in americas operating income was primarily due to an increase in computer-related expenses, an impairment of an investment in a company and higher professional fees, partially offset by revenue growth of 3.9%, inclusive of our annual price increase, a decrease in bad debt expense and a reduction in non-compensatory employee related expenses.
table of contents computer-related expenses increased primarily due to increased technology investments including cloud-based hosting and licensed software arrangements. an investment impairment was recorded to reflect the estimated fair value of an investment in a company. professional fees increased primarily to support our technology plan and business transformation activities. non-compensatory employee related expenses, inclusive of travel, entertainment and office expenses, decreased mainly due to restrictions and impacts related to the covid-19 pandemic, partially offset by increased technology investments to support remote work arrangements.
emea operating income increased 0.3% to $179.8 million during fiscal 2020, compared to $179.3 million a year ago. the increase in emea operating income was primarily due to revenue growth of 3.5%, inclusive of our annual price increase, a decrease in bad debt expense and a reduction in non-compensatory employee related expenses, partially offset by an increase in employee compensation costs. operating income was positively impacted by movements in foreign currency exchange rates on a year-over-year basis. non-compensatory employee related expenses, inclusive of travel, entertainment and office expenses, decreased, mainly due to restrictions and impacts related to the covid-19 pandemic, partially offset by investment in technology to allow employees to work from home. employee compensation increased primarily due to a net increase in employee headcount of 6.4% over the past 12 months, annual base salary increases year-over-year, higher variable compensation accrual and higher vacation accrual expense.
asia pacific operating income increased 14.5% to $90.9 million during fiscal 2020, compared to $79.4 million a year ago. the increase in asia pacific operating income was mainly due to revenue growth of 7.3%, inclusive of our annual price increase, and a reduction in non-compensatory employee related expenses, partially offset by an increase in employee compensation costs and occupancy costs. operating income was negatively impacted by movements in foreign currency exchange rates on a year-over-year basis. non-compensatory employee related expenses, inclusive of travel, entertainment and office expenses, decreased, mainly due to restrictions and impacts related to the covid-19 pandemic, partially offset by investment in technology to allow employees to work from home. employee compensation increased mainly due to a 9.8% increase in our asia pacific workforce in the last 12 months and annual base salary increases year-over-year. occupancy costs increased mainly due to an increase in facility costs in the philippines.
income taxes, net income and diluted earnings per share years ended august 31,
(in thousands)                            2020                        2019                              $ change                          % change provision for income taxes                             $54,196                           $69,175        $(14,979)                      (21.7)    %
net income                                            $372,938                          $352,790        $20,148                           5.7    %
diluted earnings per common share                        $9.65                             $9.08        $0.57                             6.3    %
income taxes the fiscal 2020 provision for income taxes was $54.2 million, compared to $69.2 million in fiscal 2019, a decrease of 21.7%. the decrease was primarily due to a lower effective tax rate in fiscal 2020 compared to the prior year period, driven mainly by higher research and development ("r&d") tax credits and a higher foreign derived intangible income ("fdii") deduction. the decrease was also driven by a reduction from finalizing prior year tax returns, which resulted in a benefit of $3.7 million in fiscal 2020 compared to an increase to the provision of $7.7 million in fiscal 2019. additionally, the decrease in the provision was attributed to $1.9 million in higher windfall tax benefits from stock-based compensation for fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019, partially offset by a $3.4 million income tax benefit from the revision of the one-time transition tax permitted by the tcja recognized during fiscal 2019.
net income and diluted earnings per share net income increased 5.7% to $372.9 million during fiscal 2020 compared to $352.8 million in fiscal 2019. diluted earnings per share increased 6.3% to $9.65 in fiscal 2020 compared to $9.08 in fiscal 2019. net income and diluted eps increased primarily due to a lower income tax provision, a reduction in interest expense associated with our outstanding debt and higher operating income, partially offset by foreign currency losses. interest expense decreased compared to the prior year period, primarily due to a reduction in the libor rate. diluted eps also benefited from a 0.2 million share reduction in our diluted weighted average shares outstanding, compared to the same period a year ago, mainly due to share repurchases, partially offset by the impact from stock options issued.
non-gaap financial measures to supplement the financial measures prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the united states ("gaap"), we use non-gaap financial measures including organic revenue, adjusted operating margin, adjusted net table of contents income and adjusted diluted earnings per share. the reconciliations of these non-gaap financial measures to the most directly comparable financial measures calculated and presented in accordance with gaap are show in the tables below. these non-gaap financial measures should not be considered in isolation from, as a substitute for, or superior to, financial measures reported in accordance with gaap. moreover, these non-gaap financial measures have limitations in that they do not reflect all the items associated with the operations of the business as determined in accordance with gaap. other companies may calculate similarly titled non-gaap financial measures differently that we do, limiting the usefulness of those measures for comparative purposes.
despite the limitations of these non-gaap financial measures, we believe these adjusted financial measures and the information they provide are useful in viewing our performance using the same tools that management uses to gauge progress in achieving our goals. adjusted measures may also facilitate comparisons to our historical performance.
the table below provides a reconciliation of revenue to organic revenue.
twelve months ended august 31,
(in thousands)                                               2020   2019                                              change revenue                                            $1,494,111                      $1,435,351                       4.1    %
deferred revenue fair value adjustment(1)               4,192                           5,185
currency impact                                         (705)                               -
organic revenue                                    $1,497,598                      $1,440,536                       4.0    %
(1)deferred revenue fair value adjustments from purchase accounting.
table of contents the table below provides a reconciliation of operating income, operating margin, net income and diluted eps to adjusted operating income, adjusted operating margin, adjusted net income and adjusted diluted eps.
twelve months ended august 31,
(in thousands, except per share data)                       2020(1)                        2019(2)                     change operating income                                      $439,660                       $438,035                        0.4    %
intangible asset amortization                           22,269                         24,920
deferred revenue fair value adjustment                   4,192                          5,185
impairment of investment                                16,500                              -
other items                                             20,782                          8,045
adjusted operating income                             $503,403                       $476,185                        5.7    %
adjusted operating margin                                 33.6    %                      33.2    %
net income                                            $372,938                       $352,790                        5.7    %
intangible asset amortization(3)                        17,773                         20,262
deferred revenue fair value adjustment(4)                3,385                          4,215
impairment of investment(5)                             16,500                              -
other items(6)                                          16,611                          6,315
income tax items                                       (7,085)                          5,274
adjusted net income                                   $420,122                       $388,856                        8.0    %
diluted earnings per common share                        $9.65                          $9.08                        6.3    %
intangible asset amortization                             0.46                           0.52
deferred revenue fair value adjustment                    0.10                           0.11
impairment of investment                                  0.42                              -
other items                                               0.42                           0.15
income tax items                                        (0.18)                           0.14
adjusted diluted earnings per common share              $10.87                         $10.00                        8.7    %
weighted average common shares (diluted)                38,646                         38,873
(1)operating income, net income and diluted eps in fiscal 2020 were adjusted to exclude (i) intangible asset amortization, (ii) deferred revenue fair value adjustments from purchase accounting, (iii) an impairment charge to reflect the estimated fair value of an investment in a company, and (iv) professional fees associated with infrastructure upgrades and our ongoing multi-year investment plan and facilities costs.
(2)operating income, net income and diluted eps in fiscal 2019 were adjusted to exclude (i) intangible asset amortization, (ii) deferred revenue fair value adjustments from purchase accounting, and (iii) other items including severance, stock-based compensation acceleration, professional fees for infrastructure upgrade activities, a one-time adjustment related to data costs and occupancy costs, partially offset by non-core transaction related revenue. net income and diluted eps in fiscal 2019 were also adjusted to exclude amounts primarily related to finalizing prior year tax returns and other discrete items.
(3)the intangible asset amortization was recorded net of a tax impact of $4.5 million in fiscal 2020 compared with $4.7 million for fiscal 2019.
(4)the deferred revenue fair value adjustment was recorded net of a tax impact of $0.8 million in fiscal 2020 compared with $1.0 million for fiscal 2019.
(5)there was no tax impact during fiscal 2020 resulting from the impairment of an investment in a company.
(6)the other items were recorded net of a tax impact of $4.2 million in fiscal 2020 compared with $1.7 million for fiscal 2019.
table of contents liquidity and capital resources our primary sources of liquidity have been our cash flows generated from our operations, existing cash and cash equivalents and, when needed, our credit capacity under our existing credit facility. we have primarily used these sources of liquidity to, among other things, service our existing and future debt obligations, fund our working capital requirements for operations and capital expenditures, investments, acquisitions, dividend payments and repurchases of our common stock. based on past performance and current expectations, we believe our liquidity, along with other financing alternatives, will provide us the necessary capital to fund these transactions and achieve our planned growth for the next 12 months and the foreseeable future.
sources of liquidity long-term debt
2019 credit agreement on march 29, 2019, we entered into a credit agreement with pnc bank, national association ("pnc") (the "2019 credit agreement"), which provides for a $750.0 million revolving credit facility (the "2019 revolving credit facility"). we may request borrowings under the 2019 revolving credit facility until its maturity date of march 29, 2024. the 2019 credit agreement also allows us, subject to certain requirements, to arrange for additional borrowings with pnc for an aggregate amount up to $500.0 million, provided that any such request for additional borrowings must be in a minimum amount of $25.0 million.
as of august 31, 2020, we have borrowed $575.0 million of the available $750.0 million provided by the 2019 revolving credit facility, resulting in $175.0 million available to be withdrawn. we are required to pay a commitment fee using a pricing grid which was 0.10% as of august 31, 2020. this fee is based on the daily amount by which the available balance in the 2019 revolving credit facility exceeds the borrowed amount. all outstanding loan amounts are reported as long-term debt within the consolidated balance sheets at august 31, 2020 and august 31, 2019. the principal balance is payable in full on the maturity date.
the fair value of our long-term debt was $575.0 million as of august 31, 2020, which we believe approximates the carrying amount as the terms and interest rate approximate market rates given its floating interest rate basis. borrowings under the loan bear interest on the outstanding principal amount at a rate equal to libor plus a spread using a debt leverage pricing grid, which was 0.875% as of august 31, 2020. the variable rate of interest on our long-term debt can expose us to interest rate volatility due to changes in libor. to mitigate this exposure, on march 5, 2020, we entered into an interest rate swap agreement with a notional amount of $287.5 million to hedge the variable interest rate obligation on a portion of our outstanding balance under the 2019 revolving credit facility. under the terms of the interest rate swap agreement, we will pay interest at a fixed rate of 0.7995% and receive variable interest payments based on the same one-month libor utilized to calculate the interest expense from the 2019 revolving credit facility. the interest rate swap agreement matures on march 29, 2024.
during fiscal 2019, we incurred approximately $0.9 million in debt issuance costs related to the 2019 credit agreement. these costs were capitalized as loan origination fees and are amortized into interest expense ratably over the term of the 2019 credit agreement.
during fiscal 2020, we recorded interest expense on our outstanding debt, including the amortization of debt issuance costs, net of the effects of the interest rate swap agreement of $12.9 million. during fiscal 2019, we recorded interest expense on our outstanding debt, including the amortization of debt issuance costs, of $19.8 million. including the effects of the interest rate swap agreement, the weighted average interest rate on amounts outstanding under our credit facilities was 2.20% for the twelve months ended august 31, 2020. the weighted average interest rate for fiscal 2019 was 3.35%. interest on the loan outstanding is payable quarterly, in arrears, and on the maturity date.
the 2019 credit agreement contains covenants and requirements restricting certain activities, which are usual and customary for this type of loan. in addition, the 2019 credit agreement requires that we maintain a consolidated net leverage ratio, as measured by total net funded debt/ebitda (as defined in the 2019 credit agreement) below a specified level as of the end of each fiscal quarter. we were in compliance with all the covenants and requirements within the 2019 credit agreement as of august 31, 2020.
the borrowings under the 2019 credit agreement were used to retire all outstanding debt under the previous 2017 credit agreement between factset, as the borrower, and pnc, as the lender, on march 29, 2019. the total principal amount of the debt outstanding at the time of retirement was $575.0 million and there were no prepayment penalties.

2017 credit agreement on march 17, 2017, the company entered into a credit agreement (the "2017 credit agreement") between factset, as the borrower, and pnc, as the administrative agent and lender. the 2017 credit agreement provided for a $575.0 million revolving credit facility "). borrowings under the loan were subject to interest on the outstanding principal amount at a rate equal to the daily libor plus 1.00%. interest on the loan outstanding was payable quarterly in arrears and on the maturity date. there were no prepayment penalties if we elected to prepay the outstanding loan amounts prior to the scheduled maturity date. the principal balance was repaid in full on march 29, 2019.
letters of credit from time to time, we are required to obtain letters of credit in the ordinary course of business. approximately $2.9 million of standby letters of credit have been issued in connection with our leased office spaces as of august 31, 2020. these standby letters of credit utilize the same covenants included in the 2019 credit agreement. refer to note 12, debt of the notes to the company's consolidated financial statements included in item 8. of this annual report on form 10-k for more information on these covenants.
uses of liquidity share repurchase program repurchases of shares of our common stock are made from time to time in the open market and privately negotiated transactions, subject to market conditions. in fiscal 2020, we repurchased 0.7 million shares for $199.6 million under our existing share repurchase program compared to 0.9 million shares for $213.1 million in fiscal 2019. a total of $259.0 million remains authorized for future share repurchases as of august 31, 2020. there is no defined number of shares to be repurchased over a specified timeframe through the life of the share repurchase program. it is expected that share repurchases will be paid using existing and future cash generated by operations.
dividends on august 14, 2020, our board of directors approved a regular quarterly dividend of $0.77 to be paid on september 17, 2020. during fiscal 2020, the dividend increased $0.05 per share or 6.9%, which marked the 15th consecutive year we have increased dividends, highlighting our continued commitment to returning value to stockholders. over the last 12 months, we have paid $110.4 million in cash dividends. future cash dividends will depend on our earnings, capital requirements, financial condition and other factors considered relevant by us and is subject to final determination by our board of directors.
summary of cash flows the table below, for the periods indicated, provides selected cash flow information:
years ended august 31,
(in thousands)                                                                     2020   2019
net cash provided by operating activities                                 $505,840                            $427,136
net cash used in investing activities                                    $(73,632)                           $(56,100)
net cash used in financing activities                                   $(218,075)                          $(214,274)
effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                11,673                             (5,586)
net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                  225,806                             151,176
cash and cash equivalents aggregated to $585.6 million at august 31, 2020, compared with $359.8 million at august 31, 2019, an increase of $225.8 million. this increase was primarily due to $505.8 million of net cash provided by operating activities, $95.5 million in proceeds primarily from the exercise of employee stock options and purchases under the factset research systems inc. employee stock purchase plan, as amended and restated (the "espp"), and $11.7 million from the effects of foreign currency translations. these cash inflows were partially offset by $199.6 million in share repurchases, $110.4 million in dividend payments and $77.6 million of capital expenditures.
our cash and cash equivalents are held in numerous locations throughout the world, with $303.0 million within the americas, $222.3 million within emea (predominantly within the uk, france, and germany) and the remaining $60.3 million within asia pacific (predominantly within the philippines and india) as of august 31, 2020. the company intends to reinvest substantially all of its accumulated undistributed foreign earnings, except in instances where repatriation would result in table of contents minimal additional tax. as a result of the tcja, we believe that the income tax impact if such earnings were repatriated would be minimal.
operating for fiscal 2020, net cash provided by operating was $505.8 million compared to $427.1 million in fiscal 2019, an increase of $78.7 million. this increase was primarily driven by higher net income and timing of other operating cash flows, partially offset by the timing of income tax payments.
investing for fiscal 2020, net cash used in investing activities was $73.6 million compared to $56.1 million in fiscal 2019, an increase in cash used from investing activities of $17.5 million. this increase was mainly due to higher capital expenditures of $18.3 million, driven primarily by increased development costs related to internal-use software.
financing for fiscal 2020, net cash used in financing activities was $218.1 million compared to $214.3 million in fiscal 2019, representing a $3.8 million increase in cash used in financing activities. this increase was due primarily to a $11.5 million decrease in proceeds from the exercise of employee stock options and espp purchases and a $10.4 million increase in dividend payments, partially offset by a $20.7 million decrease in share repurchases.
free cash flow we define free cash flow, a non-gaap financial measure, as cash provided by operating activities less purchases of property, equipment, leasehold improvements and intangible assets. we present free cash flow solely as a supplemental disclosure to provide useful information to investors about the amount of cash generated by the business after necessary capital expenditures. we consider free cash flow to be a liquidity measure that provides useful information to management and investors about the amount of cash generated by the business after necessary capital expenditures. the following table reconciles our net cash provided by operating activities to free cash flow:
years ended august 31,
(in thousands)                                              2020   2019
net cash provided by operating activities          $505,840                          $427,136
capital expenditures(1)                            (77,642)                          (59,370)
free cash flow                                     $428,198                          $367,766
(1)capital expenditures are included in net cash used in investing activities during each fiscal period reported.
for fiscal 2020, we generated free cash flow of $428.2 million compared to $367.8 million in fiscal 2019 , an increase of $60.4 million. this increase reflects an increase of $78.7 million in cash provided by operating activities, partially offset by an increase in capital expenditures of $18.3 million.
contractual obligations fluctuations in our operating results, the degree of success of our accounts receivable collection efforts, the timing of tax and other payments, as well as necessary capital expenditures to support growth of our operations, will impact our liquidity and cash flows in future periods. the effect of our contractual obligations on our liquidity and capital resources in future periods should be considered in conjunction with the factors mentioned here. with the exception of the new leases entered in the ordinary course of business and purchase commitments associated with our technology investment plan and business transformation activities, there were no other significant changes to our contractual obligations during fiscal 2020.
table of contents the following table summarizes our significant contractual obligations as of august 31, 2020 and the corresponding effect that these obligations will have on our liquidity and cash flows in future periods:
payments due by fiscal year
(in millions)                                                        2021                     2022-2023                     2024-2025               2026 and thereafter                              total operating lease obligations(1)                                  $40.8                       $76.4                         $68.3                     $186.7                                      $372.2
purchase commitments(2)                                          77.7       84.7                                           63.6                     -                                            226.0
long-term debt obligations(3)                                       -                           -                         575.0                     -                                            575.0
total contractual obligations by period(4)                     $118.5                      $161.1                        $706.9                     $186.7                                    $1,173.2
(1)operating lease amounts include future minimum lease payments under all our non-cancelable operating leases with an initial term in excess of one year. operating lease amounts also include renewal options that are reasonably certain to be exercised and are included in the measurement of the lease liability. amounts above do not include future lease payments under leases that have not commenced. for more information on our operating leases, refer to note 11, leases, in the notes to the company's consolidated financial statements included in item 8. of this annual report on form 10-k.
(2)purchase commitments represent payments due in future periods in respect of obligations to our various data vendors as well as commitments to purchase goods and services such as telecommunication services, computer software and maintenance support and consulting services. as of august 31, 2020 and 2019, we had total purchase commitments of $226.0 million and $69.9 million, respectively.
(3)represents the amount due under the 2019 credit agreement.
(4)non-current income taxes payable of $27.7 million and non-current deferred tax liabilities of $19.7 million have been excluded in the table above due to uncertainty regarding the timing of future payments.
purchase orders do not necessarily reflect a binding commitment but are merely indicative of authorizations and intention to conclude purchases in the future. for the purpose of this tabular disclosure, purchase obligations for goods and services are defined as agreements that are enforceable and legally binding on us and that specify all significant terms, including: fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased; fixed, minimum or variable price provisions; and the approximate timing of the transaction. it is expected that all the contractual obligations noted in the table will be funded from existing cash and cash flows from operations. expected timing pertaining to the contractual obligations included in the table above has been estimated based on information currently available. the amounts paid, and the timing of those payments, may differ based on when the goods and services provided by our vendors to whom we are contractually obligated are received, as well as due to changes to agreed-upon amounts for any of our obligations.
we entered into the 2019 credit agreement on march 29, 2019 and borrowed $575.0 million. in conjunction with the 2019 credit agreement, we retired the loan outstanding under the 2017 credit agreement in the amount of $575.0 million. refer to note 12, debt in the notes to the company's consolidated financial statements included in item 8. of this annual report on form 10-k for more information on the 2019 credit agreement.
off-balance sheet arrangements at august 31, 2020 and 2019, we had no off-balance sheet financing or other arrangements with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships (such as entities often referred to as structured finance or special purpose entities) established for purposes of facilitating off-balance sheet financing other debt arrangements, or other contractually limited purposes.
foreign currency foreign currency exposure certain wholly-owned subsidiaries within the emea and asia pacific segments operate under a functional currency different from the u.s. dollar. the financial statements of these foreign subsidiaries are translated into u.s. dollars using period-end rates of exchange for assets and liabilities and average exchange rates for revenue and expenses. translation gains and losses that arise from translating assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses of foreign operations are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss ("aocl") as a component of stockholders' equity.
our foreign currency exchange exposure is related to our operating expenses in countries outside the americas, where approximately 76% of our employees were located as of august 31, 2020. during fiscal 2020, foreign currency movements table of contents increased operating income by $5.0 million, compared to a $10.1 million increase to operating income in the same period a year earlier.
as of august 31, 2020, we maintained foreign currency forward contracts to hedge a portion of our british pound sterling, euro, indian rupee, and philippine peso exposures. we entered into a series of forward contracts to mitigate our currency exposure ranging from 25% to 75% over their respective hedged periods. the current foreign currency forward contracts are set to mature at various points between the first quarter of fiscal 2021 through the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021.
as of august 31, 2020, the gross notional value of foreign currency forward contracts to purchase philippine pesos and indian rupees with u.s. dollars was ₱1.3 billion and rs1.4 billion, respectively. the gross notional value of foreign currency forward contracts to purchase u.s. dollars with euros and british pound sterling was €31.8 million and £36.4 million, respectively.
a loss on derivatives of $2.0 million was recorded in operating income during fiscal 2020, compared to a loss of $1.8 million in fiscal 2019.
critical accounting policies and estimates we prepare the consolidated financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles, which requires us to make certain estimates and apply judgements that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and related disclosures. we base our estimates on historical experience and other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable at the time the consolidated financial statements are prepared and, as such, they may ultimately differ materially from actual results.
we describe our significant accounting policies in note 3, summary of significant accounting policies in the notes to the company's consolidated financial statements included in item 8. of this annual report on form 10-k. management has discussed the development and selection of these critical accounting estimates with the audit committee of our board of directors. the critical accounting policies, estimates, and judgments that we believe to have the most significant impacts to our consolidated financial statements are described below.
revenue recognition the majority of our revenue is derived from client access to our hosted proprietary data and analytics platform, which can include various combinations of products and services available over the contractual term. the hosted platform is a subscription-based service that consists primarily of providing access to products and services including workstations, analytics, enterprise data, research management, and trade execution. we have determined that the subscription-based service represents a single performance obligation covering a series of distinct products and services that are substantially the same and that have the same pattern of transfer to the client. based on the nature of the services and products offered by us, we apply an input time-based measure of progress as the client is simultaneously receiving and consuming the benefits of the platform. we record revenue for our contracts using the over-time revenue recognition model as a client is invoiced or performance is satisfied. a provision for billing adjustments and cancellation of services is estimated and accounted for as a reduction to revenue, with a corresponding reduction to accounts receivable. refer to note 4, revenue recognition in the notes to the company's consolidated financial statements included in item 8. of this annual report on form 10-k for further details.
estimated tax provision and tax contingencies we are subject to income taxes in the u.s. and numerous foreign jurisdictions. our tax provision is an estimate based on our understanding of laws in federal, state and foreign tax jurisdictions. these laws can be complicated and are difficult to apply to any business. the tax laws also require us to allocate our taxable income to many jurisdictions based on subjective allocation methodologies and information collection processes. our effective tax rates differ from the statutory rate primarily due to the impact of state taxes, foreign operations, r&d and other tax credits, tax audit settlements, incentive-stock options and the fdii deduction. our annual effective tax rate was 12.7%, 16.4% and 24.1% in fiscal 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
our provision for income taxes is subject to volatility and could be adversely impacted by numerous factors such as changes in tax laws, regulations, or accounting principles, including accounting for uncertain tax positions or interpretations of them. significant judgment is required to determine recognition and measurement. further, as a result of certain ongoing employment and capital investment actions and commitments, our income in certain countries is subject to reduced tax rates and in some cases is wholly exempt from tax. our failure to meet these commitments could adversely affect our provision for income taxes. in addition, we are subject to the continuous examination of our income tax returns by the internal revenue service and other tax authorities. we regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the table of contents adequacy of our provision for income taxes. there can be no assurance that the outcomes from these continuous examinations will not have an adverse impact on our operating results and financial condition.
to account for unrecognized tax benefits, we first determine whether it is more-likely-than-not (defined as a likelihood of more than fifty percent) that a tax position will be sustained based on its technical merits as of the reporting date. a tax position that meets this more-likely-than-not threshold is then measured and recognized at the largest amount of benefit that is greater than fifty percent likely to be realized upon effective settlement with a taxing authority. the determination of liabilities related to unrecognized tax benefits, including associated interest and penalties, requires significant estimates. there can be no assurance that we will accurately predict the outcomes of these audits, however, we have no reason to believe that such audits will result in the payment of additional taxes and/or penalties that would have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial position, beyond current estimates. for this reason and due to ongoing audits by multiple tax authorities, we regularly engage in discussions and negotiations with tax authorities regarding tax matters in various jurisdictions. we adjust these reserves in light of changing facts and circumstances, such as the closing of a tax audit or the refinement of an estimate. to the extent that the final outcome of these matters is different than the amounts recorded, such differences will affect the provision for income taxes in the period in which such determination is made. we do not currently anticipate that the total amounts of unrecognized tax benefits will significantly change within the next 12 months.
we classify the liability for unrecognized tax benefits as taxes payable (non-current) and to the extent that we anticipate payment of cash within one year, the benefit will be classified as taxes payable (current). additionally, we accrue interest on all tax exposures for which reserves have been established consistent with jurisdictional tax laws. this interest is classified as income tax expense in the financial statements. as of august 31, 2020, we had gross unrecognized tax benefits totaling $12.3 million, including $0.9 million of accrued interest, recorded as taxes payable (non-current) within the consolidated balance sheets. refer to note 10, income taxes in the notes to the company's consolidated financial statements included in item 8. of this annual report on form 10-k for further information business combinations we account for business combinations using the purchase method of accounting. the acquisition purchase price is allocated to the underlying identified, tangible and intangible assets and liabilities assumed, based on their respective estimated fair values on the acquisition date. the excess of the purchase consideration over the fair values of the identified assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill and assigned to one or more reporting units. the amounts and useful lives assigned to acquisition-related tangible and intangible assets impact the amount and timing of future amortization expense. determining the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed and the expected useful life, requires management's judgment and often involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions, including assumptions with respect to future cash inflows and outflows, discount rates, asset lives and market multiples, among other items. acquisition-related expenses and restructuring costs are recognized separately from the business combination and are expensed as incurred.
goodwill and intangible assets goodwill is assigned to one or more reporting units on the date of acquisition. our reporting units are the same as our reportable segments. goodwill is not amortized as it is estimated to have an indefinite life. we review our goodwill for impairment annually during the fourth quarter of each fiscal year and between annual tests if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of any one of our reporting units below its respective carrying amount.
in performing the goodwill impairment test, we first perform a qualitative assessment, which requires that we consider factors such as macro-economic conditions, industry and market conditions in which factset operates, including the competitive environment and significant changes in demand for our services. we also consider our share price both in absolute terms and in relation to our peers. if, after assessing the totality of events or circumstances, we determine that it is more likely than not that the fair values of our reporting units are greater than the carrying amounts, then the quantitative goodwill impairment test is not performed.
if the qualitative assessment indicates that the quantitative analysis should be performed, we then evaluate goodwill for impairment by comparing the fair value of each of our reporting units to its carrying value, including the associated goodwill. to determine the fair values, we use an income approach, along with other relevant market information, derived from a discounted cash flow model to estimate fair value of our reporting units. an impairment charge for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the reporting unit's fair value, if any, would be recognized. the loss recognized would not exceed total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit.
table of contents we completed our annual goodwill impairment test during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020. we determined, after performing a qualitative review of each reporting unit, that it is more likely than not that the fair value of each reporting unit substantially exceeds their respective carrying amounts. accordingly, there was no indication of impairment and the quantitative goodwill impairment test was not performed.
our identifiable intangible assets consist of acquired content databases, client relationships, software technology, internal-use software, non-compete agreements and trade names resulting from acquisitions, which have been fully integrated into our operations. we amortize intangible assets over their estimated useful lives, which are evaluated quarterly to determine whether events and circumstances warrant a revision to the remaining period of amortization. the weighted average useful life of our identifiable intangible assets at august 31, 2020 was 11.9 years. if the estimate of the remaining useful life is changed, the remaining carrying amount of the intangible asset is amortized prospectively over that revised remaining useful life. there were no material adjustments to the useful lives of intangible assets subject to amortization during any of the periods presented. these intangible assets had no assigned residual values as of august 31, 2020 and 2019.
intangible assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable. determination of recoverability is based on an estimate of undiscounted future cash flows resulting from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition. measurement of any impairment loss for intangible assets that management expects to hold, and use is based on the amount the carrying value exceeds the fair value of the asset, which may be based on estimated future cash flows (discounted). no indicators of impairment of intangible assets has been identified during any of the periods presented. our ongoing consideration of the recoverability could result in impairment charges in the future, which could adversely affect our results of operations. the carrying value of intangible assets as of august 31, 2020 and 2019 was $121.1 million and $124.4 million, respectively. refer to note 8, goodwill and note 9, intangible assets in the notes to the company's consolidated financial statements included in item 8. of this annual report on form 10-k for further details.
long-lived assets long-lived assets, comprised of property, equipment and leasehold improvements are evaluated for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. factors that may cause an impairment review include significant changes in technology that make current computer-related assets that we use in our operations obsolete or less useful, and significant changes in the way we use these assets in our operations. when evaluating long-lived assets for potential impairment, if impairment indicators are present, we first compare the carrying value of the asset to the asset's estimated future cash flows (undiscounted and excluding interest charges). if the estimated future cash flows are less than the carrying value of the asset, we calculate an impairment loss. the impairment loss calculation compares the carrying value of the asset to the asset's estimated fair value, which may be based on estimated future cash flows (discounted). we recognize an impairment loss if the amount of the asset's carrying value exceeds the asset's estimated fair value. if we recognize an impairment loss, the adjusted carrying amount of the asset becomes its new cost basis. the new cost basis will be depreciated (amortized) over the remaining useful life of that asset. using the impairment evaluation methodology described here, there have been no long-lived asset impairment charges for each of the last three years. the carrying value of long-lived assets was $133.1 million as of august 31, 2020 and $119.4 million as of august 31, 2019.
our impairment loss calculations contain uncertainties because they require management to make assumptions and to apply judgment to estimate future cash flows and asset fair values, including forecasting useful lives of the assets and selecting the discount rate that reflects the risk inherent in future cash flows. we have not made any material changes in our impairment loss assessment methodology during the past three fiscal years. we do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a material change in the estimates or assumptions we use to calculate long-lived asset impairment losses. however, if actual results are not consistent with our estimates and assumptions used in estimating future cash flows and asset fair values, we may be exposed to losses that could be material. refer to note 7, property, equipment and leasehold improvements in the notes to the company's consolidated financial statements included in item 8. of this annual report on form 10-k for further information.
performance-based equity awards performance-based equity awards, whether in the form of performance-based stock options or performance share units, require management to make assumptions regarding the likelihood of achieving performance targets. the number of performance-based awards that vest will be predicated on achieving performance levels during the measurement period subsequent to the date of grant. dependent on the financial performance levels attained, a percentage of the performance-based awards will vest to the grantees. however, there is no current guarantee that such awards will vest in whole or in part. refer to note 16, stock-based compensation in the notes to the company's consolidated financial statements included in item 8. of this annual report on form 10-k for further information.
table of contents new accounting pronouncements see note 3, summary of significant accounting policies in the notes to the company's consolidated financial statements included in item 8. of this annual report on form 10-k for a full description of recent accounting pronouncements, including the expected dates of adoption, which we include here by reference.
