item 1a.   risk factors

prospective investors should consider carefully the risk factors set forth below before making an investment in the company's securities.
risks related to the company's business the covid-19 pandemic and other widespread health emergencies or pandemics could materially adversely affect the company's business, financial condition or results of operations.
the outbreak of the covid-19 pandemic has resulted in widespread and continuing negative impacts on the macroeconomic environment and disruption to the company's business. in june 2020, the national bureau of economic research declared that the united states economy has entered a recession. weak economic conditions and increased volatility and disruption in the financial markets pose risks to the company and its business partners, including advertisers whose expenditures tend to reflect overall economic conditions. the covid-19 pandemic has caused some of the company's advertisers (including, in particular, local market advertisers) to reduce their spending, and future declines in the economic prospects of advertisers or the economy in general could negatively impact their advertising expenditures further. depending on the duration and severity of the recession, it could lead to changes in consumer behavior, including increasing numbers of consumers canceling or foregoing subscriptions to mvpd services, that adversely affect the company's affiliate fee and advertising revenues.
the company's business depends on the volume and popularity of the content it distributes, particularly sports content. following the covid-19 outbreak, sports events to which the company has broadcast rights have been cancelled or postponed and the production of certain entertainment content the company acquires has been suspended. these content disruptions have adversely affected the company's advertising revenues and there could be additional adverse impacts on advertising revenues in the future. although some of these sports events and productions have resumed or are expected to resume during the first quarter of fiscal 2021, there may be additional content disruptions in the future. depending on their duration and severity, these disruptions could materially adversely affect the company's future advertising revenues and, over a longer period of time, its future affiliate fee revenues. to the extent the pandemic further negatively impacts the company's ability to air sports events, particularly mlb, nfl or college sports, it could result in a significantly greater adverse effect on the company's business, financial condition or results of operations than the company has experienced thus far. in addition, shifting sports schedules may negatively impact the company's ability to attract viewers and advertisers to its sports and entertainment programming.
if there is a significant decline in the company's estimated revenues or the expected popularity of its programming, it could lead to a downward revision in the value of, among other things, the company's reporting units, indefinite-lived intangible assets, programming rights and long-lived assets and result in a non-cash impairment charge that is material to the company's reported net earnings.
more information about these risks is presented below, as well as information about other risks the pandemic may exacerbate, such as those relating to data privacy, data security, legal and regulatory changes, damage to the company's brands and reputation, and the ability to realize the strategic goals of the company's investments. the covid-19 pandemic also poses risks related to measures aimed at preventing the spread of the virus, such as shelter in place orders, business shutdowns, quarantines and travel bans and restrictions. these measures have affected and may further affect the company's workforce and operations, as well as those of its business partners. for example, where possible, company employees began working remotely in march 2020. as and when employees return to their places of work, it poses various risks to the company, including compliance and litigation risks, and subjects the company to increased operating costs relating to efforts to safeguard our employees.
the magnitude of the impact of the covid-19 pandemic on the company is highly uncertain and subject to change and will depend on evolving factors beyond the company's control. these include the duration and extent of the pandemic, including whether there is a "second-wave," increases or spikes in the number of cases, or future mutations or related strains of the virus; the duration and extent of the recession, the pace of economic recovery and the economic and operating conditions facing the company and others in the pandemic's aftermath; the effect of governmental actions; and potential changes in consumer behavior. the covid-19 pandemic and other widespread health emergencies or pandemics could have a material adverse effect on the company's business, financial condition or results of operations.
15
changes in consumer behavior and evolving technologies and distribution platforms may adversely affect the company's business, financial condition and results of operations.
the ways in which consumers view content and technology and business models in our industry continue to rapidly evolve and new distribution platforms and increased competition from new entrants and emerging technologies have added to the complexity of maintaining predictable revenue streams. technological advancements have driven changes in consumer behavior as consumers seek more control over when, where and how they consume content and have affected advertisers' options for reaching their target audiences. consumer preferences have evolved towards digital services and other subscription services and there has been a substantial increase in the availability of programming with reduced advertising or without advertising at all. examples include the convergence of television telecasts and digital delivery of programming to televisions and other devices, video-on-demand platforms, user-generated content sites, and simultaneous streaming of telecast content that allows viewers to consume content on demand and in remote locations while avoiding traditional advertisements or subscription payments. as consumers switch to digital consumption of video content, there is still to be developed a consistent, broadly accepted measure of audiences across the industry. in addition, consumers are increasingly using time-shifting and advertising-blocking technologies that enable them to fast-forward or circumvent advertisements. substantial use of these technologies could impact the attractiveness of the company's programming to advertisers and adversely affect our advertising revenues.
changes in consumer behavior and technology have also had an adverse impact on traditional mvpds that deliver the company's broadcast and cable networks to consumers. consumers are increasingly turning to alternative offerings, including svod and avod services and mobile and social media platforms, which has contributed to industry-wide declines in subscribers to traditional mvpd services over the last several years. these declines are expected to continue and possibly accelerate in the future. if consumers increasingly favor alternative offerings over traditional mvpd subscriptions, the company may continue to experience a decline in viewership and ultimately demand for its programming, which could lead to lower affiliate fee and advertising revenues. changing distribution models may also negatively impact the company's ability to negotiate affiliation agreements on favorable terms, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. our affiliate fee and advertising revenues also may be adversely affected by consumers' use of antennas (and their integration with set-top boxes or other consumer devices) to access broadcast signals to avoid subscriptions.
to remain competitive in this evolving environment, the company must effectively anticipate and adapt to new market changes. the company continues to focus on expanding its brands and products beyond traditional linear platforms. however, if the company fails to protect and exploit the value of its content while responding to, and developing new technology and business models to take advantage of, technological developments and consumer preferences, it could have a significant adverse effect on the company's business, financial condition and results of operations.
declines in advertising expenditures could cause the company's revenues and operating results to decline significantly in any given period or in specific markets.
the company derives substantial revenues from the sale of advertising on its cable and broadcast networks and television stations. expenditures by advertisers tend to be cyclical, reflecting overall economic conditions, as well as budgeting and buying patterns. our advertising revenues may vary substantially from year to year, driven by major sports events, such as the nfl's super bowl and the fifa world cup and by the state, congressional and presidential elections cycles. political advertising expenditures are impacted by the ability and willingness of candidates and political action campaigns to raise and spend funds on television and digital advertising and the competitive nature of the elections impacting viewers in markets featuring our programming. declines in the economic prospects of advertisers or the economy in general can alter current or prospective advertisers' spending priorities. advertising expenditures may also be affected by increasing competition for the leisure time of audiences. demand for the company's programming as measured by ratings points is a key factor in determining the advertising rates as well as the affiliate rates the company receives. in addition, as described above, newer technologies and platforms are increasing the number of media and entertainment choices available to audiences. some of these technologies and platforms allow users to view programming from a remote location or on a time-delayed basis and provide users the ability to fast-forward, rewind, pause and skip programming and advertisements, which could negatively affect the attractiveness of the company's offerings to advertisers. the pricing and volume of advertising may also be affected by shifts in spending toward digital and mobile offerings, which can deliver targeted advertising more promptly, from more traditional media, or toward newer ways of purchasing advertising, such as through automated purchasing, dynamic advertising insertion, third parties selling local advertising spots and advertising exchanges, some or all of which may not be as beneficial to the company as traditional advertising methods. a decrease in advertising expenditures, reduced demand for the company's programming
16
or the inability to obtain market ratings that adequately measure demand for the company's content on all platforms could lead to a reduction in pricing and advertising spending, which could have a material adverse effect on the company's business, financial condition or results of operations.
the failure to enter into or renew affiliation and carriage agreements on favorable terms, or at all, could have a material adverse effect on the company's business, financial condition or results of operations.
the company depends on affiliation and carriage arrangements that enable it to reach a large percentage of households through mvpds and third party-owned television stations. the inability to enter into or renew mvpd arrangements on favorable terms, or at all, or the loss of carriage on mvpds' basic programming tiers could reduce the distribution of the company's owned and operated television stations and broadcast and cable networks, which could adversely affect the company's revenues from affiliate fees and its ability to sell national and local advertising time. the loss of favorable mvpd packaging, positioning, pricing or other marketing opportunities could also negatively impact the company's revenues from affiliate fees. these risks are exacerbated by consolidation among traditional mvpds, their increased vertical integration into the cable or broadcast network business and their use of alternative technologies to offer their subscribers access to local broadcast network programming, which have provided traditional mvpds with greater negotiating leverage. in addition, if the company and an mvpd reach an impasse in contract renewal negotiations, the company's networks and owned and operated television stations could become unavailable to the mvpd's subscribers (i.e., "go dark"), which, depending on the length of time and the size of the mvpd, could have a negative impact on the company's revenues from affiliate fees and advertising.
the company also depends on the maintenance of affiliation agreements and license agreements with third party-owned television stations to distribute the fox network and mynetworktv in markets where the company does not own television stations. consolidation among television station group owners could increase their negotiating leverage and reduce the number of available distribution partners. there can be no assurance that these affiliation and license agreements will be renewed in the future on terms favorable to the company. the inability to enter into affiliation or licensing arrangements with third-party owned television stations on favorable terms could reduce distribution of the fox network and mynetworktv and the inability to enter into such affiliation or licensing arrangements for the fox network on favorable terms could adversely affect the company's affiliate fee revenues and its ability to sell national advertising time.
in addition, the company has arrangements through which it makes its content available for viewing through online video platforms. if these arrangements are not renewed on favorable or commercially reasonable terms or at all, it could adversely affect the company's revenues and operating results.
if the number of subscribers to mvpd services continues to decline or such declines accelerate, the company's affiliate fee and advertising revenues could be negatively affected.
as described above, changes in technology and consumer behavior have contributed to industry-wide declines in the number of subscribers to mvpd services, which have had a negative impact on the number of subscribers to the company's networks. these industry-wide subscriber declines are expected to continue and possibly accelerate in the future. the majority of the company's affiliation agreements with mvpds are multi-year contracts that provide for payments to the company that are based in part on the number of mvpd subscribers covered by the agreement. if declines in the number of mvpd subscribers are not fully offset by affiliate rate increases, the company's affiliate fee revenues will be negatively affected. because mvpd subscriber losses could also decrease the potential audience for the company's networks, which is a critical factor affecting both the pricing and volume of advertising, future mvpd subscriber declines could also adversely impact the company's advertising revenues.
the company is exposed to risks associated with weak economic conditions and increased volatility and disruption in the financial markets.
the u.s. economy is undergoing a period of weakness, which has had and may continue to have an adverse impact on the company's business, financial condition and results of operations. factors that affect economic conditions include the rate of unemployment, the level of consumer confidence, changes in consumer spending habits, political and sociopolitical uncertainties and potential changes in trade relationships between the u.s. and other countries. the company also faces risks associated with the impact of weak economic conditions on advertisers, affiliates, suppliers, wholesale distributors, retailers, insurers and others with which it does business.
17
increased volatility and disruptions in the financial markets could make it more difficult and more expensive for the company to refinance outstanding indebtedness and obtain new financing. the financial markets can experience high levels of volatility and access to capital can be constrained for extended periods of time, and we cannot guarantee that the company will be able to refinance outstanding indebtedness or obtain financing on terms that are acceptable to the company or at all. in addition, the company's access to and cost of borrowing can be affected by the company's short-term and long-term debt ratings assigned by ratings agencies. if we are not successful in obtaining financing or incur significantly higher borrowing costs than contemplated, it may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
disruptions in the financial markets can also adversely affect the company's lenders, insurers, customers and counterparties, including vendors, retailers and other partners. for instance, the inability of the company's counterparties to obtain capital on acceptable terms could impair their ability to perform under their agreements with the company and lead to negative effects on the company, including business disruptions, decreased revenues and increases in bad debt expenses.
the company's businesses operate in a highly competitive industry.
the company competes with other companies for high-quality content to reach large audiences and to generate advertising revenue. the company also competes for distribution on mvpds and other third-party digital platforms. the company's ability to attract viewers and advertisers and obtain favorable distribution depends in part on its ability to provide popular television programming and adapt to new technologies and distribution platforms, which are increasing the number of content choices available to audiences. the consolidation of advertising agencies, distributors and television service providers also has increased their negotiating leverage and made competition for audiences, advertising revenue, and distribution more intense. competition for audiences and/or advertising comes from a variety of sources, including broadcast television networks; cable television systems and networks; internet-delivered platforms such as svod and avod services and mobile, gaming and social media platforms; audio programming; and print and other media. other television stations or cable networks may change their formats or programming, a new station or new network may adopt a format to compete directly with the company's stations or networks, or stations or networks might engage in aggressive promotional campaigns. increased competition in the acquisition of programming may also affect the scope of rights we are able to acquire and the cost of such rights, and the future value of the rights we acquire or retain cannot be predicted with certainty. entering into or renewing contracts for programming rights or acquiring additional rights may result in increased costs to the company. with respect to long-term contracts for sports programming rights, our results of operations and cash flows over the term of a contract depend on a number of factors, including the strength of the advertising market, our audience size, the ability to secure distribution from and impose surcharges or obtain carriage on mvpds for the content, and the timing and amount of our rights payments. there can be no assurance that revenue from acquired rights contracts will exceed our costs for the rights, as well as the other costs of producing and distributing the programming. there can be no assurance that the company will be able to compete successfully in the future against existing or potential competitors or that competition or consolidation in the marketplace will not have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition or results of operations.
our business is dependent on the popularity of special sports events and the continued popularity of the sports leagues and teams for which we have programming rights.
our sports business depends on the popularity and success of the sports franchises, leagues and teams for which we have acquired broadcast and cable network programming rights. if a sports league declines in popularity or fails to generate fan enthusiasm, this may negatively impact viewership and advertising and affiliate fee revenues received in connection with our sports programming. our operating results may be impacted in part by special events, such as the nfl's super bowl, which is broadcast on the fox network on a rotating basis with other networks, the mlb's world series and the fifa world cup, which occurs every four years (for each of women and men), and other regular and post-season sports events delivered to consumers on our broadcast television and cable networks. our advertising and affiliate fee revenues are subject to fluctuations based on the dates of sports events and their availability for viewing through our broadcast television and cable networks and the popularity of the competing teams. for example, any decrease in the number of post-season games played in a sports league for which we have acquired broadcast programming rights, or the participation of a smaller-market sports franchise in post-season competition could result in lower advertising revenues for the company. there can be no assurance that any sports league will continue to generate fan enthusiasm or provide the expected number of regular and post-season games for advertisers and customers alike, and the failure to do so could result in a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. additionally, increased competition for the sale of sports event advertising time with other television networks, stations and other advertising platforms, such as digital media, radio and print, may adversely affect the company's revenues and operating results. a
18
shortfall in the expected popularity of the sports events for which the company has acquired rights, or in the volume of sports programming the company expects to distribute, could adversely affect the company's advertising revenues in the near term and, over a longer period of time, adversely affect affiliate fee revenues.
the inability to renew programming rights, particularly sports programming rights, on sufficiently favorable terms, or at all, could cause the company's advertising and affiliate fee revenues to decline significantly in any given period or in specific markets.
we enter into long-term contracts for both the acquisition and the distribution of media programming and products, including contracts for the acquisition of programming rights for sports events and other programs, and contracts for the distribution of our programming to content distributors. programming rights agreements, retransmission consent agreements, carriage contracts and affiliation agreements have varying durations and renewal terms that are subject to negotiation with other parties, the outcome of which is unpredictable. in addition, competition for popular programming rights, and sports programming rights in particular, that are licensed from third parties is intense, and the licenses have varying duration and renewal terms. moreover, the value of these agreements may also be affected by various league decisions and/or league agreements that we may not be able to control, including a decision to alter the number, frequency and timing of regular and post-season games played during a season. as these contracts expire, we may seek renewals on favorable terms; however, third parties may outbid us for the rights contracts. the loss of rights or renewal on less favorable terms could impact the quality or quantity of the company's programs, in particular the sports coverage offered by the company, its cable networks, broadcast stations and affiliates to the fox network, and could adversely affect the company's advertising and affiliate fee revenues. upon renewal, the company's results could be adversely affected if escalations in programming rights costs are unmatched by increases in advertising and affiliate fee revenues. in addition, if the company does not obtain exclusive rights to the programming it distributes, it could negatively impact the company's advertising and affiliate fee revenues.
acceptance of the company's content by the public is difficult to predict, which could lead to fluctuations in revenues.
television distribution is a speculative business since the revenues derived from the distribution of content depends primarily upon its acceptance by the public, which is difficult to predict. low public acceptance of the company's content will adversely affect the company's results of operations. the commercial success of our programming also depends upon the quality and acceptance of other competing programming, the availability of a growing number of alternative forms of entertainment and leisure time activities, general economic conditions and their effects on consumer spending and other tangible and intangible factors, all of which can change and cannot be predicted with certainty. moreover, we must often invest substantial amounts in programming and the acquisition of sports rights before we learn the extent to which the content will earn consumer acceptance. competition for popular content, particularly for sports and entertainment programming, is intense, and the company may need to increase the price paid for popular content rights. the company's failure to obtain or retain rights to popular content, or a decline in the ratings or popularity of the company's news, sports or entertainment television programming, which could be a result of the loss of talent or rights to certain programming, could adversely affect advertising revenues in the near term and, over a longer period of time, adversely affect affiliate fee revenues.
damage to our brands, particularly the fox brand, or our reputation could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our brands, particularly the fox brand, are among our most valuable assets. we believe that our brand image, awareness and reputation strengthen our relationship with consumers and contribute significantly to the success of our business. maintaining, further enhancing and extending our brands may require us to make significant investments in marketing, programming or new products, services or events. these investments may not be successful. we may introduce new programming that is not popular with our consumers and advertisers, which may negatively affect our brands. to the extent our content, in particular our live news and sports programming and primetime entertainment programming, is not compelling to consumers, our ability to maintain a positive reputation may be adversely impacted. governmental scrutiny and fines and significant negative claims or publicity regarding the company or its operations, content, products, management, employees, practices, advertisers or other business partners may damage the company's reputation and brands, even if such claims are untrue. furthermore, to the extent our marketing, customer service and public relations efforts are not effective or result in negative consumer reaction, our ability to maintain a positive reputation may likewise be adversely impacted. if we are not successful in maintaining or enhancing the image or awareness of our brands, or if our reputation is harmed for any reason, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
19
our investments in new businesses, products, services and technologies through acquisitions and other strategic investments present many risks, and we may not realize the financial and strategic goals we had contemplated, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we have acquired and invested in, and expect to continue acquiring and investing in, new businesses, products, services and technologies that complement, enhance or expand our current businesses or otherwise offer us growth opportunities. such acquisitions and strategic investments may involve significant risks and uncertainties, including insufficient revenues from an investment to offset any new liabilities assumed and expenses associated with the investment; a failure of the investment or acquired business to perform as expected, meet financial projections or achieve strategic goals; a failure to further develop an acquired business, product, service or technology; unidentified issues not discovered in our due diligence that could cause us to not realize anticipated benefits or to incur unanticipated liabilities; difficulties in integrating the operations, personnel, technologies and systems of acquired businesses; the potential loss of key employees or customers of acquired businesses; the diversion of management attention from current operations; and compliance with new regulatory regimes. because acquisitions and investments are inherently risky and their anticipated benefits or value may not materialize, our acquisitions and investments may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
the company is subject to complex laws, regulations, rules, industry standards, and contractual obligations related to privacy and personal data protection, which are evolving, inconsistent and potentially costly.
we are subject to u.s. federal and state laws, as well as laws from other countries, relating to the collection, use, disclosure, and security of personal information. for example, the california consumer privacy act that became effective in january 2020 imposes new obligations on businesses' collection, use, handling, and disclosure of personal information of california residents and imposes fines for noncompliance. the e.u. and other countries also have privacy and data security legislation, with significant penalties for violations, that may apply to the company's operations. new privacy and data protection laws continue to be introduced and interpretations of existing privacy laws, some of which may be inconsistent with one another, continue to evolve. although the company expends significant resources to comply with privacy and data protection laws, we may be subject to regulatory or other legal action despite these efforts. any such action could result in damage to our reputation or brands, loss of customers or revenue, and other negative impacts to our operations. the company may also be subject to liability under relevant contractual obligations and may be required to expend significant resources to defend, remedy and/or address any claims. the company may not have adequate insurance coverage to compensate it for any losses that may occur. for more information, see item 1, "government regulation - privacy and information regulation."
the degradation, failure or misuse of the company's network and information systems and other technology could cause a disruption of services or improper disclosure of personal data or other confidential information, resulting in increased costs, liabilities or loss of revenue.
disruptions to our computer network and information systems, such as computer hacking and phishing, theft, computer viruses, ransomware, worms or other destructive software, process breakdowns, denial of service attacks, malicious social engineering or other malicious activities, or any combination of the foregoing, as well as power outages, natural or other disasters (including extreme weather), terrorist activities or human error, may affect our network and information systems (including those of our vendors) and could result in disruption of our services, misappropriation, misuse, alteration, theft, loss, leakage, falsification, and accidental or premature release or improper disclosure of confidential or other information, including intellectual property and personal data contained on such network and systems. while we continue to develop, implement and maintain security measures seeking to prevent unauthorized access to or misuse of our network and information systems, such efforts are costly, require ongoing monitoring and updating and may not be successful in preventing these events from occurring given that the techniques used to access, disable or degrade service or sabotage systems change frequently and become more sophisticated and targeted. the company's high profile sports and entertainment programming and its extensive news coverage of elections, sociopolitical events and public controversies subject us to heightened cybersecurity risks. although no cybersecurity incident has been material to the company's businesses to date, we expect to continue to be subject to cybersecurity threats and there can be no assurance that we will not experience a material incident. any cybersecurity incidents could result in a disruption of our operations, customer or advertiser dissatisfaction, damage to our reputation or brands, regulatory investigations, claims, lawsuits or loss of customers or revenue, and the company may also be subject to liability under relevant contractual obligations and laws and regulations protecting personal data and may be required to expend significant resources to defend, remedy and/or address any incidents. the company may not have adequate insurance coverage to compensate it for any losses that may occur.
20
technological developments may increase the threat of content piracy and signal theft and limit the company's ability to protect its intellectual property rights.
content piracy and signal theft present a threat to the company's revenues from products and services, including, but not limited to, television shows, cable and other programming. the company seeks to limit the threat of content piracy as well as cable and direct broadcast satellite programming signal theft; however, policing unauthorized use of the company's products and services and related intellectual property is often difficult and the steps taken by the company may not in every case prevent infringement. developments in technology, including digital copying, file compression technology, growing penetration of high-bandwidth internet connections, increased availability and speed of mobile data networks, and new devices and applications that enable unauthorized access to content, increase the threat of content piracy by making it easier to access, duplicate, widely distribute and store high-quality pirated material. in addition, developments in software or devices that circumvent encryption technology and the falling prices of devices incorporating such technologies increase the threat of unauthorized use and distribution of direct broadcast satellite programming signals and the proliferation of user-generated content sites and live and stored video streaming sites, which deliver unauthorized copies of copyrighted content, including those emanating from other countries in various languages, may adversely impact the company's businesses. the proliferation of unauthorized distribution and use of the company's content could have an adverse effect on the company's businesses and profitability because it reduces the revenue that the company could potentially receive from the legitimate sale and distribution of its products and services.
the company takes a variety of actions to combat piracy and signal theft, both individually and, in some instances, together with industry associations. however, protection of the company's intellectual property rights is dependent on the scope and duration of the company's rights as defined by applicable laws in the u.s. and abroad and how those laws are construed. if those laws are interpreted in ways that limit the extent or duration of the company's rights, or if existing laws are changed, the company's ability to generate revenue from intellectual property may decrease, or the cost of obtaining and enforcing our rights may increase. a change in the laws of one jurisdiction may also have an impact on the company's overall ability to protect its intellectual property rights across other jurisdictions. there can be no assurance that the company's efforts to enforce its rights and protect its products, services and intellectual property will be successful in preventing content piracy or signal theft. further, while piracy and the proliferation of piracy-enabling technology tools continue to escalate, if any laws intended to combat piracy and protect intellectual property are repealed, weakened or not adequately enforced, or if the applicable legal systems fail to evolve and adapt to new technologies that facilitate piracy, we may be unable to effectively protect our rights and the value of our intellectual property may be negatively impacted, and our costs of enforcing our rights could increase.
the loss of key personnel, including talent, could disrupt the management or operations of the company's business and adversely affect its revenues.
the company's business depends upon the continued efforts, abilities and expertise of its executive chairman and chief executive officer lachlan k. murdoch, chairman k. rupert murdoch, and other key employees and news, sports and entertainment personalities. the company believes that the unique combination of skills and experience possessed by its executive officers would be difficult to replace and that the loss of its executive officers could have a material adverse effect on the company, including the impairment of the company's ability to execute its business strategy. additionally, the company employs or independently contracts with several news, sports and entertainment personalities with significant, loyal audiences. news, sports and entertainment personalities are sometimes significantly responsible for the ranking of programming on a television station or cable network and, therefore, a significant influence on the ability of the station or network to sell advertising. the company's broadcast television stations and cable networks deliver programming with highly regarded on-air talent who are important to attracting and retaining audiences for the distributed news, sports and entertainment content. there can be no assurance that these news, sports and entertainment personalities will remain with us or will retain their current appeal, or that the costs associated with retaining this and new talent will be favorable or acceptable to us. if the company fails to retain or attract these news, sports and entertainment personalities and talent or they lose their current audiences or advertising partners, the company's business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.
labor disputes, whether involving our own employees or those at businesses that we depend on, may disrupt our operations and adversely affect the company's business, financial condition and results of operations.
in a variety of the company's businesses, the company and its partners engage the services of trade employees and others who are subject to collective bargaining agreements. if the company or its partners are unable to renew expiring collective bargaining agreements, it is possible that the affected unions could take action in the form of strikes or work stoppages. such actions, as well as higher costs in connection with these collective bargaining agreements or a
21
significant labor dispute, could have an adverse effect on the company's business by causing delays in production or by reducing profit margins. moreover, the company has certain collective bargaining agreements, which are industry-wide agreements, and the company may lack practical control over the negotiations and terms of the agreements in dispute.
in addition, our broadcast television and cable networks have programming rights agreements of varying scope and duration with various sports leagues to broadcast and produce sports events, including certain college football and basketball, nfl and mlb games. any labor disputes that occur in any sports league for which we have the rights to broadcast live games or events may preclude us from airing or otherwise distributing scheduled games or events, resulting in decreased revenues, which could adversely affect our business, revenue and results of operations.
changes in u.s. communications laws or other regulations may have an adverse effect on the company's business, financial condition and results of operations.
the company is subject to a variety of regulations in the jurisdictions in which its businesses operate. in general, the television broadcasting and traditional mvpd industries in the u.s. are highly regulated by federal laws and regulations issued and administered by various federal agencies, including the fcc. the fcc generally regulates, among other things, the ownership of media, broadcast and multichannel video programming and technical operations of broadcast licensees. for example, the company is required to apply for and operate in compliance with licenses from the fcc to operate a television station, purchase a new television station, or sell an existing television station, with licenses generally subject to an eight-year renewable term. our program services and online properties are subject to a variety of laws and regulations, including those relating to issues such as content regulation, user privacy and data protection, and consumer protection, among others. further, the united states congress, the fcc and state legislatures currently have under consideration, and may in the future adopt, new laws, regulations and policies regarding a wide variety of matters, including technological changes and measures relating to network neutrality, privacy and data security, which could, directly or indirectly, affect the operations and ownership of the company's media properties. any restrictions on political or other advertising may adversely affect the company's advertising revenues. in addition, some policymakers maintain that traditional mvpds should be required to offer a la carte programming to subscribers on a network by network basis or "family friendly" programming tiers. unbundling packages of program services may increase both competition for carriage on distribution platforms and marketing expenses, which could adversely affect the business, financial condition and results of operations of the company's cable networks. the threat of regulatory action or increased scrutiny that deters certain advertisers from advertising or reaching their intended audiences could adversely affect advertising revenue. similarly, new federal or state laws or regulations or changes in interpretations of federal or state law or in regulations imposed by the u.s. government could require changes in the operations or ownership of our business and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
the company may be subject to investigations or fines from governmental authorities, including under fcc rules and policies, or delays in our renewal and other applications with the fcc.
fcc rules prohibit the broadcast of obscene material at any time and indecent or profane material on television or radio broadcast stations between the hours of 6 a.m. and 10 p.m. the fcc has indicated that, in addition to issuing fines to licensees, it would consider initiating license revocation proceedings for "serious" indecency violations. we air a significant amount of live news reporting and live sports coverage on our broadcast television stations and networks and a portion of our content is under the control of our on-air talent. the company cannot predict whether information delivered by our stations and on-air talent could violate fcc rules related to indecency, which had been found to be unconstitutionally vague by the u.s. supreme court, especially given the spontaneity of live news and sports programming. violation of the fcc's indecency rules could subject us to government investigation, penalties, license revocation, or renewal or qualification proceedings, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
the communications act and fcc regulations limit the ability of non-u.s. citizens and certain other persons to invest in us.
the company owns broadcast station licensees in connection with its ownership and operation of u.s. television stations. under the communications act of 1934, as amended, which we refer to as the communications act, and the fcc rules, without the fcc's prior approval, no broadcast station licensee may be owned by a corporation if more than 25% of its stock is owned or voted by non-u.s. persons, their representatives, or by any other corporation organized under the laws of a foreign country. the company's amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes the board of directors to take action to prevent, cure or mitigate the effect of stock ownership above the applicable foreign ownership threshold, including: refusing to permit any transfer of common stock to or ownership of common stock by a
22
non-u.s. stockholder; voiding a transfer of common stock to a non-u.s. stockholder; suspending rights of stock ownership if held by a non-u.s. stockholder; or redeeming common stock held by a non-u.s. stockholder. we are currently in compliance with applicable u.s. law and continue to monitor our foreign ownership based on our assessment of the information reasonably available to us, but we are not able to predict whether we will need to take action pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. the fcc could review the company's compliance with applicable u.s. law in connection with its consideration of the company's renewal applications for licenses to operate the broadcast stations the company owns.
the failure or destruction of satellites or transmitter facilities the company depends on to distribute its programming could materially adversely affect its businesses and results of operations, as could changes in fcc regulations governing the availability and use of satellite transmission spectrum.
the company uses satellite systems to transmit its broadcast and cable networks to affiliates. the distribution facilities include uplinks, communications satellites and downlinks. transmissions may be disrupted as a result of local disasters, including extreme weather that impair on-ground uplinks or downlinks, or as a result of an impairment of a satellite. currently, there are a limited number of communications satellites available for the transmission of programming. if a disruption occurs, failure to secure alternate distribution facilities in a timely manner could have a material adverse effect on the company's businesses and results of operations. each of the company's television stations and cable networks uses studio and transmitter facilities that are subject to damage or destruction. failure to restore such facilities in a timely manner could have a material adverse effect on the company's businesses and results of operations. further, changes in fcc regulations could reduce the availability and use of satellite transmission spectrum. the decreased availability of satellite transmission spectrum could increase interference to and diminish the quality of our transmissions. if the fcc reallocates the portion of the satellite transmission spectrum the company uses to transmit its programming without safeguarding video delivery, it would significantly hinder the company's ability to deliver its programming to broadcast affiliates and traditional mvpds.
the company could be subject to significant tax liabilities.
we are subject to taxation in u.s. federal, state and local jurisdictions. changes in tax laws, regulations, practices or the interpretations thereof could affect the company's results of operations. judgment is required in evaluating and estimating our provision and accruals for taxes. in addition, transactions occur during the ordinary course of business or otherwise for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain.
tax returns are routinely audited, tax-related litigation or settlements may occur, and certain jurisdictions may assess income tax liabilities against us. the final outcomes of tax audits, investigations, and any related litigation could result in materially different tax recognition from our historical tax provisions and accruals. these outcomes could conflict with private letter rulings, opinions of counsel or other interpretations provided to the company. if these matters are adversely resolved, we may be required to recognize additional charges to our tax provisions and pay significant additional amounts with respect to current or prior periods or our taxes in the future could increase, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations.
the company could suffer losses due to asset impairment charges for goodwill, intangible assets and programming.
in accordance with gaap, the company performs an annual impairment assessment of its recorded goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, including fcc licenses. the company also continually evaluates whether current factors or indicators, such as the prevailing conditions in the capital markets, require the performance of an interim impairment assessment of those assets, as well as other investments and other long-lived assets. any significant shortfall, now or in the future, in advertising revenue and/or the expected popularity of our programming could lead to a downward revision in the fair value of certain reporting units. a downward revision in the fair value of a reporting unit, indefinite-lived intangible assets, programming rights, investments or long-lived assets could result in a non-cash impairment charge. any such charge could be material to the company's reported net earnings.
23
certain of the company's directors and officers may have actual or potential conflicts of interest because of their equity ownership in news corp, and certain of the company's officers and directors may have actual or potential conflicts of interest because they also serve as officers and/or on the board of directors of news corp.
certain of the company's directors and executive officers own shares of common stock of news corporation, which we refer to as news corp, and the individual holdings may be significant for some of these individuals compared to their total assets. in addition, certain of the company's officers and directors also serve as officers and/or as directors of news corp, including our chairman, k. rupert murdoch, who serves as news corp's executive chairman, and our executive chairman and chief executive officer, lachlan k. murdoch, who serves as news corp's co-chairman. this ownership of or service to both companies may create, or may create the appearance of, conflicts of interest when these directors and officers are faced with decisions that could have different implications for news corp and the company. in addition to any other arrangements that the company and news corp may agree to implement, the company and news corp have agreed that officers and directors who serve at both companies will recuse themselves from decisions where conflicts arise due to their positions at both companies.
our amended and restated by-laws acknowledge that our directors and officers, as well as certain of our stockholders, including k. rupert murdoch, certain members of his family and certain family trusts (so long as such persons continue to own, in the aggregate, 10% or more of the voting stock of each of news corp and the company), each of which we refer to as a covered stockholder, are or may become stockholders, directors, officers, employees or agents of news corp and certain of its affiliates. our amended and restated by-laws provide that any such overlapping person will not be liable to us, or to any of our stockholders, for breach of any fiduciary duty that would otherwise exist because such individual directs a corporate opportunity to news corp instead of us. the provisions in our amended and restated by-laws could result in an overlapping person submitting any corporate opportunities to news corp instead of us.
certain provisions of the company's amended and restated certificate of incorporation, amended and restated by-laws, delaware law, the company's stockholder rights agreement and the ownership of the company's common stock by the murdoch family trust may discourage takeovers and the concentration of ownership will affect the voting results of matters submitted for stockholder approval.
the company's amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated by-laws contain certain anti-takeover provisions that may make more difficult or expensive a tender offer, change in control, or takeover attempt that is opposed by the company's board of directors or certain stockholders holding a significant percentage of the voting power of the company's outstanding voting stock. in particular, the amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated by-laws provide for, among other things:
   a dual class common equity capital structure, in which holders of fox class a common stock can vote only in very specific, limited circumstances;

   a prohibition on stockholders taking any action by written consent without a meeting (unless there are three record holders or fewer);

   special stockholders' meeting to be called only by a majority of the board of directors, the chairman or vice or deputy chairman, or upon the written request of holders of not less than 20% of the voting power of our outstanding voting stock;

   the requirement that stockholders give the company advance notice to nominate candidates for election to the board of directors or to make stockholder proposals at a stockholders' meeting;

   the requirement of an affirmative vote of at least 65% of the voting power of the company's outstanding voting stock to amend or repeal our amended and restated by-laws;

   restrictions on the transfer of the company's shares; and

   the board of directors to issue, without stockholder approval, preferred stock and series common stock with such terms as the board of directors may determine.

these provisions could discourage potential acquisition proposals and could delay or prevent a change in control of the company, even in the case where a majority of the stockholders may consider such proposals, if effective, desirable.
24
further, as a result of his ability to appoint certain members of the board of directors of the corporate trustee of the murdoch family trust, which beneficially owns less than one percent of the outstanding fox class a common stock and 39.1% of fox class b common stock, k. rupert murdoch may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of the shares beneficially owned by the murdoch family trust. k. rupert murdoch, however, disclaims any beneficial ownership of these shares. also, k. rupert murdoch beneficially owns or may be deemed to beneficially own an additional less than one percent of fox class b common stock and approximately one percent of fox class a common stock. thus, k. rupert murdoch may be deemed to beneficially own in the aggregate approximately one percent of fox class a common stock and 39.7% of fox class b common stock.
this concentration of voting power could discourage third parties from making proposals involving an acquisition of the company. additionally, the ownership concentration of fox class b common stock by the murdoch family trust increases the likelihood that proposals submitted for stockholder approval that are supported by the murdoch family trust will be adopted and proposals that the murdoch family trust does not support will not be adopted, whether or not such proposals to stockholders are also supported by the other holders of fox class b common stock. furthermore, the adoption of the stockholder rights agreement prevents, unless the company's board of directors otherwise determines at the time, other potential stockholders from acquiring a similar ownership position in the company's class b common stock and, accordingly, could prevent a meaningful challenge to the murdoch family trust's influence over matters submitted for stockholder approval.
on november 6, 2019, the company announced that its board of directors approved a $2 billion stock repurchase program for the fox class a common stock and fox class b common stock, which could increase the percentage of fox class b common stock held by the murdoch family trust. at the same time, the company also announced that it had entered into a stockholders agreement by and between the company and the murdoch family trust pursuant to which the company and the murdoch family trust have agreed not to take actions that would result in the murdoch family trust and murdoch family members together owning more than 44% of the outstanding voting power of the shares of fox class b common stock or would increase the murdoch family trust's voting power by more than 1.75% in any rolling 12-month period. the murdoch family trust would forfeit votes to the extent necessary to ensure that the murdoch family trust and the murdoch family collectively do not exceed 44% of the outstanding voting power of the class b shares, except where a murdoch family member votes their own shares differently from the murdoch family trust on any matter.
risks related to the company's separation from 21cf the company may be unable to achieve some or all of the benefits it expects to achieve as a standalone, publicly traded company.
following the transaction, the company may be more susceptible to market fluctuations and other adverse events than the company would have otherwise been while it was still part of 21cf. as part of 21cf, the company enjoyed certain benefits from 21cf's scale, operating diversity and access to capital, which are no longer available. as a standalone, publicly traded company, we expect to benefit from, among other things, sharpened focus on the financial and operational resources of the company's businesses, which allows management to design and implement a capital structure, corporate strategies and policies that are based primarily on the business characteristics and strategic opportunities of the fox businesses. we believe this will allow us to respond more effectively to industry dynamics and to create effective incentives for management and employees that are more closely tied to fox's business performance. if we fail to achieve some or all of the benefits that we expect to achieve as a standalone, publicly traded company or such benefits are delayed, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.
the company may be unable to make, on a timely or cost-effective basis, the changes necessary to operate effectively as a standalone, publicly traded company, and the company may experience increased costs as a result of the transaction.
the company historically operated as part of 21cf's broader corporate organization, and 21cf provided various corporate services for us, including information technology, tax administration, treasury activities, accounting, benefits administration, legal and ethics and compliance program administration. following the transaction, 21cf has no obligation to provide us with assistance other than the transition services under the transition services agreements entered into in connection with the transaction. these transition services include broadcast operations, sports production, information systems and technology (enterprise, infrastructure, operations and digital), finance and accounting and other corporate services. generally, the services provided under the transition services agreements are provided at cost for a period not exceeding two years. during this period, we depend on 21cf for these services and are subject to the risk of 21cf not properly performing its obligations under an agreement. if 21cf is not in compliance with its obligations and
25
following the expiration of the term for a specific service under a transition services agreement, the company will need to provide the services internally or obtain them from third parties. the company may be unable to replace these services in a timely manner or on terms and conditions as favorable as those the company receives from 21cf. the company is in the process of upgrading its systems, including information technology, and implementing additional financial and management controls, reporting systems and procedures. the company has incurred and expects to incur additional expenses related to these steps, and these expenses may be significant. the company may be unable to successfully establish the infrastructure or implement the changes necessary to operate independently, or may incur additional costs that could adversely affect the company's business. if the company is unable to upgrade its financial and management controls, reporting systems, information technology systems and procedures in a timely and effective fashion, or if the company fails to obtain the quality of services necessary to operate effectively or incur greater costs in obtaining the services being provided by 21cf, the company's ability to comply with its financial reporting requirements and other rules applicable to public companies could be impaired and the company's business, financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affected.
the company has a limited operating history as a standalone, publicly traded company, and the company's historical financial information for periods prior to the date of the transaction is not necessarily representative of the results the company would have achieved as a standalone, publicly traded company and may not be a reliable indicator of the company's future results.
the company derived the historical financial information for periods prior to the date of the transaction (the "pre-transaction periods") included in this annual report from 21cf's consolidated financial statements, and this information does not necessarily reflect the results of operations and financial position the company would have achieved as a standalone, publicly traded company during the pre-transaction periods presented, or those that it will achieve in the future. this is primarily because of the following factors:
   prior to the transaction, the company operated as part of 21cf's broader corporate organization, and 21cf provided various corporate services for the company, including information technology, tax administration, treasury activities, accounting, benefits administration, legal and ethics and compliance program administration. the company's historical financial information for the pre-transaction periods reflects allocations of corporate expenses from 21cf for these and similar services. these allocations may not reflect the costs the company currently incurs, and will incur in the future, resulting from changes the company has experienced, and expects to experience, in establishing itself as a standalone, publicly traded company, including changes in the company's cost structure, personnel needs, tax structure, financing and business operations.

   the company has entered into transactions with 21cf that did not exist prior to the transaction, including in connection with the provision of transition services, which have caused, and will continue to cause, the company to incur new costs.

   in addition, the company may incur increased costs as a result of the loss of synergies the company previously enjoyed by operating as part of 21cf. following the transaction, the company has been responsible for the additional costs associated with being a standalone, publicly traded company, including costs related to corporate governance, investor and public relations and public reporting.

therefore, the company's historical financial statements relating to the pre-transaction periods may not be indicative of the company's performance as a standalone, publicly traded company.
26
the indemnification arrangements the company entered into with 21cf in connection with the transaction may require the company to divert cash to satisfy indemnification obligations to 21cf. the indemnification from 21cf may not be sufficient to insure the company against the full amount of liabilities that have been allocated to 21cf.
pursuant to the agreements the company and 21cf entered into in connection with the transaction, 21cf will indemnify the company for certain liabilities and the company will indemnify 21cf for certain liabilities. payments pursuant to these indemnities may be significant and could negatively impact our business. third parties could also seek to hold the company responsible for any of the liabilities of the businesses that were retained by 21cf in connection with the transaction. 21cf has agreed to indemnify the company for such liabilities, but such indemnity from 21cf may not be sufficient to protect the company against the full amount of such liabilities, and 21cf may not be able to fully satisfy its indemnification obligations. moreover, even if the company ultimately succeeds in recovering from 21cf any amounts for which it is held liable, the company may be temporarily required to bear these losses itself. each of these risks could negatively affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
the company could be liable for income taxes owed by 21cf.
each member of the 21cf consolidated group, which, prior to the transaction, included 21cf, the company and 21cf's other subsidiaries, is jointly and severally liable for the u.s. federal income and, in certain jurisdictions, state tax liabilities of each other member of the consolidated group for periods prior to and including the transaction. consequently, the company could be liable in the event any such liability is incurred, and not discharged, by any other member of what was previously the 21cf consolidated group. the tax matters agreement entered into in connection with the transaction requires 21cf and/or disney to indemnify the company for any such liability. disputes or assessments could arise during future audits by the internal revenue service in amounts that the company cannot quantify.
27
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations

readers should carefully review this document and the other documents filed by fox corporation ("fox" or the "company") with the securities and exchange commission (the "sec"). this section should be read together with the consolidated and combined financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k. the consolidated and combined financial statements are referred to as the "financial statements" herein.
introduction the distribution on march 19, 2019, the company became a standalone publicly traded company through the pro rata distribution by twenty-first century fox, inc. (now known as tfcf corporation) ("21cf") of all of the issued and outstanding common stock of fox to 21cf stockholders (other than holders that were subsidiaries of 21cf) (the "distribution") in accordance with the amended and restated distribution agreement and plan of merger, dated as of june 20, 2018, by and between 21cf and 21cf distribution merger sub, inc. following the distribution, 354 million and 266 million shares of the company's class a common stock, par value $0.01 per share (the "class a common stock"), and class b common stock, par value $0.01 per share (the "class b common stock" and, together with the class a common stock, the "common stock"), respectively, began trading independently on the nasdaq global select market. in connection with the distribution, the company entered into the separation and distribution agreement, dated as of march 19, 2019 (the "separation agreement"), with 21cf, which effected the internal restructuring (the "separation") whereby 21cf transferred to fox a portfolio of 21cf's news, sports and broadcast businesses, including fox news media (consisting of fox news and fox business), fox entertainment, fox sports, fox television stations, and sports cable networks fs1, fs2, fox deportes and big ten network, and certain other assets, and fox assumed from 21cf the liabilities associated with such businesses and certain other liabilities. the separation and the distribution were effected as part of a series of transactions contemplated by the amended and restated merger agreement and plan of merger, dated as of june 20, 2018 (the "21cf disney merger agreement"), by and among 21cf, the walt disney company ("disney") and certain subsidiaries of disney, pursuant to which, among other things, 21cf became a wholly-owned subsidiary of disney.
pursuant to the 21cf disney merger agreement, immediately prior to the distribution, the company paid to 21cf a dividend in the amount of $8.5 billion (the "dividend"). the final determination of the taxes in respect of the separation and the distribution for which the company is responsible pursuant to the 21cf disney merger agreement and a prepayment of the estimated taxes in respect of divestitures (collectively, the "transaction tax") was $6.5 billion. following the distribution, on march 20, 2019 the company received a cash payment in the amount of $2.0 billion from disney, which had the net effect of reducing the dividend the company paid to 21cf. the transaction tax included a prepayment of the company's share of the estimated tax liabilities resulting from the anticipated divestitures by disney of certain assets, principally the fox sports regional sports networks, which were sold by disney during calendar year 2019. this prepayment was in the amount of approximately $700 million and is subject to adjustment in the future, when the actual amounts of all such tax liabilities are reported on the federal income tax returns of disney or a subsidiary of disney (see note 22-subsequent events to the accompanying financial statements).
as a result of the separation and the distribution, which was a taxable transaction for which the estimated tax liability of $5.8 billion was included in the transaction tax paid by the company, fox obtained a tax basis in its assets equal to their respective fair market values. this resulted in estimated annual tax deductions of approximately $1.5 billion, principally over the next several years related to the amortization of the additional tax basis. this amortization is estimated to reduce the company's annual cash tax liability by $370 million per year at the current combined federal and state applicable tax rate of approximately 25%. such estimates are subject to revisions, which could be material, based upon the occurrence of future events including, among other things, a refund of the prepayment discussed above.
in connection with the separation, the company entered into several agreements that govern certain aspects of the company's relationship with 21cf and disney following the separation. these include the separation agreement, a tax matters agreement, transition services agreements, as well as agreements relating to intellectual property licenses, employee matters, commercial arrangements and a studio lot lease (see note 1-description of business and basis of presentation to the accompanying financial statements under the heading "the distribution" for additional information).
31
basis of presentation the company's financial statements as of and for the years ended june 30, 2020 and 2019 are presented on a consolidated basis. the company's consolidated financial statements for the year ended june 30, 2020 reflect the company's results of operations and cash flows as a standalone company, and the company's consolidated balance sheets as of june 30, 2020 and 2019 consist of the company's consolidated balances.
prior to the distribution, which occurred on march 19, 2019, the company's combined financial statements were prepared on a standalone basis, derived from the consolidated financial statements and accounting records of 21cf. the company's financial statements for the year ended june 30, 2018 are presented on a combined basis as the company was not a separate consolidated group prior to the distribution. these financial statements reflect the combined historical results of operations, financial position and cash flows of 21cf's domestic news, national sports and broadcast businesses and certain other assets and liabilities associated with such businesses.
the consolidated and combined statements of operations for the years ended june 30, 2019 and 2018 include, for the periods prior to march 19, 2019, allocations for certain support functions that were provided on a centralized basis within 21cf prior to the distribution and not recorded at the business unit level, such as certain expenses related to finance, legal, insurance, information technology, compliance and human resources management activities, among others. 21cf did not routinely allocate these costs to any of its business units. these expenses were allocated to fox on the basis of direct usage when identifiable, with the remainder allocated on a pro rata basis of combined revenues, headcount or other relevant measures. management believes the assumptions underlying the financial statements, including the assumptions regarding allocating general corporate expenses from 21cf, are reasonable. nevertheless, the financial statements may not include all of the actual expenses that would have been incurred by fox and may not reflect fox's consolidated results of operations, financial position and cash flows had it been a standalone company during the entirety of the periods presented. actual costs that would have been incurred if fox had been a standalone company would depend on multiple factors, including organizational structure and strategic decisions made in various areas, including information technology and infrastructure.
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is intended to help provide an understanding of the company's financial condition, changes in financial condition and results of operations. this discussion is organized as follows:
   overview of the company's business-this section provides a general description of the company's businesses, as well as developments that occurred either during the fiscal year ended june 30, ("fiscal") 2020 or early fiscal 2021 that the company believes are important in understanding its results of operations and financial condition or to disclose known trends.

   results of operations-this section provides an analysis of the company's results of operations for fiscal 2020, 2019 and 2018. this analysis is presented on both a consolidated/combined and a segment basis. in addition, a brief description is provided of significant transactions and events that impact the comparability of the results being analyzed.

   liquidity and capital resources-this section provides an analysis of the company's cash flows for fiscal 2020, 2019 and 2018, as well as a discussion of the company's outstanding debt and commitments, both firm and contingent, that existed as of june 30, 2020. included in the discussion of outstanding debt is a discussion of the amount of financial capacity available to fund the company's future commitments and obligations, as well as a discussion of other financing arrangements.

   critical accounting policies-this section discusses accounting policies considered important to the company's financial condition and results of operations, and which require significant judgment and estimates on the part of management in application. in addition, note 2-summary of significant accounting policies to the accompanying financial statements summarizes the company's significant accounting policies, including the critical accounting policy discussion found in this section.

   caution concerning forward-looking statements-this section provides a description of the use of forward-looking information appearing in this annual report on form 10-k, including in management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations. such information is based on management's current expectations about future events which are subject to change and to inherent risks and uncertainties. refer to item 1a. "risk factors" in this annual report for a discussion of the risk factors applicable to the company.

32
overview of the company's business the company is a news, sports and entertainment company, which manages and reports its businesses in the following segments:
   cable network programming, which principally consists of the production and licensing of news and sports content distributed primarily through traditional cable television systems, direct broadcast satellite operators and telecommunication companies ("traditional mvpds") and online multi-channel video programming distributors ("digital mvpds"), primarily in the u.s.

   television, which principally consists of the acquisition, marketing and distribution of broadcast network programming nationally under the fox brand and the operation of 29 full power broadcast television stations, including 11 duopolies, in the u.s. of these stations, 18 are affiliated with the fox network, 10 are affiliated with mynetworktv and one is an independent station. the television segment also includes tubi, inc. ("tubi"), a free advertising-supported video-on-demand ("avod") service.

   other, corporate and eliminations, which principally consists of the fox studio lot, credible labs inc. ("credible"), corporate overhead costs and intracompany eliminations. the fox studio lot, located in los angeles, california, provides television and film production services along with office space, studio operation services and includes all operations of the facility. credible is a u.s. consumer finance marketplace.

cable network programming and television the cable network programming and television industries continue to evolve rapidly, with changes in technology leading to alternative methods for the delivery and storage of digital content. these technological advancements have driven changes in consumer behavior as consumers seek more control over when, where and how they consume content. consumer preferences have evolved toward alternative offerings, such as subscription video-on-demand ("svod") services, avod services, mobile and social media platforms. these changes in technologies and consumer behavior have contributed to declines in the number of subscribers to traditional mvpd services, and these declines are expected to continue and possibly accelerate in the future.
at the same time, technological changes have affected advertisers' options for reaching their target audiences. there has been a substantial increase in the availability of programming with reduced advertising or without advertising at all. as consumers switch to digital consumption of video content, there is still to be developed a consistent, broadly accepted measure of audiences across the industry. furthermore, the pricing and volume of advertising may be affected by shifts in spending from more traditional media and toward digital and mobile offerings, which can deliver targeted advertising more promptly, or toward newer ways of purchasing advertising.
given these changes in technology and consumption habits, the company believes its strength in "appointment-based" content provides the company with a strategic advantage. fox differentiates itself from its competitors by focusing on audiences at a meaningful scale watching premium content in real-time and by attracting sales from advertising customers who want to reach larger audiences within specified time parameters. as the share of live news and sports consumption has increased across television viewing overall from approximately 23% of all live viewership in calendar 2015 to approximately 31% in calendar 2019, fox has strategically built one of the most-followed news and sports platforms in the country. real-time consumption of live news and sports programming has increased approximately 6% from 2015 to 2019. fox's franchises are leaders in these growing categories, generating strong demand from both advertisers and traditional and digital mvpds. as viewers increasingly move toward ad-free or delayed viewing, we believe the scale of our live audiences and premium nature of the content we deliver across our channels increasingly differentiate us from our competitors. audiences engage with fox's content in real-time and, as a result, our offerings have become more valuable to distributors and advertisers, leading to higher revenues for fox. in addition, we have expanded the distribution of our premium content across digital mvpds. all of our key networks are offered in all major digital mvpd services and we are cultivating direct interactions between fox brands and consumers outside of traditional linear television.
the company operates in a highly competitive industry and its performance is dependent, to a large extent, on the impact of changes in consumer behavior as a result of new technologies, the sale of advertising on its cable and broadcast networks and television stations, maintenance, renewal and terms of its carriage, affiliation and content agreements and programming rights, the popularity of its content, general economic conditions (including financial market conditions), the company's ability to manage its businesses effectively, and its relative strength and leverage in the industry. for more information, see item 1. "business" and item 1a. "risk factors" included herein.
33
the company's cable network programming and television segments derive a majority of their revenues from affiliate fees for the transmission of content and advertising sales. for fiscal 2020, the company generated revenues of $12.3 billion, of which approximately 48% was generated from affiliate fees, approximately 43% was generated from advertising, and approximately 9% was generated from other operating activities.
affiliate fees primarily include (i) monthly subscriber-based license and retransmission consent fees paid by programming distributors that carry our cable networks and our owned and operated television stations and (ii) fees received from television stations that are affiliated with the fox network. u.s. law governing retransmission consent provides a mechanism for the television stations owned by the company to seek and obtain payment from traditional mvpds who carry the company's broadcast signals.
affiliate fee revenues are net of the amortization of cable distribution investments (capitalized fees paid to mvpds typically to facilitate the carriage of a cable network). the company defers the cable distribution investments and amortizes the amounts on a straight-line basis over the contract period. traditional mvpds are currently the predominant means of distribution of the company's program services, while digital mvpds have become an increasingly significant share of overall distribution.
revenues are impacted by rate changes, changes in the number of subscribers to the company's content and changes in the expenditures by advertisers, which continue to be impacted by coronavirus disease 2019 ("covid-19") as discussed below. in addition, advertising revenues are subject to seasonality and cyclicality as a result of the impact of state, congressional and presidential elections cycles and special events that air on the company's networks, including the national football league's ("nfl") super bowl, which is broadcast on the fox network on a rotating basis with other networks, major league baseball's ("mlb") world series, and the federation internationale de football association ("fifa") world cup, which occurs every four years (for each of women and men), and other regular and post-season sports events, including one nfl divisional playoff game that is aired on a rotating annual basis with another network.
the most significant operating expenses of the cable network programming segment and the television segment are acquisition and production expenses related to programming, marketing and promotional expenses, and expenses related to broadcasting the company's programming. marketing and promotional expenses relate to improving the market visibility and awareness of the cable network or broadcaster and its programming. consistent with advertising revenues, sports programming and production expenses are subject to seasonality and cyclicality due to the timing of sports events as discussed above. additional expenses include salaries, employee benefits, rent and other routine overhead expenses.
the company's advertising revenues and operating expenses are generally higher and operating cash flows are generally lower in the second quarter of each fiscal year due to the concentration of sports events in the fall, including the broadcast of mlb's world series and nfl and college football games.
the profitability of u.s. national sports contracts is based on the company's best estimates at june 30, 2020 of attributable revenues and costs; such estimates may change in the future and such changes may be significant. should revenues decline materially from estimates applied at june 30, 2020, amortization of rights may be accelerated. should revenues improve as compared to estimated revenues, the company may have improved results related to the applicable contract, which may be recognized over the remaining contract term.
other, corporate and eliminations the other, corporate and eliminations segment consists primarily of the fox studio lot, credible, corporate overhead costs and intracompany eliminations.
other business developments the outbreak of the covid-19 pandemic has resulted in widespread and continuing negative impacts on the macroeconomic environment and disruption to the company's business. weak economic conditions and increased volatility and disruption in the financial markets pose risks to the company and its business partners, including advertisers whose expenditures tend to reflect overall economic conditions. the covid-19 pandemic has caused some of the company's advertisers (including, in particular, local market advertisers) to reduce their spending, and future declines in the economic prospects of advertisers or the economy in general could negatively impact their advertising expenditures further. depending on the duration and severity of the recession, it could lead to changes in consumer behavior, including increasing numbers of consumers canceling or foregoing subscriptions to mvpd services, that adversely affect the company's affiliate fee and advertising revenues. in addition, the company's business depends on the volume and
34
popularity of the content it distributes, particularly sports content. following the covid-19 outbreak, sports events to which the company has broadcast rights have been cancelled or postponed and the production of certain entertainment content the company distributes has been suspended. although some of these sports events and productions have resumed or are expected to resume during the first quarter of fiscal 2021, there may be additional content disruptions in the future. depending on their duration and severity, these disruptions could materially adversely affect the company's future advertising revenues and, over a longer period of time, its future affiliate fee revenues. to the extent the pandemic further negatively impacts the company's ability to air sports events, particularly mlb, nfl or college sports, it could result in a significantly greater adverse effect on the company's business, financial condition or results of operations than the company has experienced thus far. in addition, shifting sports schedules may negatively impact the company's ability to attract viewers and advertisers to its sports and entertainment programming. principally due to the impact of covid-19, the company's television segment experienced a 29% decline in advertising revenue in the quarter ended june 30, 2020. if current trends in television segment advertising demand continue for the entire first quarter of fiscal 2021, the company expects advertising revenue at the television segment to decrease approximately $230 million to $250 million, or approximately 30%, as compared to the corresponding period of fiscal 2020. this is due to the ongoing impact of covid-19, including continued weakness in the local advertising market in which the fox television stations operate, fewer hours of original entertainment programming and fewer college football games, as well as certain comparative items including the timing of nfl games and the absence of the prior year broadcast of the fifa women's world cup, partially offset by higher cyclical political advertising and the impact of the consolidation of tubi. if there is a significant decline in the company's estimated revenues or the expected popularity of its programming, it could lead to a downward revision in the value of, among other things, the company's reporting units, indefinite-lived intangible assets, programming rights and long-lived assets and result in a non-cash impairment charge that is material to the company's reported net earnings.
in april 2020, the company acquired tubi, an avod service, for approximately $445 million in cash (the "tubi acquisition"), net of cash acquired. potential additional consideration, in the form of deferred consideration and unvested options, totaling approximately $45 million may be due over a three-year period following the closing of the transaction and will be recognized as compensation expense over that period. the company financed the tubi acquisition principally with the net proceeds from the sale of its investment in roku, inc. ("roku"), which was sold for approximately $340 million in march 2020 (see note 3-acquisitions, disposals and other transactions to the accompanying financial statements under the heading "roku" for further discussion).
in march 2020, the company acquired three television stations (fox-affiliate kcpq and mynetworktv-affiliate kzjo located in seattle, washington and fox-affiliate witi located in milwaukee, wisconsin) for approximately $350 million in cash from nexstar media group, inc. ("nexstar"). as part of this transaction, the company sold nexstar two television stations (fox-affiliate wjzy and mynetworktv-affiliate wmyt located in charlotte, north carolina) for approximately $45 million in cash (see note 3-acquisitions, disposals and other transactions to the accompanying financial statements under the heading "television stations acquisition and divestiture" for further discussion).
on november 6, 2019, the company announced that its board of directors had authorized a stock repurchase program providing for the repurchase of $2 billion of the company's common stock. the program has no time limit and may be modified, suspended or discontinued at any time. the company also announced that it had entered into an accelerated share repurchase agreement to repurchase $350 million of class a common stock and announced its intention to promptly repurchase $150 million of class b common stock. at the same time, the company announced that it had entered into a stockholders agreement with the murdoch family trust (see note 11-stockholders' equity to the accompanying financial statements under the headings "stock repurchase program" and "stockholders agreement" for further discussion).
in october 2019, flutter entertainment plc ("flutter") and the stars group inc. ("the stars group") announced that they had reached agreement on the terms of a recommended all-share combination to create a global leader in sports betting and gaming (the "combination") and, in may 2020, the combination was completed. as part of the agreement, fox sports received the right to acquire an approximately 18.5% equity interest in fanduel group, a majority-owned subsidiary of flutter, at its market value in 2021 (structured as a 10-year option from 2021, subject to a carrying value adjustment). in may 2020, the company invested an additional approximately $100 million in flutter, which increased the company's equity interest in flutter to approximately 3%.
in october 2019, the company acquired 67% of the equity in credible for approximately $260 million in cash, net of cash acquired (see note 3-acquisitions, disposals and other transactions to the accompanying financial statements under the heading "credible acquisition" for further discussion).
35
results of operations results of operations-fiscal 2020 versus fiscal 2019
the following table sets forth the company's operating results for fiscal 2020, as compared to fiscal 2019:
for the years ended june 30,

2020                   2019                           change                      % change
(in millions, except %)                                                                                                                 better/(worse)
revenues affiliate fee                                                         $5,908                 $5,512                 $396                 7       %
advertising                                                            5,333                  5,056                  277                 5       %
other                                                                  1,062                    821                  241                29       %
total revenues                                                        12,303                 11,389                  914                 8       %
operating expenses                                                    (7,807   )             (7,327   )             (480   )            (7   )   %
selling, general and administrative                                   (1,741   )             (1,419   )             (322   )           (23   )   %
depreciation and amortization                                           (258   )               (212   )              (46   )           (22   )   %
impairment and restructuring charges                                    (451   )                (26   )             (425   )            **
interest expense                                                        (369   )               (203   )             (166   )           (82   )   %
interest income                                                           35                     41                   (6   )           (15   )   %
other, net                                                              (248   )                (19   )             (229   )            **
income before income tax expense                                       1,464                  2,224                 (760   )           (34   )   %
income tax expense                                                      (402   )               (581   )              179                31       %
net income                                                             1,062                  1,643                 (581   )           (35   )   %
less: net income attributable to noncontrolling interests                (63   )                (48   )              (15   )           (31   )   %
net income attributable to fox corporation stockholders                 $999                 $1,595                $(596   )           (37   )   %
**   not meaningful

overview-the company's revenues increased 8% for fiscal 2020, as compared to fiscal 2019, due to higher affiliate fee, advertising and other revenues. the increase in affiliate fee revenue was primarily due to higher average rates per subscriber and higher fees received from television stations that are affiliated with the fox network, partially offset by the impact of a lower average number of subscribers. the increase in advertising revenue was primarily due to the broadcast of the nfl's super bowl liv, higher pricing and higher digital advertising revenue, including the impact of the consolidation of tubi, partially offset by the impact of covid-19 (including a decline in the local advertising market and the postponement of live sports events), lower political advertising revenue at the fox television stations due to the u.s. midterm elections in november 2018, the effect of fewer broadcasts of fifa world cup events and one less nfl divisional playoff game. the increase in other revenues was primarily due to the impact of the consolidation of bento box entertainment, llc ("bento box") and credible in fiscal 2020 and revenues generated from the operation of the fox studio lot for third parties.
operating expenses increased 7% for fiscal 2020, as compared to fiscal 2019, primarily due to higher sports programming rights amortization and production costs at the television segment, including super bowl liv costs, the impact of the consolidation of bento box, credible and tubi, the recognition of a write-down of approximately $95 million related to programming rights as compared to approximately $55 million in the prior year (see note 5-inventories, net to the accompanying financial statements) and higher broadcast costs related to operating as a standalone public company. partially offsetting the increase in operating expenses was the broadcast of fewer sports events as a result of covid-19, fewer broadcasts of fifa world cup events and one less nfl divisional playoff game.
selling, general and administrative expenses increased 23% for fiscal 2020, as compared to fiscal 2019, primarily due to higher costs in fiscal 2020 related to operating as a standalone public company as compared to a partial year of allocated costs in fiscal 2019 (see note 1-description of business and basis of presentation to the accompanying financial statements under the heading "basis of presentation" for additional information), a full year of costs of operating the fox studio lot for third parties, increased bad debt expense and the impact of the consolidation of bento box and credible. also contributing to the increase in selling, general and administrative expenses in fiscal 2020 were incremental equity-based compensation costs of approximately $40 million related to the grant of restricted stock units and stock options in connection with the distribution under the fox corporation 2019 shareholder alignment plan (see note 12-equity-based compensation to the accompanying financial statements).
36
depreciation and amortization-depreciation and amortization expense increased 22% for fiscal 2020, as compared to fiscal 2019, primarily due to higher costs in fiscal 2020 related to operating as a standalone public company following the distribution as compared to a partial year of allocated costs in fiscal 2019 and the impact of the consolidation of credible, tubi and three television stations.
impairment and restructuring charges-see note 4-restructuring programs to the accompanying financial statements.
interest expense-interest expense increased 82% for fiscal 2020, as compared to fiscal 2019, primarily due to the issuance of $6.8 billion of senior notes in january 2019 and $1.2 billion of senior notes in april 2020, partially offset by the effect of the bridge credit agreement commitment letter which was entered into in december 2017, including the write-off of unamortized costs as a result of the termination of the bridge credit agreement in march 2019 (see note 9-borrowings to the accompanying financial statements for additional information).
other, net-see note 21-additional financial information to the accompanying financial statements under the heading "other, net."
income tax expense-the company's tax provision and related effective tax rate of 27% for fiscal 2020 was higher than the statutory rate of 21% primarily due to state taxes and other permanent items.
the company's tax provision and related effective tax rate of 26% for fiscal 2019 was higher than the statutory rate of 21% primarily due to the impact of state taxes (see note 16-income taxes to the accompanying financial statements).
net income-net income decreased 35% for fiscal 2020, as compared to fiscal 2019, primarily due to restructuring charges at the cable network programming and television segments reflecting contract termination costs related to a programming rights agreement with the united states golf association ("usga") (see note 4-restructuring programs to the accompanying financial statements under the heading "fiscal 2020"), higher costs in fiscal 2020 related to operating as a standalone public company, including interest expense, and lower net gains on investments in equity securities (see note 21-additional financial information to the accompanying financial statements under the heading "other, net"). partially offsetting these decreases was higher segment ebitda (as defined in note 17-segment information to the accompanying financial statements) at the cable network programming segment and lower income tax expense.
37
results of operations-fiscal 2019 versus fiscal 201
the following table sets forth the company's operating results for fiscal 2019, as compared to fiscal 2018:
for the years ended june 30,

2019                   2018                            change           % change
(in millions, except %)                                                                                                                  better/(worse)
revenues affiliate fee                                                         $5,512                 $4,923                  $589           12            %
advertising                                                            5,056                  4,598                   458           10            %
other                                                                    821                    632                   189           30            %
total revenues                                                        11,389                 10,153                 1,236           12            %
operating expenses                                                    (7,327   )             (6,505   )              (822   )           (13   )   %
selling, general and administrative                                   (1,419   )             (1,209   )              (210   )           (17   )   %
depreciation and amortization                                           (212   )               (171   )               (41   )           (24   )   %
impairment and restructuring charges                                     (26   )                (16   )               (10   )           (63   )   %
interest expense                                                        (203   )                (43   )              (160   )       **
interest income                                                           41                      -                    41           **
other, net                                                               (19   )                (39   )                20           51            %
income before income tax (expense) benefit                             2,224                  2,170                    54           2             %
income tax (expense) benefit                                            (581   )                 58                  (639   )       **
net income                                                             1,643                  2,228                  (585   )           (26   )   %
less: net income attributable to noncontrolling interests                (48   )                (41   )                (7   )           (17   )   %
net income attributable to fox corporation stockholders               $1,595                 $2,187                 $(592   )           (27   )   %
**   not meaningful

overview-the company's revenues increased 12% for fiscal 2019, as compared to fiscal 2018, due to higher affiliate fee, advertising and other revenues. the increase in affiliate fee revenue was primarily attributable to higher average rates per subscriber across all networks, led by contractual rate increases on existing affiliate agreements and from affiliate agreement renewals. the increase in advertising revenue was primarily due to the broadcast of fox's inaugural season of nfl thursday night football ("tnf") and an additional nfl postseason game on the fox network, higher cyclical political advertising revenue due to the u.s. midterm elections at the fox television stations and higher digital advertising revenue at fox news. the increase in other revenues was primarily due to higher digital content licensing revenue at the fox network.
operating expenses increased 13% for fiscal 2019, as compared to fiscal 2018, primarily due to higher sports programming rights amortization and production costs, including the additional nfl games, and the recognition of a write-down of approximately $55 million related to entertainment and syndicated programming rights (see note 5-inventories, net to the accompanying financial statements).
selling, general and administrative expenses increased 17% primarily due to higher costs in fiscal 2019 related to operating as a standalone public company following the distribution as compared to allocated costs in fiscal 2018. also contributing to the increase in selling, general and administrative expenses were higher allocated costs of approximately $50 million for the first three quarters of fiscal 2019, as compared to the corresponding period of fiscal 2018, principally due to an increase in revenues which was the primary measure to allocate on a pro rata basis certain general corporate expenses from 21cf. in addition, fiscal 2019 includes equity-based compensation costs of approximately $15 million related to the initial grant of restricted stock units and stock options under the fox corporation 2019 shareholder alignment plan (see note 12-equity-based compensation to the accompanying financial statements).
depreciation and amortization-depreciation and amortization expense increased 24% primarily due to higher costs in fiscal 2019 related to operating as a standalone public company following the distribution as compared to a full year of allocated costs in fiscal 2018.
38
interest expense-interest expense increased $160 million for fiscal 2019, as compared to fiscal 2018, primarily due to the issuance of $6.8 billion of senior notes in january 2019 and the effect of the bridge credit agreement commitment letter which was entered into in december 2017, including the write-off of unamortized costs as a result of the termination of the bridge credit agreement in march 2019 (see note -borrowings to the accompanying financial statements for additional information).
interest income-interest income increased $41 million for fiscal 2019, as compared to fiscal 2018, primarily due to a higher average cash balance and higher average interest rates.
other, net-see note 21-additional financial information to the accompanying financial statements under the heading "other, net."
income tax (expense) benefit-the company's tax provision and related effective tax rate of 26% for fiscal 2019 was higher than the statutory rate of 21% primarily due to the impact of state taxes.
the company's tax provision and related effective tax rate of (3)% for fiscal 2018 was lower than the statutory rate of 28% primarily due to a $607 million tax benefit which reflects the effects of the legislation in the u.s. passed on december 22, 2017, commonly referred to as the tax cuts and jobs act (the "tax act") (see note 16-income taxes to the accompanying financial statements).
net income-net income decreased 26% for fiscal 2019, as compared to fiscal 2018, primarily due to the absence of an income tax benefit resulting from the tax act in the prior year.
segment analysis the company's operating segments have been determined in accordance with the company's internal management structure, which is organized based on operating activities. the company evaluates performance based upon several factors, of which the primary financial measure is segment operating income before depreciation and amortization, or segment ebitda. due to the integrated nature of these operating segments, estimates and judgments are made in allocating certain assets, revenues and expenses.
segment ebitda is defined as revenues less operating expenses and selling, general and administrative expenses. segment ebitda does not include: amortization of cable distribution investments, depreciation and amortization, impairment and restructuring charges, interest expense, interest income, other, net and income tax (expense) benefit. management believes that segment ebitda is an appropriate measure for evaluating the operating performance of the company's business segments because it is the primary measure used by the company's chief operating decision maker to evaluate the performance of and allocate resources to the company's businesses.
fiscal 2020 versus fiscal 2019
the following tables set forth the company's revenues and segment ebitda for fiscal 2020, as compared to fiscal 2019:
for the years ended june 30,

2020                  2019                         change           % change
(in millions, except %)                                                                                     better/(worse)
revenues cable network programming                    $5,492                $5,381                $111           2            %
television                                    6,661                 5,979                 682           11           %
other, corporate and eliminations               150                    29                 121               **
total revenues                              $12,303               $11,389                $914           8            %
**   not meaningful

39
for the years ended june 30,

2020                 2019                     change              % change
(in millions, except %)                                                           better/(worse)
segment ebitda cable network programming                   $2,706               $2,495           $211                8             %
television                                     430                  470                 (40   )            (9   )   %
other, corporate and eliminations             (357   )             (284   )             (73   )           (26   )   %
adjusted ebitda(a)                          $2,779               $2,681           $98                 4             %
(a)   for a discussion of adjusted ebitda and a reconciliation of net income to adjusted ebitda, see "non-gaap financial measures" below.

cable network programming (45% and 47% of the company's revenues in fiscal 2020 and 2019, respectively)
for the years ended june 30,

2020                   2019                          change                      % change
(in millions, except %)                                                                                                     better/(worse)
revenues affiliate fee                                              $3,870                 $3,804                 $66                 2       %
advertising                                                 1,164                  1,184                 (20   )            (2   )   %
other                                                         458                    393                  65                17       %
total revenues                                              5,492                  5,381                 111                 2       %
operating expenses                                         (2,316   )             (2,477   )             161                 6       %
selling, general and administrative                          (494   )               (447   )             (47   )           (11   )   %
amortization of cable distribution investments                 24                     38                 (14   )           (37   )   %
segment ebitda                                             $2,706                 $2,495                $211                 8       %
revenues at the cable network programming segment increased for fiscal 2020, as compared to fiscal 2019, due to higher affiliate fee and other revenues, partially offset by lower advertising revenue. the increase in affiliate fee revenue was primarily attributable to higher average rates per subscriber, led by contractual rate increases on existing affiliate agreements and from affiliate agreement renewals, partially offset by the impact of a lower average number of subscribers. the decrease in the average number of subscribers was due to a reduction in subscribers to traditional mvpds, partially offset by an increase in digital mvpd subscribers. the decrease in advertising revenue was primarily due to the broadcast of fewer sports events, including national association of stock car auto racing ("nascar"), mlb and major league soccer, and studio shows as a result of covid-19, the effect of fewer broadcasts of fifa world cup events and the absence of ultimate fighting championship ("ufc") content, partially offset by higher digital advertising revenue at fox news media. the increase in other revenues was primarily attributable to higher sports sublicensing revenue and increased revenues generated from premier boxing champions ("pbc") pay-per-view events at fox sports and higher revenues at fox news media.
cable network programming segment ebitda increased for fiscal 2020, as compared to fiscal 2019, due to the revenue increases noted above and lower expenses. operating expenses decreased primarily due to lower sports programming rights amortization and production costs driven by the postponement of live sports events as a result of covid-19, the absence of ufc content and fewer broadcasts of fifa world cup events. partially offsetting these decreases in operating expenses were higher sports programming rights amortization for content in the first half of fiscal 2020, including nascar and college football, higher costs at fox news media, including costs relating to newsgathering, fox nation and talent, and the recognition of a write-down of approximately $50 million related to sports programming rights. selling, general and administrative expenses increased primarily due to higher costs related to operating as a standalone public company and increased bad debt expense.
40
television (54% and 52% of the company's revenues in fiscal 2020 and 2019, respectively)
for the years ended june 30,

2020                   2019                       change                          % change
(in millions, except %)                                                                 better/(worse)
revenues advertising                                     $4,169                 $3,872           $297                       8       %
affiliate fee                                    2,038                  1,708           330                       19       %
other                                              454                    399           55                        14       %
total revenues                                   6,661                  5,979           682                       11       %
operating expenses                              (5,437   )             (4,847   )             (590   )           (12   )   %
selling, general and administrative               (794   )               (662   )             (132   )           (20   )   %
segment ebitda                                    $430                   $470           $(40         )            (9   )   %
revenues at the television segment increased for fiscal 2020, as compared to fiscal 2019, due to higher advertising, affiliate fee and other revenues. the increase in advertising revenue was primarily due to revenues resulting from the broadcast of super bowl liv in february 2020 of approximately $500 million, including the post-game broadcast of the masked singer, higher pricing at the fox network, increased digital advertising revenue, including the impact of the consolidation of tubi, and the broadcast of two additional mlb world series games. partially offsetting the increase in advertising revenue was the impact of covid-19, including a decline in the local advertising market and the postponement of live sports events, lower political advertising revenue at the fox television stations due to the u.s. midterm elections in november 2018, lower ratings at the fox network, fewer broadcasts of fifa world cup events and one less nfl divisional playoff game. the increase in affiliate fee revenue was primarily due to higher fees received from television stations that are affiliated with the fox network and higher average rates per subscriber, partially offset by a lower average number of subscribers at the company's owned and operated television stations. the increase in other revenues was primarily due to the impact of the consolidation of bento box, partially offset by lower digital content licensing revenue at the fox network.
television segment ebitda decreased for fiscal 2020, as compared to fiscal 2019, due to higher expenses, partially offset by the revenue increases noted above. operating expenses increased primarily due to higher sports programming rights amortization and production costs, including super bowl liv costs, the impact of the consolidation of bento box and tubi, higher costs related to investments in scripted original programming and co-production arrangements with third party studios and costs related to the launch of wwe friday night smackdown, partially offset by the postponement of live sports events and fewer hours of scripted original programming as a result of covid-19, the effect of fewer broadcasts of fifa world cup events and the absence of one nfl divisional playoff game. selling, general and administrative expenses increased primarily due to higher costs related to operating as a standalone public company and increased bad debt expense.
other, corporate and eliminations (1% of the company's revenues for fiscal 2020 and 2019)
for the years ended june 30,

2020                2019                    change               % change
(in millions, except %)                                                           better/(worse)
revenues                                  $150                $29                 $121                 **
operating expenses                              (54   )              (3   )             (51    )       **
selling, general and administrative            (453   )            (310   )             (143   )           (46   )   %
segment ebitda                            $(357       )       $(284       )       $(73         )           (26   )   %
**   not meaningful

revenues at the other, corporate and eliminations segment increased for fiscal 2020, as compared to fiscal 2019, primarily due to a full year of revenues generated from the operation of the fox studio lot for third parties and the impact of the consolidation of credible. operating expenses increased principally due to the consolidation of credible and a full year of costs of operating the fox studio lot for third parties. selling, general and administrative expenses increased primarily due to higher costs related to operating as a standalone public company, a full year of costs of operating the fox studio lot for third parties and the consolidation of credible.
41
fiscal 2019 versus fiscal 2018
the following tables set forth the company's revenues and segment ebitda for fiscal 2019, as compared to fiscal 2018:
for the years ended june 30,

2019                  2018                         change           % change
(in millions, except %)                                                                                    better/(worse)
revenues cable network programming                    $5,381                $5,049                $332           7           %
television                                    5,979                 5,106                 873           17          %
other, corporate and eliminations                29                    (2   )              31           **
total revenues                              $11,389               $10,153              $1,236           12          %
**   not meaningful

for the years ended june 30,

2019                 2018                     change              % change
(in millions, except %)                                                           better/(worse)
segment ebitda cable network programming                   $2,495               $2,308           $187                8             %
television                                     470                  379           91                  24            %
other, corporate and eliminations             (284   )             (195   )             (89   )           (46   )   %
adjusted ebitda(a)                          $2,681               $2,492           $189                8             %
(a)   for a discussion of adjusted ebitda and a reconciliation of net income to adjusted ebitda, see "non-gaap financial measures" below.

cable network programming (47% and 50% of the company's revenues in fiscal 2019 and 2018, respectively)
for the years ended june 30,

2019                   2018                          change                      % change
(in millions, except %)                                                                                                     better/(worse)
revenues affiliate fee                                              $3,804                 $3,541                $263                 7       %
advertising                                                 1,184                  1,120                  64                 6       %
other                                                         393                    388                   5                 1       %
total revenues                                              5,381                  5,049                 332                 7       %
operating expenses                                         (2,477   )             (2,394   )             (83   )            (3   )   %
selling, general and administrative                          (447   )               (400   )             (47   )           (12   )   %
amortization of cable distribution investments                 38                     53                 (15   )           (28   )   %
segment ebitda                                             $2,495                 $2,308                $187                 8       %
revenues at the cable network programming segment increased for fiscal 2019, as compared to fiscal 2018, primarily due to higher affiliate fee and advertising revenues. the increase in affiliate fee revenue was primarily attributable to higher average rates per subscriber across all networks, led by contractual rate increases on existing affiliate agreements and from affiliate agreement renewals, partially offset by the impact of a lower average number of subscribers across almost all networks. the decrease in the average number of subscribers was due to a reduction in subscribers to traditional mvpds, partially offset by an increase in digital mvpd subscribers. the increase in advertising revenue was primarily due to higher digital advertising revenue at fox news and higher ratings for the daily studio programming at fs1, partially offset by the broadcast of two fewer 2018 mlb postseason games at fs1 and the absence of ufc in the second half of fiscal 2019.
42
cable network programming segment ebitda increased for fiscal 2019, as compared to fiscal 2018, due to the revenue increases noted above, partially offset by higher expenses. operating expenses increased principally due to higher sports programming rights amortization and production costs, including the impact of higher amortization for college sports, nascar and the fifa world cup events and the addition of pbc at fs1, partially offset by the absence of ufc in the second half of fiscal 2019 and the uefa champions league. also contributing to the increase in operating expenses were launch costs incurred in connection with the company's direct-to-consumer initiative at fox news. selling, general and administrative expenses increased primarily due to higher costs in fiscal 2019 related to operating as a standalone public company following the distribution as compared to a full year of allocated costs in fiscal 2018.
television (52% and 50% of the company's revenues in fiscal 2019 and 2018, respectively)
for the years ended june 30,

2019                   2018                           change                      % change
(in millions, except %)                                                                                           better/(worse)
revenues advertising                                     $3,872                 $3,478                 $394                11       %
affiliate fee                                    1,708                  1,382                  326                24       %
other                                              399                    246                  153                62       %
total revenues                                   5,979                  5,106                  873                17       %
operating expenses                              (4,847   )             (4,113   )             (734   )           (18   )   %
selling, general and administrative               (662   )               (614   )              (48   )            (8   )   %
segment ebitda                                    $470                   $379                  $91                24       %
revenues at the television segment increased for fiscal 2019, as compared to fiscal 2018, due to higher advertising, affiliate fee and other revenues. the increase in advertising revenue was primarily due to the broadcast of fox's inaugural season of tnf and an additional nfl postseason game on the fox network and higher cyclical political advertising revenue due to the u.s. midterm elections at the fox television stations. also contributing to the increase in advertising revenue was higher pricing for entertainment programming at the fox network and the broadcast of the fifa world cup events, partially offset by two fewer broadcasts of the 2018 mlb world series games and lower ratings for entertainment programming on the fox network. the increase in affiliate fee revenue was primarily due to higher fees received from television stations that are affiliated with the fox network. the increase in other revenues was primarily due to higher digital content licensing revenue at the fox network.
television segment ebitda increased for fiscal 2019, as compared to fiscal 2018, due to the revenue increases noted above, partially offset by higher expenses. operating expenses increased primarily due to higher sports programming rights amortization and production costs, including the additional nfl games as well as higher amortization for the fifa world cup events, and the recognition of a write-down of approximately $55 million related to entertainment and syndicated programming rights (see note 5-inventories, net to the accompanying financial statements). partially offsetting these increases in operating expenses were lower entertainment programming rights amortization and marketing costs as a result of fewer hours of original programming in fiscal 2019 as compared to fiscal 2018. selling, general and administrative expenses increased primarily due to higher costs in fiscal 2019 related to operating as a standalone public company following the distribution as compared to a full year of allocated costs in fiscal 2018.
non-gaap financial measures beginning with the announcement of the company's financial results for the first quarter of fiscal 2020, the company has renamed as "adjusted ebitda" the measure that it had previously referred to as "total segment ebitda" and, prior to the announcement of the company's financial results for the third quarter of fiscal 2019, as "total segment oibda." the definition of this measure has not changed: adjusted ebitda is defined as revenues less operating expenses and selling, general and administrative expenses. adjusted ebitda does not include: amortization of cable distribution investments, depreciation and amortization, impairment and restructuring charges, interest expense, interest income, other, net and income tax (expense) benefit.
management believes that information about adjusted ebitda assists all users of the company's financial statements by allowing them to evaluate changes in the operating results of the company's portfolio of businesses separate from non-operational factors that affect net income, thus providing insight into both operations and the other factors that affect reported results. adjusted ebitda provides management, investors and equity analysts a measure to analyze the operating performance of the company's business and its enterprise value against historical data and
43
competitors' data, although historical results, including adjusted ebitda, may not be indicative of future results (as operating performance is highly contingent on many factors, including customer tastes and preferences and the impact of covid-19 and other widespread health emergencies or pandemics and measures to contain their spread).
adjusted ebitda is considered a non-gaap financial measure and should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for, net income, cash flow and other measures of financial performance reported in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap"). in addition, this measure does not reflect cash available to fund requirements and excludes items, such as depreciation and amortization and impairment charges, which are significant components in assessing the company's financial performance. adjusted ebitda may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies.
fiscal 2020 versus fiscal 2019
the following table reconciles net income to adjusted ebitda for fiscal 2020, as compared to fiscal 2019:
for the years ended june 30,

2020                     2019
(in millions)
net income                                                $1,062                      $1,643
add amortization of cable distribution investments                24                          38
depreciation and amortization                                258                         212
impairment and restructuring charges                         451                          26
interest expense                                             369                         203
interest income                                              (35      )                  (41   )
other, net                                                   248                          19
income tax expense                                           402                         581
adjusted ebitda                                           $2,779                      $2,681
the following table sets forth the computation of adjusted ebitda for fiscal 2020, as compared to fiscal 2019:
for the years ended june 30,

2020                       2019
(in millions)
revenues                                                   $12,303                       $11,389
operating expenses                                          (7,807      )                 (7,327   )
selling, general and administrative                         (1,741      )                 (1,419   )
amortization of cable distribution investments                  24                            38
adjusted ebitda                                             $2,779                        $2,681
fiscal 2019 versus fiscal 2018
the following table reconciles net income to adjusted ebitda for fiscal 2019, as compared to fiscal 2018:
for the years ended june 30,

2019                     2018
(in millions)
net income                                                $1,643                      $2,228
add amortization of cable distribution investments                38                          53
depreciation and amortization                                212                         171
impairment and restructuring charges                          26                          16
interest expense                                             203                          43
interest income                                              (41      )                    -
other, net                                                    19                          39
income tax expense (benefit)                                 581                         (58   )
adjusted ebitda                                           $2,681                      $2,492
44
the following table sets forth the computation of adjusted ebitda for fiscal 2019, as compared to fiscal 2018:
for the years ended june 30,

2019                       2018
(in millions)
revenues                                                   $11,389                       $10,153
operating expenses                                          (7,327      )                 (6,505   )
selling, general and administrative                         (1,419      )                 (1,209   )
amortization of cable distribution investments                  38                            53
adjusted ebitda                                             $2,681                        $2,492
liquidity and capital resources current financial condition the company's principal source of liquidity is internally generated funds which are highly dependent upon the continuation of affiliate agreements and the state of the advertising markets, the latter of which is being negatively impacted by the weak economic environment as a result of covid-19. depending on the duration and severity of the recession, it could lead to changes in consumer behavior, including increasing numbers of consumers canceling or foregoing subscriptions to mvpd services, that adversely affect the company's affiliate fee and advertising revenues. in addition, the company's business depends on the volume and popularity of the content it distributes, particularly sports content. following the covid-19 outbreak, sports events to which the company has broadcast rights have been cancelled or postponed and the production of certain entertainment content the company distributes has been suspended. depending on their duration and severity, these disruptions could materially adversely affect the company's future advertising revenues and, over a longer period of time, its future affiliate fee revenues. the magnitude of the impact of the covid-19 pandemic on the company is highly uncertain and subject to change and will depend on evolving factors beyond the company's control. these include the duration and extent of the pandemic, including whether there is a "second-wave," increases or spikes in the number of cases, or future mutations or related strains of the virus; the duration and extent of the recession, the pace of economic recovery and the economic and operating conditions facing the company and others in the pandemic's aftermath; the effect of governmental actions; and potential changes in consumer behavior. as part of actions the company is taking to address covid-19 and the resulting impact on its business, operations and employees, in april 2020, the company implemented short-term cost reductions, including reducing executive compensation and suspending compensation increases. the company has approximately $4.6 billion of cash and cash equivalents as of june 30, 2020 and an unused five-year $1.0 billion unsecured revolving credit facility (see note 9-borrowings to the accompanying financial statements). the company also has access to the worldwide capital markets, subject to market conditions which could be impacted by covid-19. as of june 30, 2020, the company was in compliance with all of the covenants under the revolving credit facility, and it does not anticipate any noncompliance with such covenants.
the principal uses of cash that affect the company's liquidity position include the following: the acquisition of rights and related payments for entertainment and sports programming; operational expenditures including production costs; marketing and promotional expenses; expenses related to broadcasting the company's programming along with investing approximately $150 million to $200 million in establishing standalone technical facilities over the two years following the distribution; employee and facility costs; capital expenditures; acquisitions; interest and dividend payments; debt repayments; and stock repurchases.
in addition to the acquisitions, sales and possible acquisitions disclosed elsewhere, the company has evaluated, and expects to continue to evaluate, possible acquisitions and dispositions of certain businesses and assets. such transactions may be material and may involve cash, the company's securities or the assumption of additional indebtedness. see note 3-acquisitions, disposals and other transactions to the accompanying financial statements.
45
sources and uses of cash-fiscal 2020 vs. fiscal 2019
net cash provided by operating activities for fiscal 2020 and 2019 was as follows (in millions):
for the years ended june 30,              2020            2019

net cash provided by operating activities          $2,365          $2,524
the decrease in net cash provided by operating activities during fiscal 2020, as compared to fiscal 2019, was primarily due to a payment to the usga for contract termination costs related to the associated programming rights, higher cash paid for interest as a result of the senior notes issued in january 2019 and cash paid for income taxes as a result of operating as a standalone public company, partially offset by higher cash receipts at the television segment.
net cash used in investing activities for fiscal 2020 and 2019 was as follows (in millions):
for the years ended june 30,            2020               2019

net cash used in investing activities       $(1,100     )       $(637     )
the increase in net cash used in investing activities during fiscal 2020, as compared to fiscal 2019, was primarily due to the acquisitions of tubi, three television stations and credible and the investment in flutter, partially offset by the cash proceeds from the sale of the company's investment in roku during fiscal 2020 as compared to the investments in the stars group, caffeine, inc. ("caffeine") and caffeine studio, llc ("caffeine studios") during fiscal 2019 (see note 3-acquisitions, disposals and other transactions to the accompanying financial statements).
net cash provided by (used in) financing activities for fiscal 2020 and 2019 was as follows (in millions):
for the years ended june 30,                  2020           2019

net cash provided by (used in) financing activities          $146       $(1,153     )
the change in net cash provided by (used in) financing activities during fiscal 2020, as compared to fiscal 2019, was primarily due to the april 2020 issuance of $1.2 billion of senior notes, partially offset by repurchases of shares of the company's common stock and dividends paid to the company's stockholders during fiscal 2020 as compared to the net transfers to twenty-first century fox, inc. of $1.2 billion, the dividend of $8.5 billion paid to 21cf net of the $2 billion cash payment received from disney and the semi-annual cash dividend paid to the company's stockholders in june 2019, partially offset by the proceeds from the january 2019 issuance of $6.8 billion of senior notes during fiscal 2019. the nature of activities included in net transfers (to) from twenty-first century fox, inc. includes financing activities, capital transfers, cash sweeps, other treasury services and corporate expenses.
stock repurchase program see note 11-stockholders' equity to the accompanying financial statements under the heading "stock repurchase program."
dividends dividends paid in fiscal 2020 totaled $0.46 per share of class a common stock and class b common stock. subsequent to june 30, 2020, the company declared a semi-annual dividend of $0.23 per share on both the class a common stock and the class b common stock. the dividend declared is payable on october 7, 2020 with a record date for determining dividend entitlements of september 2, 2020.
based on the number of shares outstanding as of june 30, 2020 and the prospective annual dividend rate stated above, the total aggregate cash dividends expected to be paid to stockholders in fiscal 2021 is approximately $280 million.
46
sources and uses of cash-fiscal 2019 vs. fiscal 2018
net cash provided by operating activities for fiscal 2019 and 2018 was as follows (in millions):
for the years ended june 30,              2019            2018

net cash provided by operating activities          $2,524          $1,317
the increase in net cash provided by operating activities during fiscal 2019, as compared to fiscal 2018, was primarily due to lower cash payments for entertainment programming and higher sports programming rights amortization over cash payments at the television segment and higher operating results.
net cash (used in) provided by investing activities for fiscal 2019 and 2018 was as follows (in millions):
for the years ended june 30,                  2019              2018

net cash (used in) provided by investing activities       $(637     )          $128
the change in net cash (used in) provided by investing activities during fiscal 2019, as compared to fiscal 2018, was primarily due to the investments in the stars group, caffeine and caffeine studios and the absence of cash received from the federal communications commission's ("fcc") completed reverse auction for broadcast spectrum (see note 3-acquisitions, disposals and other transactions to the accompanying financial statements).
net cash (used in) provided by financing activities for fiscal 2019 and 2018 was as follows (in millions):
for the years ended june 30,                   2019                2018

net cash (used in) provided by financing activities       $(1,153     )          $1,036
the change in net cash (used in) provided by financing activities during fiscal 2019, as compared to fiscal 2018, was primarily due to net transfers to twenty-first century fox, inc. of $1.2 billion in fiscal 2019, as compared to net transfers from twenty-first century fox, inc. of $1.1 billion in fiscal 2018. also contributing to the change in net cash (used in) provided by financing activities was the dividend of $8.5 billion paid to 21cf net of the $2 billion cash payment received from disney and the semi-annual cash dividend paid to the company's stockholders in june 2019, partially offset by the proceeds from the issuance of $6.8 billion of senior notes in january 2019 (see note 9-borrowings to the accompanying financial statements for additional information). the nature of activities included in net transfers (to) from twenty-first century fox, inc. includes financing activities, capital transfers, cash sweeps, other treasury services and corporate expenses. prior to december 31, 2017, the majority of the cash balances were swept to 21cf on a daily basis and the company received capital from 21cf for the company's cash needs. effective january 1, 2018, the company ceased participating in 21cf's capital and cash management accounts.
debt instruments the following table summarizes cash from borrowings for fiscal 2020, 2019 and 2018:
for the years ended june 30,

2020                 2019                    2018
(in millions)
borrowings notes due 2025 and 2030(a)                            $1,191             $-                      $-
notes due 2022, 2024, 2029, 2039 and 2049(a)               -                   6,750                  -
total borrowings                                      $1,191             $6,750                  $-
(a)   see note 9-borrowings to the accompanying financial statements under the heading "public debt - senior notes issued."

47
ratings of the senior notes the following table summarizes the company's credit ratings as of june 30, 2020:
rating agency       senior debt   outlook

moody's                 baa2          stable standard &amp; poor's   bbb           stable revolving credit agreement the company has an unused five-year $1.0 billion unsecured revolving credit facility with a maturity date of march 2024 (see note 9-borrowings to the accompanying financial statements).
commitments and contingencies the company has commitments under certain firm contractual arrangements ("firm commitments"), to make future payments. these firm commitments secure the future rights to various assets and services to be used in the normal course of operations. the following table summarizes the company's material firm commitments as of june 30, 2020:
as of june 30, 2020

payments due by period total                       1 year             2 - 3 years             4 - 5 years           after 5 years
(in millions)
operating leases                                            $668                          $135                    $190                    $174           $169
borrowings                                                         8,000                     -                     750                   1,850                    5,400
sports programming rights                                         27,146                 4,136                   9,043                   4,201                    9,766
entertainment programming rights                            706                            511                     140                      55                    -
other commitments and contractual obligations               812                            224                     347                      99           142
total commitments, borrowings and contractual obligations   $37,332                     $5,006                 $10,470                  $6,379           $15,477
for additional details on commitments see note 14-commitments and contingencies to the accompanying financial statements under the headings "operating leases," "sports programming rights" and "other commitments and contractual obligations."
pension and other postretirement benefits and uncertain tax benefits the table above excludes the company's pension, other postretirement benefits ("opeb") obligations and the gross unrecognized tax benefits for uncertain tax positions as the company is unable to reasonably predict the ultimate amount and timing. the company made contributions of $30 million and $83 million to its direct pension plans in fiscal 2020 and 2019, respectively. the majority of these contributions were voluntarily made to improve the funded status of the plans. future plan contributions are dependent upon actual plan asset returns, interest rates and statutory requirements. assuming that actual plan asset returns are consistent with the company's expected plan returns in fiscal 2021 and beyond and that interest rates remain constant, the company would not be required to make any material contributions to its pension plans for the immediate future. required pension plan contributions for the next fiscal year are not expected to be material but the company may make voluntary contributions in future periods. payments due to participants under the company's pension plans are primarily paid out of underlying trusts. payments due under the company's opeb plans are not required to be funded in advance, but are paid as medical costs are incurred by covered retiree populations, and are principally dependent upon the future cost of retiree medical benefits under the company's pension plans. the company does not expect its net opeb payments to be material in fiscal 2021 (see note 15-pension and other postretirement benefits to the accompanying financial statements for further discussion of the company's pension and opeb plans).
contingencies see note 14-commitments and contingencies to the accompanying financial statements under the heading "contingencies."
48
critical accounting policies an accounting policy is considered to be critical if it is important to the company's financial condition and results of operations and if it requires significant judgment and estimates on the part of management in its application. the development and selection of these critical accounting policies have been determined by management of the company and the related disclosures have been reviewed with the audit committee of the company's board of directors. for the company's summary of significant accounting policies, see note 2-summary of significant accounting policies to the accompanying financial statements.
use of estimates see note 2-summary of significant accounting policies to the accompanying financial statements under the heading "use of estimates."
revenue recognition revenue is recognized when control of the promised goods or services is transferred to the company's customers in an amount that reflects the consideration the company expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. the company considers the terms of each arrangement to determine the appropriate accounting treatment.
cable network programming and television the company generates advertising revenue from sales of commercial time within the company's network programming to be aired by television networks and cable channels, and from sales of broadcast advertising time on the company's owned and operated television stations and various digital properties. advertising revenue from customers, primarily advertising agencies, is recognized as the commercials are aired. certain of the company's advertising contracts have guarantees of a certain number of targeted audience views, referred to as impressions. revenues for any audience deficiencies are deferred until the guaranteed number of impressions is met, by providing additional advertisements. advertising contracts, which are generally short-term, are billed monthly for the spots aired during the month, with payments due shortly after the invoice date.
the company generates affiliate fee revenue from affiliate agreements with traditional and digital mvpds for cable network programming and for the broadcast of the company's owned and operated television stations. in addition, the company generates affiliate fee revenue from affiliate agreements with independently owned television stations that are affiliated with the fox network and receive retransmission consent fees from traditional and digital mvpds for their signals. affiliate fee revenue is recognized at a point in time when the network programming, a functional license of intellectual property, is made available to the customer which is done on a continuous basis. for contracts with affiliate fees based on the number of the affiliate's subscribers, revenues are recognized based on the contractual rate multiplied by the estimated number of subscribers each period. for contracts with fixed affiliate fees, revenues are recognized based on the relative standalone selling price of the network programming provided over the contract term, which generally reflects the invoiced amount. affiliate contracts are generally multi-year contracts with payments due monthly.
the company classifies the amortization of cable distribution investments (capitalized fees paid to mvpds to facilitate carriage of a cable network) against affiliate fee revenue in accordance with accounting standards codification ("asc") 606-10-32-25 through 27, "revenue recognition-consideration payable to a customer." the company defers the cable distribution investments and amortizes the amounts on a straight-line basis over the contract period.
programming costs incurred in acquiring program rights or producing programs are accounted for in accordance with asc 920, "entertainment-broadcasters." program rights and the related liabilities are recorded at the gross amount of the liabilities when the license period has begun, the cost of the program is determinable and the program is accepted and available for airing. television broadcast network entertainment programming, which includes acquired series, co-produced series, movies and other programs, are amortized primarily on an accelerated basis. management regularly reviews, and revises when necessary, its total revenue estimates on a contract basis, which may result in a change in the rate of amortization and/or a write-down of the asset to fair value.
49
as a result of the evaluation of the recoverability of the unamortized costs associated with the company's programming rights, the company recognized write-downs of approximately $95 million and $55 million in fiscal 2020 and 2019, respectively, related to sports, entertainment and syndicated programming rights at the cable network programming and television segments, which were recorded in operating expenses in the consolidated statements of operations.
the company has single and multi-year contracts for broadcast rights of programs and sports events. the costs of multi-year national sports contracts at the fox network and the company's sports channels are primarily charged to expense and allocated to segments based on the ratio of each current period's attributable revenue for each contract to the estimated total remaining attributable revenue for each contract. estimates can change and accordingly, are reviewed periodically and amortization is adjusted as necessary. such changes in the future could be material. the recoverability of certain sports rights contracts for content broadcast on the fox network and the company's sports channels is assessed on an aggregate basis.
goodwill and intangible assets the company's intangible assets include goodwill, fcc licenses, mvpd affiliate agreements and relationships and trademarks and other copyrighted products. intangible assets acquired in business combinations are recorded at their estimated fair value at the date of acquisition. goodwill is recorded as the difference between the consideration transferred to acquire entities and the estimated fair values assigned to their tangible and identifiable intangible net assets and is assigned to one or more reporting units for purposes of testing for impairment. the judgments made in determining the estimated fair value assigned to each class of intangible assets acquired, their reporting unit, as well as their useful lives can significantly impact net income.
the company accounts for its business combinations under the acquisition method of accounting. the total cost of acquisitions is allocated to the underlying net assets, based on their respective estimated fair values. the excess of the consideration transferred over the estimated fair values of the tangible net assets acquired is recorded as intangibles, including goodwill. amounts recorded as goodwill are assigned to one or more reporting units. determining the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed requires management's judgment and often involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions, including assumptions with respect to future cash inflows and outflows, discount rates, asset lives and market multiples, among other items. identifying reporting units and assigning goodwill to them requires judgment involving the aggregation of business units with similar economic characteristics and the identification of existing business units that benefit from the acquired goodwill. the company allocates goodwill to disposed businesses using the relative fair value method.
carrying values of goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives are reviewed at least annually for possible impairment in accordance with asc 350 "intangibles-goodwill and other." the company's impairment review is based on, among other methods, a discounted cash flow approach that requires significant management judgment. the company uses its judgment in assessing whether assets may have become impaired between annual valuations. indicators such as unexpected adverse economic factors, unanticipated technological change or competitive activities, loss of key personnel and acts by governments and courts, may signal that an asset has become impaired and require the company to perform an interim impairment test.
the company uses direct valuation methods to value identifiable intangibles for acquisition accounting and impairment testing. the direct valuation method used for fcc licenses requires, among other inputs, the use of published industry data that are based on subjective judgments about future advertising revenues in the markets where the company owns television stations. this method also involves the use of management's judgment in estimating an appropriate discount rate reflecting the risk of a market participant in the u.s. broadcast industry. the resulting fair values for fcc licenses are sensitive to these long-term assumptions and any variations to such assumptions could result in an impairment to existing carrying values in future periods and such impairment could be material.
during fiscal 2020, the company determined that the goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets included in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet as of june 30, 2020 were not impaired. the company determined there are no reporting units with goodwill considered to be at risk and will continue to monitor its goodwill and intangible assets for possible future impairment.
see note 8-goodwill and intangible assets, net to the accompanying financial statements under the heading "annual impairment review" for further discussion.
50
income taxes the company is subject to income tax in various domestic jurisdictions. the company computes its annual tax rate based on the statutory tax rates and tax planning opportunities available to it in the various jurisdictions in which it earns income. tax laws are complex and subject to different interpretations by the taxpayer and respective governmental taxing authorities. significant judgment is required in determining the company's tax expense and in evaluating its tax positions, including evaluating uncertainties under asc 740, "income taxes."
the company records valuation allowances to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount that is more likely than not to be realized. in making this assessment, management analyzes future taxable income, reversing temporary differences and ongoing tax planning strategies. should a change in circumstances lead to a change in judgment about the realizability of deferred tax assets in future years, the company would adjust related valuation allowances in the period that the change in circumstances occurs, along with a corresponding increase or charge to income.
for information regarding the impact of the tax act, see note 16-income taxes to the accompanying financial statements.
employee costs the measurement and recognition of costs of the company's pension and opeb plans require the use of significant management judgments, including discount rates, expected return on plan assets and other actuarial assumptions.
the company participates in and/or sponsors various pension, savings and postretirement benefit plans. pension plans and postretirement benefit plans are closed to new participants with the exception of a small group covered by collective bargaining agreements. prior to the separation and the distribution, certain of the company's employees participated in defined benefit pension and postretirement plans sponsored by 21cf ("shared plans"), which include participants of other 21cf subsidiaries. shared plans were accounted for as multiemployer benefit plans. therefore, no asset or liability was recorded to recognize the funded status. in contemplation of the separation and the distribution, the pension and other postretirement benefit assets and liabilities of the shared plans allocable to the company's employees were transferred to the company in fiscal 2019 (see note 15-pension and other postretirement benefits to the accompanying financial statements).
for financial reporting purposes, net periodic pension expense is calculated based upon a number of actuarial assumptions, including a discount rate, an expected rate of return on plan assets and mortality. the company considers current market conditions, including changes in investment returns and interest rates, in making these assumptions. in developing the expected long-term rate of return, the company considered the pension portfolio's future return expectations of the various asset classes. the expected long-term rate of return is based on an asset allocation assumption of 50% equity securities, 25% fixed income securities and 25% in other investments.
the discount rate reflects the market rate for high-quality fixed income investments on the company's annual measurement date of june 30 and is subject to change each fiscal year. the discount rate assumptions used to account for pension and other postretirement benefit plans reflect the rates at which the benefit obligations could be effectively settled. the rate was determined by matching the company's expected benefit payments for the plans to a hypothetical yield curve developed using a portfolio of several hundred high-quality non-callable corporate bonds.
the key assumptions used in developing the company's fiscal 2020 and 2019 net periodic pension expense for its plans consist of the following:
2020                    2019

(in millions, except %)
discount rate for service cost           3.7        %             4.6         %
discount rate for interest cost          3.2        %             4.1         %
assets expected rate of return                  7.0        %             7.0         %
actual return                            $24                      $50
expected return                           55                       30
actuarial (loss) gain                   $(31    )                 $20
one year actual return                   3.4        %                       n/a
51
discount rates are volatile from year to year because they are determined based upon the prevailing rates as of the measurement date. the company will utilize discount rates of 2.9% and 2.2% in calculating the fiscal 2021 service cost and interest cost, respectively, for its plans. the company will use a long-term rate of return of 6.5% for fiscal 2021 based principally on the future return expectation of the plans' asset mix. the accumulated net pre-tax losses on the company's pension plans as of june 30, 2020 were $533 million which increased from $385 million as of june 30, 2019. this increase of $148 million was primarily due to the change in the discount rate assumption utilized in measuring plan obligations. lower discount rates increase present values of benefit obligations and increase the company's deferred losses and also increase subsequent-year pension expense. higher discount rates decrease the present values of benefit obligations and reduce the company's accumulated net loss and also decrease subsequent-year pension expense. these deferred losses are being systematically recognized in future net periodic pension expense in accordance with asc 715, "compensation-retirement benefits." unrecognized losses in excess of 10% of the greater of the market-related value of plan assets or the plans' projected benefit obligation ("pbo") are recognized over the average future service of the plan participants or average future life of the plan participants.
the company made contributions of $30 million, $83 million and $30 million to its pension plans in fiscal 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. the majority of these contributions were voluntarily made to improve the funding status of the plans which were impacted by the economic conditions noted above. future plan contributions are dependent upon actual plan asset returns, statutory requirements and interest rate movements. assuming that actual plan returns are consistent with the company's expected plan returns in fiscal 2021 and beyond and that interest rates remain constant, the company would not be required to make any material statutory contributions to its pension plans for the immediate future. the company will continue to make voluntary contributions as necessary to improve funded status.
changes in net periodic pension expense may occur in the future due to changes in the company's expected rate of return on plan assets and discount rate resulting from economic events. the following table highlights the sensitivity of the company's pension obligations and expense to changes in these assumptions, assuming all other assumptions remain constant:
changes in assumption                            impact on annual       impact on pbo pension expense

0.25 percentage point decrease in discount rate   increase $4 million   increase $45 million
0.25 percentage point increase in discount rate   decrease $4 million   decrease $42 million
0.25 percentage point decrease in expected rate of return on assets   increase $2 million   -
0.25 percentage point increase in expected rate of return on assets   decrease $2 million   -
fiscal 2021 net periodic pension expense for the company's pension plans is expected to increase to approximately $65 million primarily due to a decrease in discount rates.
recent accounting pronouncements see note 2-summary of significant accounting policies to the accompanying financial statements under the heading "recently adopted and recently issued accounting guidance and the cares act."
caution concerning forward-looking statements this document contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of section 27a of the securities act of 1933, as amended, and section 21e of the securities exchange act of 1934, as amended. all statements other than statements of historical or current fact are "forward-looking statements" for purposes of federal and state securities laws, including any statements regarding (i) future earnings, revenues or other measures of the company's financial performance; (ii) the company's plans, strategies and objectives for future operations; (iii) proposed new programming or other offerings; (iv) future economic conditions or performance; and (v) assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. forward-looking statements may include, among others, the words "may," "will," "should," "likely," "anticipates," "expects," "intends," "plans," "projects," "believes," "estimates," "outlook" or any other similar words.
52
although the company's management believes that the expectations reflected in any of the company's forward-looking statements are reasonable, actual results could differ materially from those projected or assumed in any forward-looking statements. the company's future financial condition and results of operations, as well as any forward-looking statements, are subject to change and to inherent risks and uncertainties, such as those disclosed or incorporated by reference in our filings with the sec. important factors that could cause the company's actual results, performance and achievements to differ materially from those estimates or projections contained in the company's forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, government regulation, economic, strategic, political and social conditions and the following factors:
   the impact of covid-19 and other widespread health emergencies or pandemics and measures to contain their spread and related weak macroeconomic conditions and increased market volatility;

   the impact of covid-19 specifically on the company, including content disruptions that negatively affect the volume or popularity of the company's programming, particularly sports programming, and potential non-cash impairment charges resulting from significant declines in the company's estimated revenues or the expected popularity of the company's programming;

   evolving technologies and distribution platforms and changes in consumer behavior as consumers seek more control over when, where and how they consume content, and related impacts on advertisers and traditional mvpds;

   declines in advertising expenditures due to various factors such as the economic prospects of advertisers or the economy in general, new technologies and distribution platforms and related changes in consumer behavior, and shifts in advertisers' spending toward digital and mobile offerings and away from more traditional media;

   the failure to enter into or renew on favorable terms, or at all, affiliation or carriage agreements or arrangements through which the company makes its content available for viewing through online video platforms;

   further declines in the number of subscribers to traditional mvpd services;

   the highly competitive nature of the industry in which the company's businesses operate;

   the popularity of the company's content, including special sports events; the continued popularity of the sports franchises, leagues and teams for which the company has acquired programming rights;

   the company's ability to renew programming rights, particularly sports programming rights, on sufficiently favorable terms, or at all;

   damage to the company's brands or reputation;

   the inability to realize the anticipated benefits of the company's strategic investments and acquisitions;

   the failure to comply with laws, regulations, rules, industry standards or contractual obligations relating to privacy and personal data protection;

   a degradation, failure or misuse of the company's network and information systems and other technology relied on by the company that causes a disruption of services or improper disclosure of personal data or other confidential information;

   content piracy and signal theft and the company's ability to protect its intellectual property rights;

   the loss of key personnel;

   labor disputes, including labor disputes involving professional sports leagues whose games or events the company has the right to broadcast;

   changes in tax, federal communications or other laws, regulations, practices or the interpretations thereof;

   the impact of any investigations or fines from governmental authorities, including fcc rules and policies and fcc decisions regarding revocation, renewal or grant of station licenses, waivers and other matters;

   the failure or destruction of satellites or transmitter facilities the company depends on to distribute its programming;

   lower than expected valuations associated with one of the company's reporting units, indefinite-lived intangible assets, investments or long-lived assets;

   changes in gaap or other applicable accounting standards and policies;

53
   the company's limited operating history as a standalone, publicly traded company and the risk that the company is unable to make, on a timely or cost-effective basis, the changes necessary to operate effectively as a standalone, publicly traded company;

   increased costs in connection with the company operating as a standalone, publicly traded company following the distribution and the loss of synergies the company enjoyed from operating as part of 21cf;

   the company's reliance on 21cf to provide the company various services during transition periods under transition services agreements with 21cf, including broadcast operations, sports production, information systems and technology, and other services, and the risks that 21cf does not properly provide the services under these agreements or that the company is unable to provide or obtain such services following the applicable transition period (or during such transition period, if 21cf does not properly provide them in a timely and cost effective manner);

   the company's ability to secure additional capital on acceptable terms;

   the impact of any payments the company is required to make or liabilities it is required to assume under the separation agreement and the indemnification arrangements entered into in connection with the separation and the distribution; and

   the other risks and uncertainties detailed in item 1a. "risk factors" in this annual report on form 10-k.

forward-looking statements in this annual report on form 10-k speak only as of the date hereof, and forward-looking statements in documents that are incorporated by reference hereto speak only as of the date of those documents. the company does not undertake any obligation to update or release any revisions to any forward-looking statement made herein or to report any events or circumstances after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events or to conform such statements to actual results or changes in our expectations, except as required by law.
54
