item 1a. risk factors we have listed below the most material risk factors applicable to us. these risk factors are not necessarily in the order of importance or probability of occurrence:
risks related to our competition and strategy if we do not deliver new products, services and customer experiences in response to increased competition and changing consumer preferences in the automotive industry, our business could suffer.  we believe that the automotive industry will continue to experience significant change in the coming years, particularly as traditional automotive original equipment manufacturers (oems) shift resources to the development of electric vehicles. in addition to our traditional competitors, we must also be responsive to the entrance of non-traditional participants in the automotive industry. industry participants are disrupting the historic business model of our industry through the introduction of new technologies, products, services, direct-to-consumer sales channels, methods of transportation and vehicle ownership. it is a strategic imperative that we succeed in driving the technological disruption occurring in our industry, including consumer adoption of electric vehicles and commercialization of autonomous vehicles. to successfully execute our long-term strategy, we must continue to develop new products and services, including products and services that are outside of our historically core business, such as autonomous and electric vehicles, digital services and transportation as a service. the process of designing and developing new technology, products and services is complex, costly and uncertain and requires extensive capital investment and the ability to retain and recruit the best talent. there can be no assurance that advances in technology will occur in a timely or feasible way, that others will not acquire similar or superior technologies sooner than we do, or that we will acquire technologies on an exclusive basis or at a significant price advantage. if we do not adequately prepare for and respond to new kinds of technological innovations, market developments and changing customer needs, our sales, profitability and long-term competitiveness may be harmed.
our ability to maintain profitability is dependent upon our ability to timely fund and introduce new and improved vehicle models, including electric vehicles, that are able to attract a sufficient number of consumers. we operate in a very competitive industry with market participants routinely introducing new and improved vehicle models and features designed to meet rapidly evolving consumer expectations. producing new and improved vehicle models, including electric vehicles, that preserve our reputation for designing, building and selling safe, high-quality cars and trucks is critical to our long-term profitability. successful launches of our new vehicles are critical to our short-term profitability. the new vehicle development process generally takes two years or more, and a number of factors may lengthen that time period. because of this product development cycle and the various elements that may contribute to consumers' acceptance of new vehicle designs, including competitors' product introductions, technological innovations, fuel prices, general economic conditions, infrastructure and changes in quality, safety, reliability and styling demands and preferences, an initial product concept or design may not result in a vehicle that generates sales in sufficient quantities and at high enough prices to be profitable. our high proportion of fixed costs, both due to our significant investment in property, plant and equipment as well as other requirements of our collective bargaining agreements, which limit our flexibility to adjust personnel costs to changes in demands for our products, may further exacerbate the risks associated with incorrectly assessing demand for our vehicles.
our near-term profitability is dependent upon the success of our current line of full-size suvs and pickup trucks. while we offer a portfolio of cars, crossovers, suvs and trucks, and we have announced significant plans to design, build and sell a broad portfolio of electric vehicles, we currently recognize higher profit margins on our suvs and trucks. our near-term success is dependent upon our ability to sell higher margin vehicles in sufficient volumes. any near-term shift in consumer preferences toward smaller, more fuel-efficient vehicles, whether as a result of increases in the price of oil or any sustained shortage of oil, including as a result of global political instability, concerns about climate change or other reasons, could weaken the demand for our higher margin vehicles. more stringent fuel economy regulations could also impact our ability to sell these vehicles.
general motors company and subsidiaries we operate in a highly competitive industry that has excess manufacturing capacity, and attempts by our competitors to sell more vehicles could have a significant negative effect on our vehicle pricing, market share and operating results. the global automotive industry is highly competitive in terms of the quality, innovation, new technologies, pricing, fuel economy, reliability, safety, customer service and financial services offered. additionally, overall manufacturing capacity in the industry far exceeds current demand. many manufacturers, including gm, have relatively high fixed labor costs as well as limitations on their ability to close facilities and reduce fixed costs. in light of such excess capacity and high fixed costs, many industry participants have attempted to sell more vehicles by providing subsidized financing or leasing programs, offering marketing incentives or reducing vehicle prices. as a result, we may be required to offer similar incentives that may result in vehicle prices that do not offset cost increases or the impact of adverse currency fluctuations, which could affect our profitability. our competitors may also seek to benefit from economies of scale by consolidating or entering into other strategic agreements such as alliances or joint ventures intended to enhance their competitiveness.
manufacturers in countries that have lower production costs, such as china and india, have become competitors in key emerging markets and have announced their intention to export their products to established markets as a low-cost alternative to established entry-level automobiles. in addition, foreign governments may decide to implement tax and other policies that favor their domestic manufacturers at the expense of international manufacturers, including gm and its joint venture partners. these actions have had, and are expected to continue to have, a significant negative effect on our vehicle pricing, market share and operating results.
our long-term strategy is dependent upon our ability to deliver a broad portfolio of electric vehicles that will drive consumer adoption. the production and profitable sale of electric vehicles has become increasingly important to our long-term business as we accelerate our transition to an all-electric future. in 2020, we announced the commitment of $27 billion in investments in electric and autonomous vehicle technologies through 2025, with plans to launch 30 new electric vehicle models globally in that timeframe. our electric vehicle strategy is dependent on our ability to deliver a broad portfolio of electric vehicles; reduce the costs associated with the manufacture of electric vehicles; increase vehicle range and the energy density of our batteries; license and monetize our proprietary platforms; develop new software and services; and leverage our scale, manufacturing capabilities and synergies with existing internal combustion engine vehicles. in addition, consumer adoption of electric vehicles will be critical to the success of our strategy. consumer adoption of electric vehicles could be impacted by numerous factors, including the breadth of the portfolio of electric vehicles available; perceptions about electric vehicle features, quality, safety, performance and cost relative to internal combustion engine vehicles; the range over which electric vehicles may be driven on a full battery charge; availability of high fuel-economy internal combustion engine vehicles; volatility in the cost of fuel; government regulations and economic incentives; and the proliferation of a robust, open-standard electric vehicle charging ecosystem. if we are unable to successfully deliver on our electric vehicle strategy, it could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and growth prospects.
our autonomous vehicle strategy is dependent upon our ability to successfully mitigate unique technological, operational, and regulatory risks. in recent years, we announced significant investments in autonomous vehicle technologies, including in gm cruise holdings llc (cruise holdings), our majority-owned subsidiary that is responsible for the development and commercialization of autonomous vehicle technology. our autonomous vehicle operations are capital intensive and subject to a variety of risks inherent with the development of new technologies, including our ability to continue to develop self-driving software and hardware, such as light detection and ranging (lidar) sensors and other components; access to sufficient capital, including with respect to additional softbank funding; risks related to the manufacture of purpose-built autonomous vehicles; and significant competition from both established automotive companies and technology companies, some of which may have more resources and capital to devote to autonomous vehicle technologies than we do. in addition, we face risks related to the commercial deployment of autonomous vehicles on our targeted timeline or at all, including consumer acceptance, achievement of adequate safety and other performance standards and compliance with uncertain, evolving and potentially conflicting federal and state or provincial regulations. to the extent accidents, cybersecurity breaches or other adverse events associated with our autonomous driving systems occur, we could be subject to liability, government scrutiny and further regulation, and it could deter consumer adoption of autonomous vehicle technology. any of the foregoing could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and growth prospects.
risks related to our operations the covid-19 pandemic may disrupt our business and operations, which could materially adversely impact our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. pandemics, epidemics or disease outbreaks in the u.s. or globally may disrupt our business, which could materially affect our results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and future expectations. the covid-19 outbreak has caused significant disruption to the global economy, including the automotive industry, and has had a material impact on our business as discussed in detail in part ii, item 7. md&a. however, the full extent to which the covid-19 pandemic will impact our operations will depend on future developments, including the duration and severity of the outbreak, any subsequent outbreaks and the timing and efficacy of any available vaccines. future developments are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence and may adversely impact our global supply chain and global manufacturing operations and cause us to again suspend our operations in the u.s. and elsewhere. in particular, if general motors company and subsidiaries covid-19 continues to spread or re-emerges, particularly in north america where our profits are most concentrated, resulting in a prolonged period of travel, commercial, social and other similar restrictions, we could experience among other things: (1) global supply disruptions; (2) labor disruptions; (3) an inability to manufacture; (4) an inability to sell to our customers; (5) a decline in showroom traffic and customer demand during and following the pandemic; (6) customer defaults on automobile loans and leases; (7) lower than expected pricing on vehicles sold at auction; and (8) an impaired ability to access credit and the capital markets. we may also be subject to enhanced legal risks, including potential litigation related to the covid-19 pandemic. we also have substantial cash requirements going forward, including: (1) ongoing cash costs including payments associated with previously announced vehicle recalls, the settlements of multi-district litigation and other recall-related contingencies, payments to service debt and other long-term obligations, including mandatory contributions to our pension plans; and (2) capital expenditures and payments for engineering and product development activities. our ability to meet these cash requirements may be negatively impacted by the ongoing covid-19 pandemic. any resulting financial impact cannot be reasonably estimated at this time, but the covid-19 pandemic could have a material impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations going forward. for a further discussion of the impact of the covid-19 pandemic on our liquidity, refer to the "liquidity and capital resources" section in part ii, item 7. md&a.
our business is highly dependent upon global automobile market sales volume, which can be volatile. because we have a high proportion of relatively fixed structural costs, small changes in sales volume can have a disproportionately large effect on our profitability. a number of economic and market conditions drive changes in new vehicle sales, including the availability and prices of used vehicles, levels of unemployment, availability of affordable financing, fluctuations in the cost of fuel, consumer confidence, real estate values, political unrest, the occurrence of a contagious disease or illness, including covid-19 (see "the covid-19 pandemic may disrupt our business and operations, which could materially adversely impact our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations" in this item 1a, risk factors), barriers to trade and other global economic conditions. for a discussion of economic and market trends, see the "overview" section in part ii, item 7. md&a.
our significant business in china subjects us to unique operational, competitive and regulatory risks. maintaining a strong position in the chinese market is a key component of our global growth strategy. our business in china is subject to aggressive competition from many of the largest global manufacturers and numerous domestic manufacturers as well as non-traditional market participants, such as domestic technology companies. in addition, our success in china depends upon our ability to adequately address unique market and consumer preferences driven by advancements related to electric vehicles, infotainment and other new technologies. our ability to fully deploy our technologies in china may be impacted by evolving laws and regulations in the u.s. and china. increased competition, increased u.s.-china trade restrictions and weakening economic conditions in china, among other things, may result in price reductions, reduced sales, profitability and margins, and challenges to gain or hold market share. in addition, chinese regulators have implemented increasingly aggressive "green" policy initiatives requiring oems to reduce the average emissions and average fuel consumption of their products and to achieve quotas for the sale of electric vehicles, which have challenging lead times.
certain risks and uncertainties of doing business in china are solely within the control of the chinese government, and chinese law regulates the scope of our investments and business conducted within china. in order to maintain access to the chinese market, we may be required to comply with significant technical and other regulatory requirements that are unique to the chinese market, at times with challenging lead times to implement such requirements. these actions may increase the cost of doing business in china and reduce our profitability.
a significant amount of our operations are conducted by joint ventures that we cannot operate solely for our benefit. many of our operations, primarily in china and korea as well as our battery manufacturing operations with lg chem, are carried out by joint ventures. in joint ventures we share ownership and management of a company with one or more parties who may not have the same goals, strategies, priorities or resources as we do and may compete with us outside the joint venture. joint ventures are intended to be operated for the equal benefit of all co-owners, rather than for our exclusive benefit. operating a business as a joint venture often requires additional organizational formalities as well as time-consuming procedures for sharing information and making decisions that must further take into consideration our partners' interests. in joint ventures we are required to foster our relationships with our co-owners as well as promote the overall success of the joint venture, and if a co-owner changes, relationships deteriorate or strategic objectives diverge, our success in the joint venture may be materially adversely affected. the benefits from a successful joint venture are shared among the co-owners, therefore we do not receive all the benefits from our successful joint ventures.
in addition, because we share ownership and management with one or more parties, we may have limited control over the actions of a joint venture, particularly when we own a minority interest. as a result, we may be unable to prevent violations of applicable laws or other misconduct by a joint venture or the failure to satisfy contractual obligations by one or more parties. moreover, a joint venture may not follow the same requirements regarding compliance, internal controls and internal control over financial reporting that we follow. to the extent another party makes decisions that negatively impact the joint venture or internal control issues arise within the joint venture, we may have to take responsive actions, or we may be subject to penalties, fines or other punitive actions for these activities.
general motors company and subsidiaries the international scale and footprint of our operations expose us to additional risks. we manufacture, sell and service products globally and rely upon an integrated global supply chain to deliver the raw materials, components, systems and parts that we need to manufacture our products. our global operations subject us to extensive domestic and foreign legal and regulatory requirements, and a variety of other political, economic and regulatory risks including: (1) changes in government leadership; (2) changes in labor, employment, tax, privacy, environmental and other laws, regulations or government policies impacting our overall business model or practices or restricting our ability to manufacture, purchase or sell products consistent with market demand and our business objectives; (3) political pressures to change any aspect of our business model or practices or that impair our ability to source raw materials, services, components, systems and parts, or manufacture products on competitive terms in a manner consistent with our business objectives; (4) political instability, civil unrest or government controls over certain sectors; (5) political and economic tensions between governments and changes in international trade policies, including restrictions on the repatriation of dividends or in the export of technology, especially between china and the u.s.; (6) more detailed inspections or new or higher tariffs, for example, on products imported into or exported from the u.s., including under section 232 of the trade expansion act of 1962, section 301 of the u.s. trade act of 1974, or other trade measures; (7) new barriers to entry or domestic preference procurement requirements, including changes to, withdrawals from or impediments to implementing free trade agreements (for example, the united states-mexico-canada agreement), or preferences of foreign nationals for domestically manufactured products; (8) changes in foreign currency exchange rates, particularly in brazil and argentina, and interest rates; (9) economic downturns or significant changes in conditions in the countries in which we operate; (10) differing local product preferences and product requirements, including government certification requirements related to, among other things, fuel economy, vehicle emissions and safety; (11) impact of changes to and compliance with u.s. and foreign countries' export controls, economic sanctions and other similar measures; (12) liabilities resulting from u.s. and foreign laws and regulations, including, but not limited to, those related to the foreign corrupt practices act and certain other anti-corruption laws; (13) differing labor regulations, requirements and union relationships; (14) differing dealer and franchise regulations and relationships; (15) difficulties in obtaining financing in foreign countries for local operations; and (16) natural disasters, public health crises, including the occurrence of a contagious disease or illness, such as covid-19 (see "the covid-19 pandemic may disrupt our business and operations, which could materially adversely impact our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations" in this item 1a, risk factors), and other catastrophic events.
any significant disruption at one of our manufacturing facilities could disrupt our production schedule. we assemble vehicles at various facilities around the world. our facilities are typically designed to produce particular models for particular geographic markets. no single facility is designed to manufacture our full range of vehicles. in some cases, certain facilities produce products, systems, components and parts that disproportionately contribute a greater degree to our profitability than others and create significant interdependencies among manufacturing facilities around the world. should these or other facilities become unavailable either temporarily or permanently for any number of reasons, including labor disruptions, the occurrence of a contagious disease or illness, such as covid-19 (see "the covid-19 pandemic may disrupt our business and operations, which could materially adversely impact our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations" in this item 1a, risk factors), or catastrophic weather events, the inability to manufacture at the affected facility may result in harm to our reputation, increased costs, lower revenues and the loss of customers. in particular, substantially all of our hourly employees are represented by unions and covered by collective bargaining agreements that must be negotiated from time-to-time, often at the local facility level, which increases our risk of work stoppages. we may not be able to easily shift production to other facilities or to make up for lost production. any new facility needed to replace an inoperable manufacturing facility would need to comply with the necessary regulatory requirements, need to satisfy our specialized manufacturing requirements and require specialized equipment.
any disruption in our suppliers' operations could disrupt our production schedule. our automotive operations are dependent upon the continued ability of our suppliers to deliver the systems, components, raw materials and parts that we need to manufacture our products. our use of "just-in-time" manufacturing processes allows us to maintain minimal inventory. as a result, our ability to maintain production is dependent upon our suppliers delivering sufficient quantities of systems, components, raw materials and parts on time to meet our production schedules. in some instances, we purchase systems, components, raw materials and parts that are ultimately derived from a single source and may be at an increased risk for supply disruptions. any number of factors, including labor disruptions, catastrophic weather events, the occurrence of a contagious disease or illness, such as covid-19 (see "the covid-19 pandemic may disrupt our business and operations, which could materially adversely impact our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations" in this item 1a, risk factors), contractual or other disputes, unfavorable economic or industry conditions, delivery delays or other performance problems or financial difficulties or solvency problems, could disrupt our suppliers' operations and lead to uncertainty in our supply chain or cause supply disruptions for us, which could, in turn, disrupt our operations, including the production of certain higher margin vehicles. if the covid-19 pandemic continues to spread or re-emerges and results in a prolonged period of travel, commercial, social and other similar restrictions, we could experience continued and/or additional global supply disruptions. if we experience supply disruptions, we may not be able to develop alternate sourcing quickly. any disruption of our production schedule caused by an unexpected shortage of systems, components, raw materials or parts even for a relatively short period of time could cause us to alter production schedules or suspend production entirely, which could cause a loss of revenues, which would adversely affect our operations.
general motors company and subsidiaries in particular, a global semiconductor supply shortage is having wide-ranging effects across multiple industries, particularly the automotive industry, and it has impacted multiple suppliers that incorporate semiconductors into the parts they supply to us. as a result, the semiconductor supply shortage has had, and will continue to have, an impact on our vehicle production, and we anticipate it will have a material impact on our performance in 2021.
high prices of raw materials or other inputs used by us and our suppliers could negatively impact our profitability. increases in prices for raw materials or other inputs that we and our suppliers use in manufacturing products, systems, components and parts, such as steel, precious metals, non-ferrous metals, critical minerals or other similar raw materials, may lead to higher production costs for parts, components and vehicles. changes in trade policies and tariffs, fluctuations in supply and demand and other economic and political factors may continue to create pricing pressure for raw materials and other inputs. this could, in turn, negatively impact our future profitability because we may not be able to pass all of those costs on to our customers or require our suppliers to absorb such costs.
we may continue to restructure our operations in the u.s. and various other countries and initiate additional cost reduction actions, but we may not succeed in doing so. since 2017, we have undertaken restructuring actions to lower our operating costs in response to difficult market and operating conditions in various parts of the world, including the u.s., canada, korea, southeast asia, india, australia and new zealand and europe. as we continue to assess our performance throughout our regions, we may take additional restructuring actions to rationalize our operations, which may result in material asset write-downs or impairments and reduce our profitability in the periods incurred. in addition, we are continuing to implement a number of operating effectiveness initiatives to improve productivity and reduce costs. in addition, these restructuring actions subject us to increased risks of labor unrest or strikes, supplier, dealer, or other third-party litigation, regulator claims or proceedings, negative publicity and business disruption. failure to realize anticipated savings or benefits from our restructuring and/or cost reduction actions could have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity and cash flows.
risks related to our intellectual property, cybersecurity, information technology and data management practices competitors may independently develop products and services similar to ours, and there are no guarantees that gm's intellectual property rights would prevent competitors from independently developing or selling those products and services. there may be instances where, notwithstanding our intellectual property position, competitive products or services may impact the value of our brands and other intangible assets, and our business may be adversely affected. moreover, although gm takes reasonable steps to maintain the confidentiality of gm proprietary information, there can be no assurance that such efforts will completely deter or prevent misappropriation or improper use of our technology. we sometimes face attempts to gain unauthorized access to our information technology networks and systems for the purpose of improperly acquiring our trade secrets or confidential business information. the theft or unauthorized use or publication of our trade secrets and other confidential business information as a result of such an incident could adversely affect our competitive position. in addition, we may be the target of patent enforcement actions by third parties, including aggressive and opportunistic enforcement claims by non-practicing entities. regardless of the merit of such claims, responding to infringement claims can be expensive and time-consuming. although we have taken steps to mitigate such risks, if we are found to have infringed any third-party intellectual property rights, we could be required to pay substantial damages, or we could be enjoined from offering some of our products and services.
security breaches and other disruptions to information technology systems and networked products, including connected vehicles, owned or maintained by us, gm financial, or third-party vendors or suppliers on our behalf, could interfere with our operations and could compromise the confidentiality of private customer data or our proprietary information. we rely upon information technology systems and manufacture networked products, some of which are managed by third parties, to process, transmit and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of our business processes, activities and products. additionally, we and gm financial collect and store sensitive data, including intellectual property and proprietary business information (including that of our dealers and suppliers), as well as personally identifiable information of our customers and employees, in data centers and on information technology networks (including networks that may be controlled or maintained by third parties). the secure operation of these systems and products, and the processing and maintenance of the information processed by these systems and products, is critical to our business operations and strategy. further, customers using our systems rely on the security of our infrastructure, including hardware and other elements provided by third parties, to ensure the reliability of our products and the protection of their data. despite security measures and business continuity plans, these systems and products may be vulnerable to damage, disruptions or shutdowns caused by attacks by hackers, computer viruses, malware (including "ransomware"), phishing attacks or breaches due to errors or malfeasance by employees, contractors and others who have access to these systems and products. the occurrence of any of these events could compromise the confidentiality, operational integrity and accessibility of these systems and products and the data that resides within them. similarly, such an occurrence could result in the compromise or loss of the information processed by these systems and products. such events could result in, among other things, the loss of proprietary data, interruptions or delays in our business operations and damage to our reputation. in addition, such events could increase the risk of claims alleging that we are non-
general motors company and subsidiaries compliant with applicable laws or regulations, subjecting us to potential liability or regulatory penalties and related costs under laws protecting the privacy of personal information; disrupt our operations; or reduce the competitive advantage we hope to derive from our investment in advanced technologies. we have experienced such events in the past and, although past events were immaterial, future events may occur and may be material.
security breaches and other disruptions of our in-vehicle systems could impact the safety of our customers and reduce confidence in gm and our products. our vehicles contain complex information technology systems. these systems control various vehicle functions including engine, transmission, safety, steering, navigation, acceleration, braking, window and door lock functions. we have designed, implemented and tested security measures intended to prevent unauthorized access to these systems. however, hackers have reportedly attempted, and may attempt in the future, to gain unauthorized access to modify, alter and use such systems to gain control of, or to change, our vehicles' functionality, user interface and performance characteristics, or to gain access to data stored in or generated by the vehicle. any unauthorized access to or control of our vehicles or their systems could adversely impact the safety of our customers or result in legal claims or proceedings, liability or regulatory penalties. new laws, such as the new data law in massachusetts that would permit third-party access to vehicle data and related systems, could expose our vehicles and vehicle systems to third-party access without appropriate security measures in place, leading to new safety and security risks for our customers and reducing customer trust and confidence in our products. in addition, regardless of their veracity, reports of unauthorized access to our vehicles or their systems could negatively affect our brand and harm our reputation, which could impact our business and operating results.
our enterprise data practices, including the collection, use, sharing, and security of the personal identifiable information of our customers, employees and suppliers, are subject to increasingly complex, restrictive and punitive regulations in all key market regions. under these regulations, the failure to maintain compliant data practices could result in consumer complaints and regulatory inquiry, resulting in civil or criminal penalties, as well as brand impact or other harm to our business. in addition, increased consumer sensitivity to real or perceived failures in maintaining acceptable data practices could damage our reputation and deter current and potential users or customers from using our products and services. because many of these laws are new, there is little clarity as to their interpretation, as well as a lack of precedent for the scope of enforcement. the cost of compliance with these laws and regulations will be high and is likely to increase in the future. for example, the california consumer protection act became effective in 2020, obligating companies to quickly respond to consumer requests to delete, disclose and stop selling personal information of california residents, with significant fines for noncompliance. other u.s. states are considering similar laws, with some considering private rights of action for consumers that would allow consumers to bring claims directly against gm for mishandling their data. in europe in 2020, the court of justice for the eu invalidated mechanisms for transferring personal information out of the eu, leading to a wave of potential new barriers for data sharing between the eu and, among other countries, the u.s. in canada, both the federal government and certain provinces have also proposed new legislation imposing significant and unprecedented obligations, fines and liabilities regarding data handling. overcoming these new barriers is likely to increase our costs and drive new complexity in our operations.
risks related to government regulations and litigation our operations and products are subject to extensive laws, regulations and policies, including those related to vehicle emissions, fuel economy standards and greenhouse gas emissions, that can significantly increase our costs and affect how we do business. we are significantly affected by governmental regulations on a global basis that can increase costs related to the production of our vehicles and affect our product portfolio, particularly regulations relating to emissions, fuel economy standards and greenhouse gas emissions. meeting or exceeding many of these regulations is costly and often technologically challenging, especially because the standards are not harmonized across jurisdictions. we anticipate that the number and extent of these and other regulations, laws and policies, and the related costs and changes to our product portfolio, may increase significantly in the future, primarily out of concern for the environment (including concerns about global climate change and its impact). these government regulatory requirements, among others, could significantly affect our plans for global product development and, given the uncertainty surrounding enforcement and regulatory definitions and interpretations, may result in substantial costs, including civil or criminal penalties. in addition, an evolving but un-harmonized emissions and fuel economy regulatory framework may limit or dictate the types of vehicles we sell and where we sell them, which can affect our revenues. refer to the "environmental and regulatory matters" section of item 1. business for further information on regulatory and environmental requirements.
we expect that to comply with fuel economy and emission control requirements, we will be required to sell a significant volume of electric vehicles, and potentially develop and implement new technologies for conventional internal combustion engines, all at increased costs. there are limits on our ability to achieve fuel economy improvements over a given time frame, primarily relating to the cost and effectiveness of available technologies, lack of sufficient consumer acceptance of new technologies and of changes in vehicle mix, lack of willingness of consumers to absorb the additional costs of new technologies, the appropriateness (or lack thereof) of certain technologies for use in particular vehicles, the widespread availability (or lack thereof) of supporting infrastructure for new technologies and the human, engineering and financial resources necessary to deploy new technologies across a wide range of products and powertrains in a short time. there is no general motors company and subsidiaries assurance that we will be able to produce and sell vehicles that use such new technologies on a profitable basis or that our customers will purchase such vehicles in the quantities necessary for us to comply with these regulatory programs.
in the current uncertain regulatory framework, environmental liabilities for which we may be responsible and that are not reasonably estimable could be substantial. alleged violations of safety, fuel economy or emissions standards could result in legal proceedings, the recall of one or more of our products, negotiated remedial actions, fines, restricted product offerings or a combination of any of those items. any of these actions could have a material adverse effect on our operations, including facility idling, reduced employment, increased costs and loss of revenue.
in addition, many of our advanced technologies, including autonomous vehicles, present novel issues with which domestic and foreign regulators have only limited experience, and will be subject to evolving regulatory frameworks. any current or future regulations in these areas could impact whether and how these technologies are designed and integrated into our products, and may ultimately subject us to increased costs and uncertainty.
we could be materially adversely affected by unusual or significant litigation, governmental investigations or other proceedings. we are subject to legal proceedings involving various issues, including product liability lawsuits, class action litigations alleging product defects, emissions litigation (both in the u.s. and elsewhere), stockholder litigation, labor and employment litigation in various countries (including u.s., canada, korea and brazil), claims and actions arising from restructurings, divestitures of operations and assets and proceedings related to the ignition switch recall. in addition, we are subject to governmental proceedings and investigations. a negative outcome in one or more of these legal proceedings could result in the imposition of damages, including punitive damages, substantial fines, significant reputational harm, civil lawsuits and criminal penalties, interruptions of business, modification of business practices, equitable remedies and other sanctions against us or our personnel as well as significant legal and other costs. for a further discussion of these matters refer to note 16 to our consolidated financial statements.
the costs and effect on our reputation of product safety recalls and alleged defects in products and services could materially adversely affect our business. government safety standards require manufacturers to remedy certain product safety defects through recall campaigns and vehicle repurchases. under these standards, we could be subject to civil or criminal penalties or may incur various costs, including significant costs for repairs made at no cost to the consumer. at present, the costs we incur in connection with these recalls typically include the cost of the part being replaced and labor to remove and replace the defective part. the costs to complete a recall could be exacerbated to the extent that such action relates to a global platform. concerns about the safety of our products, including advanced technologies like autonomous vehicles, whether raised internally or by regulators or consumer advocates, and whether or not based on scientific evidence or supported by data, can result in product delays, recalls, lost sales, governmental investigations, regulatory action, private claims, lawsuits and settlements and reputational damage. these circumstances can also result in damage to brand image, brand equity and consumer trust in our products and ability to lead the disruption occurring in the automotive industry.
we currently source a variety of systems, components, raw materials and parts from third parties. from time to time these items may have performance or quality issues that could harm our reputation and cause us to incur significant costs, particularly if the affected items relate to global platforms or involve defects that are identified years after production. our ability to recover costs associated with recalls or other campaigns caused by parts or components purchased from suppliers may be limited by the suppliers' financial condition or a number of other reasons or defenses.
we may incur additional tax expense or become subject to additional tax exposure. we are subject to the tax laws and regulations of the u.s. and numerous other jurisdictions in which we do business. many judgments are required in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes and other tax liabilities, and we are regularly under audit by the u.s. internal revenue service and other tax authorities, which may not agree with our tax positions. in addition, our tax liabilities are subject to other significant risks and uncertainties, including those arising from potential changes in laws and regulations in the countries in which we do business, the possibility of adverse determinations with respect to the application of existing laws, changes in our business or structure and changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities. any unfavorable resolution of these and other uncertainties may have a significant adverse impact on our tax rate and results of operations. if our tax expense were to increase, or if the ultimate determination of our taxes owed is for an amount in excess of amounts previously accrued, our operating results, cash flows and financial condition could be adversely affected.
risks related to automotive financing - gm financial we rely on gm financial to provide financial services to our customers and dealers globally. gm financial faces a number of business, economic and financial risks that could impair its access to capital and negatively affect its business and operations, which in turn could impede its ability to provide leasing and financing to customers and commercial lending to our dealers. any reduction in gm financial's ability to provide such financial services would negatively affect our efforts to support additional sales of our vehicles and expand our market penetration among customers and dealers.
general motors company and subsidiaries the primary factors that could adversely affect gm financial's business and operations and reduce its ability to provide financing services at competitive rates include the sufficiency, availability and cost of sources of financing, including credit facilities, securitization programs and secured and unsecured debt issuances; the performance of loans and leases in its portfolio, which could be materially affected by charge-offs, delinquencies and prepayments; wholesale auction values of used vehicles; vehicle return rates and the residual value performance on vehicles gm financial leases to customers; fluctuations in interest rates and currencies; competition for customers from commercial banks, credit unions and other financing and leasing companies; and changes to regulation, supervision, enforcement and licensing across various jurisdictions.
in addition, a substantial portion of gm financial's indebtedness bears interest at variable interest rates, primarily based on usd-libor. the u.k. financial conduct authority, which regulates libor, has announced that it will no longer persuade or compel banks to submit rates for the calculation of libor after 2021. it is unknown whether any banks will continue to voluntarily submit rates for the calculation of libor, or whether libor will continue to be published by its administrator based on these submissions or on any other basis, after 2021. at this time, it is not possible to predict the effect that these developments or any discontinuance, modification or other reforms may have on libor, other benchmarks or floating-rate debt instruments, including gm financial's floating-rate debt. any such discontinuance, modification, alternative reference rates or other reforms may materially adversely affect interest rates on gm financial's current or future indebtedness. there is a risk that the discontinuation of libor will impact gm financial's ability to manage interest rate risk effectively without an adequate replacement.
further, as an entity operating in the financial services sector, gm financial is required to comply with a wide variety of laws and regulations that may be costly to adhere to and may affect our consolidated operating results. compliance with these laws and regulations requires that gm financial maintain forms, processes, procedures, controls and the infrastructure to support these requirements, and these laws and regulations often create operational constraints both on gm financial's ability to implement servicing procedures and on pricing. laws in the financial services industry are designed primarily for the protection of consumers. the failure to comply with these laws could result in significant statutory civil and criminal penalties, monetary damages, attorneys' fees and costs, possible revocation of licenses and damage to reputation, brand and valued customer relationships.
risks related to defined benefit pension plans our defined benefit pension plans are currently underfunded and our pension funding requirements could increase significantly due to a reduction in funded status as a result of a variety of factors, including weak performance of financial markets, declining interest rates, changes in laws or regulations, or changes in assumptions or investments that do not achieve adequate returns. our employee benefit plans currently hold a significant amount of equity and fixed income securities. a detailed description of the investment funds and strategies and our potential funding requirements are disclosed in note 15 to our consolidated financial statements, which also describes significant concentrations of risk to the plan investments.
our future funding requirements for our defined benefit pension plans depend upon the future performance of assets placed in trusts for these plans, the level of interest rates used to determine funding levels, the level of benefits provided for by the plans and any changes in laws and regulations. future funding requirements generally increase if the discount rate decreases or if actual asset returns are lower than expected asset returns, assuming other factors are held constant. we estimate future contributions to these plans using assumptions with respect to these and other items. changes to those assumptions could have a significant effect on future contributions.
there are additional risks due to the complexity and magnitude of our investments. examples include implementation of significant changes in investment policy, insufficient market liquidity in particular asset classes and the inability to quickly rebalance illiquid and long-term investments.
factors that affect future funding requirements for our u.s. defined benefit plans generally affect the required funding for non-u.s. plans. certain plans outside the u.s. do not have assets and therefore the obligation is funded as benefits are paid. if local legal authorities increase the minimum funding requirements for our non-u.s. plans, we could be required to contribute more funds, which could negatively affect our liquidity and financial condition.
*  *  *  *  *  *  *
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations this md&a should be read in conjunction with the accompanying audited consolidated financial statements and notes. forward-looking statements in this md&a are not guarantees of future performance and may involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected. refer to the "forward-looking statements" section of this md&a and part i, item 1a. risk factors for a discussion of these risks and uncertainties. the discussion of our financial condition and results of operations for the year ended december 31, 2018 included in item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2019 is incorporated by reference into this md&a.
non-gaap measures  unless otherwise indicated, our non-gaap measures discussed in this md&a are related to our continuing operations and not our discontinued operations. our non-gaap measures include: earnings before interest and taxes (ebit)-adjusted, presented net of noncontrolling interests; earnings before income taxes (ebt)-adjusted for our gm financial segment; earnings per share (eps)-diluted-adjusted; effective tax rate-adjusted (etr-adjusted); return on invested capital-adjusted (roic-adjusted) and adjusted automotive free cash flow. our calculation of these non-gaap measures may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies due to potential differences between companies in the method of calculation. as a result, the use of these non-gaap measures has limitations and should not be considered superior to, in isolation from, or as a substitute for, related u.s. gaap measures.
these non-gaap measures allow management and investors to view operating trends, perform analytical comparisons and benchmark performance between periods and among geographic regions to understand operating performance without regard to items we do not consider a component of our core operating performance. furthermore, these non-gaap measures allow investors the opportunity to measure and monitor our performance against our externally communicated targets and evaluate the investment decisions being made by management to improve roic-adjusted. management uses these measures in its financial, investment and operational decision-making processes, for internal reporting and as part of its forecasting and budgeting processes. further, our board of directors uses certain of these and other measures as key metrics to determine management performance under our performance-based compensation plans. for these reasons we believe these non-gaap measures are useful for our investors.
general motors company and subsidiaries ebit-adjusted ebit-adjusted is presented net of noncontrolling interests and is used by management and can be used by investors to review our consolidated operating results because it excludes automotive interest income, automotive interest expense and income taxes as well as certain additional adjustments that are not considered part of our core operations. examples of adjustments to ebit include but are not limited to impairment charges on long-lived assets and other exit costs resulting from strategic shifts in our operations or discrete market and business conditions; costs arising from the ignition switch recall and related legal matters; and certain currency devaluations associated with hyperinflationary economies. for ebit-adjusted and our other non-gaap measures, once we have made an adjustment in the current period for an item, we will also adjust the related non-gaap measure in any future periods in which there is an impact from the item. our corresponding measure for our gm financial segment is ebt-adjusted because interest income and interest expense are part of operating results when assessing and measuring the operational and financial performance of the segment.
eps-diluted-adjusted eps-diluted-adjusted is used by management and can be used by investors to review our consolidated diluted eps results on a consistent basis. eps-diluted-adjusted is calculated as net income attributable to common stockholders-diluted less income (loss) from discontinued operations on an after-tax basis, adjustments noted above for ebit-adjusted and certain income tax adjustments divided by weighted-average common shares outstanding-diluted. examples of income tax adjustments include the establishment or reversal of significant deferred tax asset valuation allowances.
etr-adjusted etr-adjusted is used by management and can be used by investors to review the consolidated effective tax rate for our core operations on a consistent basis. etr-adjusted is calculated as income tax expense less the income tax related to the adjustments noted above for ebit-adjusted and the income tax adjustments noted above for eps-diluted-adjusted divided by income before income taxes less adjustments. when we provide an expected adjusted effective tax rate, we do not provide an expected effective tax rate because the u.s. gaap measure may include significant adjustments that are difficult to predict.
roic-adjusted roic-adjusted is used by management and can be used by investors to review our investment and capital allocation decisions. we define roic-adjusted as ebit-adjusted for the trailing four quarters divided by roic-adjusted average net assets, which is considered to be the average equity balances adjusted for average automotive debt and interest liabilities, exclusive of finance leases; average automotive net pension and other postretirement benefits (opeb) liabilities; and average automotive net income tax assets during the same period.
adjusted automotive free cash flow adjusted automotive free cash flow is used by management and can be used by investors to review the liquidity of our automotive operations and to measure and monitor our performance against our capital allocation program and evaluate our automotive liquidity against the substantial cash requirements of our automotive operations. we measure adjusted automotive free cash flow as automotive operating cash flow from continuing operations less capital expenditures adjusted for management actions. management actions can include voluntary events such as discretionary contributions to employee benefit plans or nonrecurring specific events such as a closure of a facility that are considered special for ebit-adjusted purposes. refer to the "liquidity and capital resources" section of this md&a for additional information.
general motors company and subsidiaries the following table reconciles net income attributable to stockholders under u.s. gaap to ebit-adjusted:
years ended december 31,
2020                                                                                             2019                        2018
net income attributable to stockholders                        $6,427                      $6,732                      $8,014
loss from discontinued operations, net of tax                       -                           -                          70
income tax expense                                              1,774                         769                         474
automotive interest expense                                     1,098                         782                         655
automotive interest income                                      (241)                       (429)                       (335)
adjustments gmi restructuring(a)                                              683                           -                       1,138
ignition switch recall and related legal matters(b)             (130)                           -                         440
cadillac dealer strategy(c)                                        99                           -                           -
transformation activities(d)                                        -                       1,735                       1,327
gm brazil indirect tax recoveries(e)                                -                     (1,360)                           -
faw-gm divestiture(f)                                               -                         164                           -
total adjustments                                                 652                         539                       2,905
ebit-adjusted                                                  $9,710                      $8,393                     $11,783
________
(a)these adjustments were excluded because of a strategic decision to rationalize our core operations by exiting or significantly reducing our presence in various international markets to focus resources on opportunities expected to deliver higher returns. the adjustments primarily consist of dealer restructurings, asset impairments, inventory provisions and employee separation charges in australia, new zealand, thailand and india in the year ended december 31, 2020 and employee separation charges, asset impairments and supplier claims in korea in the year ended december 31, 2018.
(b)these adjustments were excluded because of the unique events associated with the ignition switch recall, which included various investigations, inquiries and complaints from constituents.
(c)this adjustment was excluded because it relates to strategic activities to transition certain cadillac dealers from the network as part of cadillac's electric vehicle strategy.
(d)these adjustments were excluded because of a strategic decision to accelerate our transformation for the future to strengthen our core business, capitalize on the future of personal mobility, and drive significant cost efficiencies. the adjustments primarily consist of accelerated depreciation, supplier-related charges, pension and other curtailment charges and employee-related separation charges in the year ended december 31, 2019 and primarily employee separation charges and accelerated depreciation in the year ended december 31, 2018.
(e)this adjustment was excluded because of the unique events associated with decisions rendered by the superior judicial court of brazil resulting in retrospective recoveries of indirect taxes.
(f)this adjustment was excluded because we divested our joint venture faw-gm light duty commercial vehicle co., ltd. (faw-gm), as a result of a strategic decision by both shareholders, allowing us to focus our resources on opportunities expected to deliver higher returns.
general motors company and subsidiaries the following table reconciles diluted earnings per common share under u.s. gaap to eps-diluted-adjusted:
years ended december 31,
2020                                                                                                                                                     2019                                                 2018
amount                  per share                    amount                  per share                    amount                  per share diluted earnings per common share                                 $6,247                     $4.33                     $6,581                     $4.57                     $7,916                     $5.53
diluted loss per common share - discontinued operations                -                         -                          -                         -                         70                      0.05
adjustments(a)                                                       652                      0.46                        539                      0.38                      2,905                      2.03
tax effect on adjustments(b)                                        (70)                    (0.05)                      (188)                    (0.13)                      (416)                    (0.29)
tax adjustments(c)                                                   236                      0.16                          -                         -                    (1,111)                    (0.78)
eps-diluted-adjusted                                              $7,065                     $4.90                     $6,932                     $4.82                     $9,364                     $6.54
________
(a)    refer to the reconciliation of net income attributable to stockholders under u.s. gaap to ebit-adjusted within this section of the md&a for adjustment details.
(b)    the tax effect of each adjustment is determined based on the tax laws and valuation allowance status of the jurisdiction to which the adjustment relates.
(c)    in the year ended december 31, 2020, the adjustment consists of tax expense related to the establishment of a valuation allowance against deferred tax assets in australia and new zealand. this adjustment was excluded because significant impacts of valuation allowances are not considered part of our core operations. in the year ended december 31, 2018, the adjustment consists of: (1) a non-recurring tax benefit related to foreign earnings; and (2) tax effects related to u.s. tax reform legislation.
the following table reconciles our effective tax rate under u.s. gaap to etr-adjusted:
years ended december 31,
2020                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           2019                                                                                                              2018
income before income taxes                  income tax expense                  effective tax rate                income before income taxes                  income tax expense                  effective tax rate                income before income taxes                  income tax expense                  effective tax rate effective tax rate                      $8,095                                $1,774                                21.9        %                         $7,436                                  $769                                10.3        %                         $8,549                                  $474                                 5.5        %
adjustments(a)                             652                                    70                                                                         545                                   188                                                                       2,946                                   416
tax adjustments(b)                                                             (236)                                                                                                                 -                                                                                                             1,111
etr-adjusted                            $8,747                                $1,608                                18.4        %                         $7,981                                  $957                                12.0        %                        $11,495                                $2,001                                17.4        %
__________
(a)    refer to the reconciliation of net income attributable to stockholders under u.s. gaap to ebit-adjusted within this section of the md&a for adjustment details. net income attributable to noncontrolling interests for these adjustments is included in the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018. the tax effect of each adjustment is determined based on the tax laws and valuation allowance status of the jurisdiction to which the adjustment relates.
(b)    refer to the reconciliation of diluted earnings per common share under u.s. gaap to eps-diluted-adjusted within this section of the md&a for adjustment details.
we define return on equity (roe) as net income (loss) attributable to stockholders for the trailing four quarters divided by average equity for the same period. management uses average equity to provide comparable amounts in the calculation of roe. the following table summarizes the calculation of roe (dollars in billions):
years ended december 31,
2020                                                                                   2019                      2018
net income (loss) attributable to stockholders           $6.4                      $6.7                      $8.0
average equity(a)                                       $43.3                     $43.7                     $37.4
roe                                                      14.9   %                  15.4   %                  21.4   %
_______
(a)    includes equity of noncontrolling interests where the corresponding earnings (loss) are included in net income (loss) attributable to stockholders.
general motors company and subsidiaries the following table summarizes the calculation of roic-adjusted (dollars in billions):
years ended december 31,
2020                                                                                                                        2019                        2018
ebit-adjusted(a)                                                                            $9.7                        $8.4                       $11.8
average equity(b)                                                                          $43.3                       $43.7                       $37.4
add: average automotive debt and interest liabilities (excluding finance leases)            27.8                        14.9                        14.4
add: average automotive net pension &amp; opeb liability                                    17.6                        16.7                        18.3
less: average automotive net income tax asset                                             (24.0)                      (23.5)                      (22.7)
roic-adjusted average net assets                                                           $64.7                       $51.8                       $47.4
roic-adjusted                                                                               15.0   %                    16.2   %                    24.9   %
________
(a)    refer to the reconciliation of net income attributable to stockholders under u.s. gaap to ebit-adjusted within this section of the md&a.
(b)    includes equity of noncontrolling interests where the corresponding earnings (loss) are included in ebit-adjusted.
overview our vision for the future is a world with zero crashes, zero emissions and zero congestion, which guides our growth-focused investment in electrification, self-driving vehicles and new products and services. the all-electric future we are building integrates our technology, scale and manufacturing expertise to drive growth, profitability and deliver world-class customer interactions. our strategy includes product leadership in electric vehicles and autonomous vehicles, continued leadership in trucks and suvs, and developing and monetizing new software and services. we will execute our strategy with a diverse team and a steadfast commitment to good citizenship through sustainable operations and a leading health and safety culture.
the covid-19 pandemic and government actions and measures taken to prevent its spread continue to affect our operations. in response to covid-19, we previously suspended the majority of our global manufacturing operations and our automotive china jvs' manufacturing operations. by may 2020, we had resumed our global manufacturing operations. government-imposed restrictions on businesses, operations and travel and the related economic uncertainty have impacted demand for our vehicles in most of our global markets. during the first half of 2020, we executed a number of austerity measures, including aggressive actions to reduce costs and preserve liquidity, such as limiting advertising and other third-party spending, suspending our dividend on common shares, deferring salaried employee compensation and delaying non-critical projects, including certain future product programs. as production has returned to normal levels, the majority of the austerity measures we put into place have normalized. the extent of covid-19's impact on our future operations, liquidity and the demand for our products will depend upon, among other things, the duration and severity of the outbreak or subsequent outbreaks, related government responses, such as required physical distancing or restrictions on business operations and travel, the pace of recovery of economic activity and the impact to consumers, the effectiveness of available vaccines and any potential supply disruptions, all of which are uncertain and difficult to predict in light of the rapidly evolving landscape. refer to part i, item 1a. risk factors for a full discussion of the risks associated with the covid-19 pandemic.
the automotive industry and gm are currently experiencing a global semiconductor supply shortage. the supply shortage has impacted multiple suppliers that incorporate semiconductors into the parts they supply to us. we expect the semiconductor supply shortage will have a short-term impact on our business. we do not expect this shortage to impact our growth and electric vehicle initiatives, we will continue prioritizing full-size trucks, suvs and electric vehicles. refer to part i, item 1a. risk factors for further discussion of these risks.
for the year ending december 31, 2021, we expect eps-diluted and eps-diluted-adjusted of between $4.50 and $5.25, net income attributable to stockholders of between $6.8 billion and $7.6 billion and ebit-adjusted of between $10.0 billion and $11.0 billion, inclusive of the impact of the semiconductor supply shortage. we do not consider the potential future impact of adjustments on our expected financial results. we estimate the short-term semiconductor supply shortage to have a net ebit-adjusted impact of approximately $1.5 billion to $2.0 billion in the year ending december 31, 2021.
general motors company and subsidiaries the following table reconciles expected net income attributable to stockholders under u.s. gaap to expected ebit-adjusted (dollars in billions):
year ending december 31, 2021
net income attributable to stockholders                                 $ 6.8-7.6
income tax expense                                                        2.2-2.4
automotive interest expense, net                                  1.0
ebit-adjusted(a)                                                      $ 10.0-11.0
________
(a)we do not consider the potential future impact of adjustments on our expected financial results.
we also face continuing market, operating and regulatory challenges in several countries across the globe due to, among other factors, weak economic conditions, competitive pressures, our product portfolio offerings, heightened emissions standards, labor disruptions, foreign exchange volatility, rising material prices, evolving trade policy and political uncertainty. refer to part i, item 1a. risk factors for a discussion of these challenges.
in november 2018, we announced plans to accelerate steps to improve our overall business performance, including the reorganization of global product development staffs, the realignment of manufacturing capacity in response to market-related volume declines in passenger cars and a reduction of our salaried workforce. we achieved $4.5 billion in cost savings primarily from reductions in automotive and other cost of sales and automotive and other selling, general and administrative expense in our consolidated financial statements, inclusive of $0.2 billion of savings related to the wind-down of holden sales, design and engineering operations and sale of our vehicle and powertrain manufacturing facilities in thailand. we previously announced plans to reduce capital expenditures from approximately $8.5 billion to approximately $7.0 billion on a normalized run-rate basis. as a result of re-timing 2020 spending due to pandemic-related austerity measures into 2021 and a strategic decision to accelerate investments in our all-electric future beginning in 2021, we expect that our annual capital expenditures will exceed $7.0 billion through at least 2023. as we continue to assess our performance and the needs of our evolving business, additional restructuring and rationalization actions could be required. these actions could give rise to future asset impairments or other charges, which may have a material impact on our operating results.
gmna industry sales in north america were 17.7 million units in the year ended december 31, 2020, representing a decrease of 16.2% compared to the corresponding period in 2019. u.s. industry sales were 14.9 million units in the year ended december 31, 2020, representing a decrease of 14.7% compared to the corresponding period in 2019. as described above, the covid-19 pandemic has resulted in a contraction of total north america industry volumes in 2020. dealer inventory remains constrained for several critical vehicles, including our full-size trucks.
our total vehicle sales in the u.s., our largest market in north america, were 2.5 million units for a market share of 17.1% in the year ended december 31, 2020, representing an increase of 0.6 percentage points compared to the corresponding period in 2019. we continue to lead the u.s. industry in market share.
as discussed above, in response to covid-19, we suspended production across our manufacturing facilities in march 2020. by may 2020, we had resumed critical manufacturing operations and reached normalized production levels in june 2020. we continue to follow physical distancing guidance, enhanced deep cleaning procedures and provide personal protective equipment to protect our employees.
we estimate gmna's breakeven point at the u.s. industry level to be in the range of 10.0 to 11.0 million units. the extent of covid-19's impact on industry volumes in 2021 will ultimately depend upon, among other things, the duration and severity of the outbreak or subsequent outbreaks, related government responses, the pace of recovery of economic activity and the impact to consumers, the effectiveness of available vaccines and any potential supply disruptions, all of which are uncertain and difficult to predict in light of the rapidly evolving landscape.
gmi industry sales in china were 24.9 million units in the year ended december 31, 2020, representing a decrease of 1.9% compared to the corresponding period in 2019. our total vehicle sales in china were 2.9 million units for a market share of 11.6% in the year ended december 31, 2020, representing a decrease of 0.5 percentage points compared to the corresponding period in 2019. while we have observed a recovery of the market as the impact of the covid-19 pandemic in china subsides, the ongoing global macro-economic impact of covid-19 and geopolitical tensions may continue to place pressure on china's general motors company and subsidiaries automotive industry. our automotive china jvs generated equity income of $0.5 billion in the year ended december 31, 2020. although a continuation of a competitive industry, pricing pressures and a more challenging regulatory environment related to emissions, fuel consumption and new energy vehicles will continue to place pressure on our operations in china, we will continue to build upon our strong brands, network, and partnerships in china as well as continue to drive improvements in vehicle mix and cost.
outside of china, industry sales were 21.1 million units in the year ended december 31, 2020, representing a decrease of 18.0% compared to the corresponding period in 2019, primarily due to the global macroeconomic impact of covid-19. our total vehicle sales were 1.0 million units for a market share of 4.7% in the year ended december 31, 2020, representing a decrease of 0.1 percentage points compared to the corresponding period in 2019.
in the year ended december 31, 2020, restructuring actions in gmi were related to the wind-down of holden sales, design and engineering operations in australia and new zealand, with cessation of holden vehicle sales by 2021, the sale of our vehicle and powertrain manufacturing facilities in thailand, and the execution of a binding term sheet to sell our manufacturing facilities in india. these actions were taken to strengthen the company's core business and focus investment on other opportunities that will derive the greatest returns for shareholders and support investment in future technologies. we recorded charges of $0.7 billion in the year ended december 31, 2020. we also recorded deferred tax charges of $0.2 billion in the year ended december 31, 2020. the charges were primarily considered special for ebit-adjusted, eps-diluted-adjusted and adjusted automotive free cash flow purposes. we intend to continue to provide servicing and spare parts to customers for an extended period of time in australia, new zealand, thailand and india. refer to note 18 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information related to these restructuring actions.
cruise  we are actively testing our autonomous vehicles in the u.s. gated by safety and regulation, we continue to make significant progress towards commercialization of a network of on-demand autonomous vehicles in the u.s.
automotive financing - gm financial summary and outlook we believe that offering a comprehensive suite of financing products will generate incremental sales of our vehicles, drive incremental gm financial earnings and help support our sales throughout various economic cycles. gm financial's leasing program is exposed to residual values, which are heavily dependent on used vehicle prices. used vehicle prices increased approximately 3% in 2020 compared to 2019, primarily due to low new vehicle inventory, largely driven by the suspension of manufacturing operations as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, creating strong demand for used vehicles, which resulted in gains on terminations of leased vehicles of $1.3 billion in gm financial interest, operating and other expenses in the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to gains of $0.7 billion in the corresponding period in 2019. further, vehicles sold during 2020 were carried at lower net book values, resulting from increased depreciation rates recorded in anticipation of reduced residual values throughout 2020. in 2021, gm financial expects used vehicle prices to decline by an amount in the low single digits on a percentage basis as compared to 2020 levels as supply and demand dynamics normalize. the following table summarizes the estimated residual value based on gm financial's most recent estimates and the number of units included in gm financial equipment on operating leases, net by vehicle type (units in thousands):
december 31, 2020                                                            december 31, 2019
residual value                     units                    percentage       residual value                     units                    percentage crossovers            $16,334                          964                        65.5     %       $15,950                          972                        60.5     %
trucks                  7,455                          275                        18.7     %         7,256                          288                        18.0     %
suvs                    3,435                           92                         6.3     %         3,917                          108                         6.7     %
cars                    1,949                          140                         9.5     %         3,276                          238                        14.8     %
total                 $29,173                        1,471                       100.0     %       $30,399                        1,606                       100.0     %
gm financial's penetration of our retail sales in the u.s. increased to 45% in the year ended december 31, 2020 from 43% in 2019. penetration levels vary depending on incentive financing programs available and competing third-party financing products in the market. gm financial's prime loan originations as a percentage of total loan originations in north america increased to 73% in 2020 from 68% in 2019. in the year ended december 31, 2020, gm financial's revenue consisted of leased vehicle income of 69%, retail finance charge income of 26%, and commercial finance charge income of 3%.
consolidated results we review changes in our results of operations under five categories: volume, mix, price, cost and other. volume measures the impact of changes in wholesale vehicle volumes driven by industry volume, market share and changes in dealer stock levels. mix measures the impact of changes to the regional portfolio due to product, model, trim, general motors company and subsidiaries country and option penetration in current year wholesale vehicle volumes. price measures the impact of changes related to manufacturer's suggested retail price and various sales allowances. cost primarily includes: (1) material and freight; (2) manufacturing, engineering, advertising, administrative and selling and warranty expense; and (3) non-vehicle related activity. other primarily includes foreign exchange and non-vehicle related automotive revenues as well as equity income or loss from our nonconsolidated affiliates. refer to the regional sections of this md&a for additional information.
total net sales and revenue years ended december 31,                  favorable/ (unfavorable)                                           variance due to
2020                                                              2019                                                            %                            volume         mix                         price                           other
(dollars in billions)
gmna                                       $96,733                          $106,366                            $(9,633)                           (9.1)   %                  $(15.1)                     $2.7                         $3.3                   $(0.5)
gmi                                         11,586                            16,111                             (4,525)                          (28.1)   %                  $(4.4)                      $1.2                         $0.5                   $(1.8)
corporate                                      350                               220                                 130                            59.1   %                                                                                                  $0.1
automotive                                 108,669                           122,697                            (14,028)                          (11.4)   %                  $(19.6)                     $3.9                         $3.8                   $(2.2)
cruise                                         103                               100                                   3                             3.0   %                                                                                                  $-
gm financial                                13,831                            14,554                               (723)                           (5.0)   %                                                                                                  $(0.7)
eliminations/reclassifications               (118)                             (114)                                 (4)                           (3.5)   %                                              $-                                                  $-
total net sales and revenue               $122,485                          $137,237                           $(14,752)                          (10.7)   %                  $(19.6)                     $3.9                         $3.8                   $(2.9)
refer to the regional sections of this md&a for additional information on volume, mix and price.
automotive and other cost of sales years ended december 31,                  favorable/ (unfavorable)                                                                                                                         variance due to
2020                                                                                        2019                                                  %                   volume                       mix                         cost                        other
(dollars in billions)
gmna                                              $83,886                           $94,582                             $10,696                            11.3   %                    $11.0                   $(2.2)                      $1.8                        $-
gmi                                                12,515                            14,967                               2,452                            16.4   %                     $4.0                   $(0.9)                      $(1.6)                      $1.0
corporate                                             310                                81                               (229)                                n.m.                                                                        $(0.2)                      $-
cruise                                                829                             1,026        197                                                     19.2   %                                                                        $0.2
eliminations                                          (1)                               (5)                                 (4)                          (80.0)   %                                            $-                          $-
total automotive and other cost of sales          $97,539                          $110,651                             $13,112                            11.8   %                    $15.0                   $(3.1)                      $0.2                        $1.0
________
n.m. = not meaningful the most significant element of our automotive and other cost of sales is material cost, which makes up approximately two-thirds of the total amount. the remaining portion includes labor costs, depreciation and amortization, engineering, freight and product warranty and recall campaigns.
factors that most significantly influence a region's profitability are industry volume, market share, and the relative mix of vehicles (trucks, crossovers, cars) sold. variable profit is a key indicator of product profitability. variable profit is defined as revenue less material cost, freight, the variable component of manufacturing expense and warranty and recall-related costs. vehicles with higher selling prices generally have higher variable profit. refer to the regional sections of this md&a for additional information on volume and mix.
in the year ended december 31, 2020, favorable cost was primarily due to: (1) charges of $1.7 billion primarily related to accelerated depreciation and supplier-related charges resulting from transformation activities in 2019; (2) favorable cost of $1.5 billion primarily due to the impact of covid-19, inclusive of the suspension of production and austerity measures as well as cost savings associated with transformation activities and savings related to the wind-down of holden sales, design and engineering operations and sale of our vehicle and powertrain manufacturing facilities in thailand; and (3) decreased costs of $0.3 billion related to parts and accessories sales; partially offset by (4) a benefit of $1.4 billion related to the retrospective recoveries of indirect taxes in brazil in 2019; (5) increased material and freight costs of $0.9 billion; (6) charges of $0.7 billion general motors company and subsidiaries primarily related to dealer restructuring charges, property and intangible asset impairments, inventory provisions and employee separation charges in australia, new zealand, thailand and india; and (7) increased costs of $0.4 billion primarily due to the takata corporation (takata) recall of $1.1 billion partially offset by decreased other campaign and warranty-related costs. in the year ended december 31, 2020 favorable other was due to the foreign currency effect resulting from the weakening of the brazilian real and other currencies against the u.s. dollar.
automotive and other selling, general and administrative expense years ended december 31,   year ended
2020 vs. 2019 change
2020                                                                                    2019                        2018                        favorable/ (unfavorable)                        %
automotive and other selling, general and administrative expense           $7,038                      $8,491                      $9,650       $1,453                           17.1                     %
in the year ended december 31, 2020, automotive and other selling, general and administrative expense decreased primarily due to decreased advertising and other costs of $1.4 billion primarily related to the impact of covid-19, inclusive of austerity measures and cost savings associated with transformation activities.
interest income and other non-operating income, net years ended december 31,   year ended
2020 vs. 2019 change
2020                                                                        2019                        2018                        favorable/ (unfavorable)                        %
interest income and other non-operating income, net            $1,885                      $1,469                      $2,596       $416                             28.3                     %
in the year ended december 31, 2020, interest income and other non-operating income, net increased primarily due to increased non-service pension income of $0.3 billion.
income tax expense years ended december 31,   year ended
2020 vs. 2019 change
2020                                       2019                      2018                      favorable/ (unfavorable)                        %
income tax expense            $1,774                      $769                      $474       $(1,005)                                        n.m.
________
n.m. = not meaningful in the year ended december 31, 2020, income tax expense increased primarily due to changes in valuation allowance, an increase in pre-tax income, and the absence of u.s. tax benefits from foreign activity.
for the year ended december 31, 2020 our etr-adjusted was 18.4%. we expect our adjusted effective tax rate to be approximately 24% for the year ending december 31, 2021.
refer to note 17 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information related to income tax expense.
gm north america years ended december 31,               favorable/ (unfavorable)                                                 variance due to
2020                                                 2019                                                                           %                        volume                        mix                      price                    cost                     other
(dollars in billions)
total net sales and revenue           $96,733                          $106,366                    $(9,633)                                      (9.1)   %                  $(15.1)                    $2.7                     $3.3                                              $(0.5)
ebit-adjusted                          $9,071                            $8,204                    $867                             10.6                 %                  $(4.1)                     $0.5                     $3.3                     $1.3                     $(0.1)
ebit-adjusted margin                      9.4    %   7.7                           %   1.7                               %
(vehicles in thousands)
wholesale vehicle sales                 2,707                             3,214                    (507)                                        (15.8)   %
general motors company and subsidiaries gmna total net sales and revenue in the year ended december 31, 2020, total net sales and revenue decreased primarily due to: (1) decreased net wholesale volumes across most vehicle lines as a result of suspending production due to the covid-19 pandemic, partially offset by lost production volumes associated with the uaw strike in 2019; and (2) unfavorable other primarily due to decreased sales of parts and accessories due to the covid-19 pandemic and foreign currency effect resulting from the weakening of the mexican peso against the u.s. dollar; partially offset by (3) favorable price primarily due to full-size suvs, pickup trucks and crossover vehicles; and (4) favorable mix associated with decreased sales of passenger cars and crossover vehicles, improved mix associated with our new full-size pickup trucks, partially offset by decreased sales of full-size suvs.
gmna ebit-adjusted the most significant factors that influence profitability are industry volume and market share. while not as significant as industry volume and market share, another factor affecting profitability is the relative mix of vehicles sold. trucks, crossovers and cars sold currently have a variable profit of approximately 160%, 60% and 30% of our gmna portfolio on a weighted-average basis.
in the year ended december 31, 2020, ebit-adjusted increased primarily due to: (1) favorable price; (2) favorable cost due to savings in advertising, manufacturing, engineering and other administrative and selling of $2.1 billion, inclusive of the suspension of production and austerity measures in response to the covid-19 pandemic as well as transformation activities; partially offset by increased material and freight cost of $0.7 billion, and increased costs of $0.4 billion primarily due to the takata recall of $1.1 billion partially offset by decreased other campaigns and warranty-related costs; and (3) favorable mix; partially offset by (4) decreased net wholesale volumes.
gm international years ended december 31,               favorable/ (unfavorable)                                                 variance due to
2020                                                                     2019                                                                           %                        volume                        mix                      price                    cost                     other
(dollars in billions)
total net sales and revenue                               $11,586                           $16,111                    $(4,525)                                     (28.1)   %                  $(4.4)                     $1.2                     $0.5                                              $(1.8)
ebit (loss)-adjusted                                       $(528)                            $(202)                    $(326)                                             n.m.                  $(0.5)                     $0.3                     $0.6                     $0.2                     $(0.9)
ebit (loss)-adjusted margin                                 (4.6)    %                        (1.3)    %               (3.3)                 %
equity income - automotive china                             $512                            $1,132                    $(620)                                       (54.8)   %
ebit (loss)-adjusted - excluding equity income           $(1,040)                          $(1,334)                    $294                             22.0                 %
(vehicles in thousands)
wholesale vehicle sales                                       663        995                                           (332)                                        (33.4)   %
________
n.m. = not meaningful the vehicle sales of our automotive china jvs are not recorded in total net sales and revenue. the results of our joint ventures are recorded in equity income, which is included in ebit (loss)-adjusted above.
gmi total net sales and revenue  in the year ended december 31, 2020, total net sales and revenue decreased primarily due to: (1) decreased wholesale volumes primarily due to lower industry volumes due to the covid-19 pandemic primarily in south america and lower volumes in asia/pacific inclusive of the wind-down of our vehicle sales operations in australia, new zealand and thailand; (2) unfavorable other primarily due to the foreign currency effect resulting from the weakening of the brazilian real and argentine peso against the u.s. dollar and decreased components, parts and accessories sales; partially offset by (3) favorable mix primarily in brazil; and (4) favorable pricing across multiple vehicle lines in argentina and brazil.
gmi ebit (loss)-adjusted  in the year ended december 31, 2020, ebit (loss)-adjusted increased primarily due to: (1) unfavorable volume; (2) unfavorable other primarily due to decreased equity income and the foreign currency effect resulting from the weakening of the brazilian real and argentine peso against the u.s. dollar; partially offset by (3) favorable pricing; (4) favorable mix primarily in brazil and asia/pacific; and (5) favorable cost primarily due to decreased advertising and engineering expenses, inclusive of savings related to the wind-down of holden sales, design and engineering operations and sale of our vehicle and powertrain manufacturing facilities in thailand, partially offset by increased material cost.
general motors company and subsidiaries we view the chinese market as important to our global growth strategy and are employing a multi-brand strategy. in the coming years we plan to leverage our global architectures to increase the number of product offerings under the buick, chevrolet and cadillac brands in china and continue to grow our business under the local baojun and wuling brands. we operate in the chinese market through a number of joint ventures and maintaining strong relationships with our joint venture partners is an important part of our china growth strategy.
the following table summarizes certain key operational and financial data for the automotive china jvs (vehicles in thousands):
years ended december 31,
2020                                                                                                   2019                        2018
wholesale vehicle sales including vehicles exported to markets outside of china            3,029                       3,244                       4,030
total net sales and revenue                                                              $38,736                     $39,123                     $50,316
net income                                                                                $1,239                      $2,258                      $3,992
december 31, 2020       december 31, 2019
cash and cash equivalents               $8,980                  $6,257
debt                                      $313                    $109
cruise years ended december 31,                                                                                          2020 vs. 2019 change
2020                                                   2019                          2018                              favorable/ (unfavorable)                             %
total net sales and revenue(a)         $103                        $100                          $-                               $3                                 3.0    %
ebit (loss)-adjusted                   $(887)                      $(1,004)                      $(728)                         $117                                11.6    %
________
(a)    reclassified to interest income and other non-operating income, net in our consolidated income statement in each of the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019.
cruise ebit (loss)-adjusted in the year ended december 31, 2020, ebit (loss)-adjusted decreased primarily due to a reduction in developmental costs as we progress towards the commercialization of a network of on-demand autonomous vehicles in the u.s., partially offset by an increase in administrative expense.
gm financial years ended december 31,                           2020 vs. 2019 change
2020                                                                                       2019                        2018           amount                             %
total revenue                                           $13,831                     $14,554                     $14,016          $(723)                         (5.0)    %
provision for loan losses                                  $881                        $726                        $642            $155                          21.3    %
ebt-adjusted                                             $2,702                      $2,104                      $1,893            $598                          28.4    %
average debt outstanding (dollars in billions)            $91.4                       $91.2                       $85.1            $0.2                           0.2    %
effective rate of interest paid                             3.3   %                     4.0   %                     3.8   %       (0.7)    %
gm financial revenue in the year ended december 31, 2020, total revenue decreased primarily due to decreased leased vehicle income of $0.5 billion primarily due to a decrease in the size of the leased vehicle portfolio and decreased investment income of $0.1 billion resulting from a decline in benchmark interest rates.
gm financial ebt-adjusted in the year ended december 31, 2020, ebt-adjusted increased primarily due to: (1) decreased interest expense of $0.6 billion due to a lower effective rate of interest on debt resulting from a decline in benchmark interest rates; (2) decreased leased vehicle expenses net of decreased leased vehicle income of $0.3 billion primarily due to increased leased vehicle termination gains, due to the outperformance of used vehicle prices compared to residual value estimates and a decrease in the size of the leased vehicle portfolio; partially offset by (3) increased provision for loan losses of $0.2 billion primarily due to increased expected charge-offs as a result of the forecasted economic impact of the covid-19 pandemic, inclusive of new cecl standard impacts.
general motors company and subsidiaries liquidity and capital resources as described in the "overview" section of this md&a, the covid-19 pandemic has had a material impact on our financial results and it may have a material impact on future periods, including our cash flows from operating activities and liquidity. the extent of the impact of covid-19 on our liquidity will depend upon, among other things, the duration and severity of the outbreak or subsequent outbreaks, related government responses, such as required physical distancing or restrictions on business operations and travel, the pace of recovery of economic activity and the impact to consumers, the effectiveness of available vaccines and any potential supply disruptions, all of which are uncertain and difficult to predict. refer to part i, item 1a. risk factors for a full discussion of the risks associated with the covid-19 pandemic.
during 2020, to preserve financial flexibility in light of the uncertainty in global markets resulting from the covid-19 pandemic, we borrowed $15.9 billion under our revolving credit facilities, extended a portion of our revolving credit facilities for an additional year, issued $4.0 billion in senior unsecured notes and entered into a new unsecured 364-day, $2.0 billion revolving credit facility. we repaid all amounts drawn under the revolving credit facilities as of december 31, 2020. see the "automotive liquidity" section of this md&a for additional information on these liquidity actions.
despite the uncertainty resulting from the covid-19 pandemic, we believe our current levels of cash, cash equivalents, and marketable debt securities, available borrowing capacity under our revolving credit facilities and other liquidity actions currently available to us are sufficient to meet our liquidity requirements. we also maintain access to the capital markets and may issue debt or equity securities, which may provide an additional source of liquidity. we have substantial cash requirements going forward, which we plan to fund through our total available liquidity, cash flows from operating activities and additional liquidity measures, if determined to be necessary.
the following summarizes aggregated information about our material short and long-term cash requirements from our known contractual and other obligations:
payments due by period
2021                                                                          2022-2023                  2024-2025                2026 and after                    total automotive debt                                    $1,199                  $2,619                     $2,618                       11,260                      17,696
automotive financing debt                          35,742                  34,579                     14,417                        7,277                      92,015
automotive interest payments(a)                       947                   1,807                      1,532                        8,439                      12,725
automotive financing interest payments(b)           2,072                   2,329                        955                          443                       5,799
operating lease obligations                           266                     436                        312                          498                       1,512
material                                            2,496                   1,593                         71                           18                       4,178
__________
(a)amounts include automotive interest payments based on contractual terms and current interest rates on our debt and finance lease obligations. automotive interest payments based on variable interest rates were determined using the interest rate in effect at december 31, 2020.
(b)gm financial interest payments were determined using the interest rate in effect at december 31, 2020 for floating rate debt and the contractual rates for fixed rate debt. gm financial interest payments on floating rate tranches of the securitization notes payable were converted to a fixed rate based on the floating rate plus any expected hedge payments.
our known current material uses of cash include, among other possible demands: (1) capital expenditures of approximately $9.0 billion to $10.0 billion in 2021 in addition to payments for engineering and product development activities; (2) payments associated with previously announced vehicle recalls, the settlements of the multi-district litigation and any other recall-related contingencies; and (3) payments to service debt and other long-term obligations, including discretionary and mandatory contributions to our pension plans. our material future uses of cash, which may vary from time to time based on market conditions and other factors, are focused on the three objectives of our capital allocation program: (1) grow our business at an average target roic-adjusted rate of 20% or greater; (2) maintain a strong investment-grade balance sheet, including a target average automotive cash balance of $18 billion; and (3) after the first two objectives are met, return available cash to shareholders. our senior management evaluates our capital allocation program on an ongoing basis and recommends any modifications to the program to our board of directors, not less than once annually.
our liquidity plans are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those described in the "forward-looking statements" section of this md&a and part i, item 1a. risk factors, some of which are outside of our control.
general motors company and subsidiaries we continue to monitor and evaluate opportunities to strengthen our competitive position over the long term while maintaining a strong investment-grade balance sheet. these actions may include opportunistic payments to reduce our long-term obligations, as well as the possibility of acquisitions, dispositions, investments with joint venture partners and strategic alliances that we believe would generate significant advantages and substantially strengthen our business.
in january 2017, we announced that our board of directors had authorized the purchase of up to $5.0 billion of our common stock with no expiration date, as part of our common stock repurchase program. we have completed $1.7 billion of the $5.0 billion program through december 31, 2020.
cash flows occur amongst our automotive, cruise and gm financial operations that are eliminated when we consolidate our cash flows. such eliminations include, among other things, collections by automotive on wholesale accounts receivables financed by dealers through gm financial, payments between automotive and gm financial for accounts receivables transferred by automotive to gm financial, loans to automotive from gm financial, dividends issued by gm financial to automotive and automotive cash injections in cruise. the presentation of automotive liquidity, cruise liquidity and gm financial liquidity presented below includes the impact of cash transactions amongst the sectors that are ultimately eliminated in consolidation.
automotive liquidity total available liquidity includes cash, cash equivalents, marketable debt securities and funds available under credit facilities. the amount of available liquidity is subject to seasonal fluctuations and includes balances held by various business units and subsidiaries worldwide that are needed to fund their operations.
we manage our liquidity primarily at our treasury centers as well as at certain of our significant consolidated overseas subsidiaries. over 90% of our cash and marketable debt securities were managed within north america and at our regional treasury centers at december 31, 2020. we have used and will continue to use other methods including intercompany loans to utilize these funds across our global operations as needed.
our cash equivalents and marketable debt securities balances are primarily denominated in u.s. dollars and include investments in u.s. government and agency obligations, foreign government securities, time deposits, corporate debt securities and mortgage and asset-backed securities. our investment guidelines, which we may change from time to time, prescribe certain minimum credit worthiness thresholds and limit our exposures to any particular sector, asset class, issuance or security type. the majority of our current investments in debt securities are with a/a2 or better rated issuers.
we use credit facilities as a mechanism to provide additional flexibility in managing our global liquidity. at december 31, 2019, the total size of our credit facilities was $17.5 billion, which consisted principally of three revolving credit facilities. in may 2020, as an additional source of available liquidity, we entered into a fourth facility, increasing the size of our credit facilities to $18.5 billion. these facilities consist of a three-year, $4.0 billion facility that includes a letter of credit sub-facility of $1.1 billion, a five-year, $10.5 billion facility, a three-year, $2.0 billion transformation facility and a 364-day, $2.0 billion revolving credit facility entered into in may 2020. total borrowing capacity under our automotive credit facilities does not include a 364-day, $2.0 billion facility designated for exclusive use by gm financial.
in april 2020, we renewed our 364-day, $2.0 billion facility designated for exclusive use by gm financial for an additional 364-day term and extended $3.6 billion of the three-year, $4.0 billion facility for an additional year expiring in april 2022. the remaining portion will expire in april 2021, unless extended. as part of the extension of the three-year, $4.0 billion facility, we agreed not to execute any share repurchases while we have any outstanding borrowings under the revolving credit facilities, except for the three-year, $2.0 billion transformation facility. in addition, we are restricted from paying dividends on our common shares if outstanding borrowings under the revolving credit facilities exceed $5.0 billion, with the exception of the three-year, $2.0 billion transformation facility.
in 2020, we borrowed $3.4 billion against our three-year, $4.0 billion facility, $2.0 billion against our three-year, $2.0 billion transformation facility and $10.5 billion against our five-year, $10.5 billion facility. we repaid all amounts drawn under the revolving credit facilities as of december 31, 2020. we had letters of credit outstanding under our sub-facility of $0.3 billion and $0.2 billion at december 31, 2020 and 2019.
if available capacity permits, gm financial has access to our revolving credit facilities, except for the three-year, $2.0 billion transformation facility and the new 364-day $2.0 billion facility. gm financial did not have borrowings outstanding against our revolving credit facilities at december 31, 2020 and 2019. refer to note 13 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information on credit facilities. we had intercompany loans from gm financial of $0.4 billion and $0.5 billion at general motors company and subsidiaries december 31, 2020 and 2019, which primarily consisted of commercial loans to dealers we consolidate, and we had no intercompany loans to gm financial. refer to note 5 of our consolidated financial statements for additional information.
in may 2020, we issued $4.0 billion in aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes with a weighted average interest rate of 6.11% and maturity dates ranging from 2023 to 2027. the notes are governed by a sixth supplemental indenture and the same base indenture that governs our existing notes, which contains terms and covenants customary for these types of securities, including a limitation on the amount of certain secured debt we may incur. the net proceeds from the issuance of these senior unsecured notes provide additional financial flexibility and will be used for general corporate purposes. in august 2020, we repaid $0.5 billion of our floating rate senior unsecured debt upon maturity.
several of our loan facilities, including our revolving credit facilities, require compliance with certain financial and operational covenants as well as regular reporting to lenders. we have reviewed our covenants in effect as of december 31, 2020 and determined we are in compliance and expect to remain in compliance in the future.
gm financial's board of directors declared and paid dividends of $0.8 billion and $0.4 billion on its common stock in 2020 and 2019. future dividends from gm financial will depend on a number of factors including business and economic conditions, its financial condition, earnings, liquidity requirements and leverage ratio.
the following table summarizes our available liquidity (dollars in billions):
december 31, 2020                december 31, 2019
automotive cash and cash equivalents                                            $14.2                            $13.4
marketable debt securities                                                        8.1                              3.9
automotive cash, cash equivalents and marketable debt securities                 22.3                             17.3
cruise cash and cash equivalents(a)                                               0.8                              2.3
cruise marketable debt securities(a)                                              0.9                              0.3
available liquidity                                                              24.0                             19.9
available under credit facilities                                                18.2                             17.3
total available liquidity                                                       $42.2                            $37.2
__________
(a)amounts are designated exclusively for the use of cruise. refer to note 20 to our consolidated financial statements for further details.
the following table summarizes the changes in our automotive available liquidity (excluding cruise, dollars in billions):
year ended december 31, 2020
operating cash flow                                                          $7.5
capital expenditures                                                        (5.3)
dividends paid and payments to purchase common stock                        (0.6)
issuance of senior unsecured notes                                            4.0
repayment of senior unsecured notes                                         (0.5)
other non-operating(a)                                                      (0.1)
increase in available credit facilities                                       0.9
total change in automotive available liquidity                               $5.9
__________
(a)amount includes $0.5 billion of net payments on other debt including finance leases and several other insignificant items, partially offset by $0.6 billion of proceeds from the sale of our remaining shares in lyft.
general motors company and subsidiaries automotive cash flow (dollars in billions)
years ended december 31,                2020 vs. 2019 change
2020                                                                                         2019                      2018
operating activities income from continuing operations                              $5.0                      $5.8                      $7.1                         $(0.8)
depreciation, amortization and impairment charges               5.5                       6.7                       6.1                          (1.2)
pension and opeb activities                                   (1.6)                     (1.5)                     (3.4)                          (0.1)
working capital                                               (1.7)                     (2.2)                       0.7                            0.5
accrued and other liabilities and income taxes                (1.4)                     (1.5)                       1.9                            0.1
other                                                           1.7                       0.1                     (0.7)                            1.6
net automotive cash provided by operating activities           $7.5                      $7.4                     $11.7                           $0.1
in the year ended december 31, 2020, the increase in net automotive cash provided by operating activities was primarily due to: (1) payments of $1.1 billion in the prior year related to transformation activities; (2) working capital; (3) higher dividends received from gm financial of $0.4 billion; and (4) several other insignificant items; partially offset by (5) unwind of sales incentives of $1.8 billion; and (6) lower dividends received from our nonconsolidated affiliates of $0.7 billion.
years ended december 31,                                                             2020 vs. 2019 change
2020                                                                                                      2019                        2018
investing activities capital expenditures                                                 $(5.3)                         $(7.5)                      $(8.7)                           $2.2
acquisitions and liquidations of marketable securities, net(a)       (3.6)                             2.4                         2.3                          (6.0)
gm investment in cruise                                              -                               (0.7)                       (1.1)       0.7
other                                                                0.1                               0.2                       (0.2)                          (0.1)
net automotive cash used in investing activities                     $(8.8)                         $(5.6)                      $(7.7)                         $(3.2)
__________
(a)amount includes $0.6 billion and $0.3 billion of proceeds from the sale of our shares in lyft in the year ended december 31, 2020 and 2019.
in the year ended december 31, 2020, capital expenditures decreased primarily due to the delay of non-critical projects, including certain future product programs, in response to the covid-19 pandemic. cash used in acquisitions and liquidations of marketable securities, net increased due to the increased purchases of marketable securities with proceeds from the issuance of debt in response to the covid-19 pandemic and increased liquidations of marketable securities for strike-related liquidity needs during 2019.
years ended december 31,                2020 vs. 2019 change
2020                                                                                                      2019                        2018
financing activities net proceeds (payments) from short-term debt                            $(0.5)                   $0.5                           $(1.4)                         $(1.0)
issuance of senior unsecured notes                                         4.0                   -                                 2.1                            4.0
repayment of senior unsecured notes                                      (0.5)                   -                                   -                          (0.5)
dividends paid and payments to purchase common stock                     (0.6)                   (2.2)                           (2.3)                            1.6
proceeds from kdb investment in gm korea                                     -                   -                                 0.7                              -
other                                                                    (0.3)                   (0.4)                           (0.6)                            0.1
net automotive cash provided by (used in) financing activities            $2.1                   $(2.1)                         $(1.5)                           $4.2
general motors company and subsidiaries adjusted automotive free cash flow we measure adjusted automotive free cash flow as automotive operating cash flow from continuing operations less capital expenditures adjusted for management actions. for the year ended december 31, 2020, net automotive cash provided by operating activities under u.s. gaap was $7.5 billion, capital expenditures were $5.3 billion and adjustments for management actions, primarily related to gmi restructuring, were $0.3 billion. for the year ended december 31, 2019, net automotive cash provided by operating activities under u.s. gaap was $7.4 billion, capital expenditures were $7.5 billion and adjustments for management actions, primarily related to transformation activities, were $1.2 billion.
status of credit ratings we receive ratings from four independent credit rating agencies: dbrs limited (dbrs), fitch ratings (fitch), moody's investor service (moody's) and standard & poor's (s&p). all four credit rating agencies currently rate our corporate credit at investment grade. the following table summarizes our credit ratings at january 29, 2021:
corporate               revolving credit facilities         senior unsecured        outlook dbrs           bbb                     bbb                                 n/a                     negative fitch          bbb-                    bbb-                                bbb-                    stable moody's        investment grade        baa2                                baa3                    negative s&amp;p        bbb                     bbb                                 bbb                     negative cruise liquidity the changes in our cruise available liquidity in the year ended december 31, 2020 were primarily driven by operating cash flow. in january 2021, cruise holdings issued class g preferred shares in exchange for $2.2 billion from microsoft and other investors, including $1.0 billion from general motors holdings llc. refer to note 26 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information. when cruise's autonomous vehicles are ready for commercial deployment, softbank vision fund (aiv m2), l.p. (the vision fund) is obligated to purchase additional convertible preferred shares (cruise preferred shares) for $1.35 billion.
cruise cash flow (dollars in billions)
years ended december 31,                                                2020 vs. 2019 change
2020                                                            2019                        2018
net cash used in operating activities           $(0.8)                      $(0.8)                      $(0.6)          $-
net cash used in investing activities           $(0.7)                      $(0.3)                      $(0.1)          $(0.4)
net cash provided by financing activities       $-                          $1.1                        $3.0            $(1.1)
in the year ended december 31, 2020, net cash provided by financing activities decreased primarily due to a reduction in the issuance of preferred shares.
automotive financing - gm financial liquidity gm financial's primary sources of cash are finance charge income, leasing income and proceeds from the sale of terminated leased vehicles, net distributions from credit facilities, securitizations, secured and unsecured borrowings and collections and recoveries on finance receivables. gm financial's primary uses of cash are purchases of retail finance receivables and leased vehicles, the funding of commercial finance receivables, repayment or repurchases of secured and unsecured debt, funding credit enhancement requirements in connection with securitizations and secured credit facilities, interest costs, operating expenses and dividend payments. the following table summarizes gm financial's available liquidity (dollars in billions):
december 31, 2020                december 31, 2019
cash and cash equivalents                                                                 $5.1                             $3.3
borrowing capacity on unpledged eligible assets                                           19.0                             17.5
borrowing capacity on committed unsecured lines of credit                                  0.5                              0.3
borrowing capacity on revolving credit facility, exclusive to gm financial                 2.0                              2.0
total gm financial available liquidity                                                   $26.6                            $23.1
general motors company and subsidiaries in the year ended december 31, 2020, available liquidity increased primarily due to an increase in cash and cash equivalents and available borrowing capacity on unpledged eligible assets, resulting from the issuance of securitization transactions, unsecured debt and preferred stock. gm financial structures liquidity to support at least six months of gm financial's expected net cash outflows, including new originations, without access to new debt financing transactions or other capital markets activity.
gm financial has access to $16.5 billion of our revolving credit facilities with exclusive access to the 364-day, $2.0 billion facility. refer to the "automotive liquidity" section of this md&a for additional details. we have a support agreement with gm financial which, among other things, establishes commitments of funding from us to gm financial. this agreement also provides that we will continue to own all of gm financial's outstanding voting shares so long as any unsecured debt securities remain outstanding at gm financial. in addition, we are required to use our commercially reasonable efforts to ensure gm financial remains a subsidiary borrower under our corporate revolving credit facilities.
credit facilities in the normal course of business, in addition to using its available cash, gm financial utilizes borrowings under its credit facilities, which may be secured or unsecured, and gm financial repays these borrowings as appropriate under its cash management strategy. at december 31, 2020, secured, committed unsecured and uncommitted unsecured credit facilities totaled $26.2 billion, $0.5 billion and $1.5 billion with advances outstanding of $3.7 billion, an insignificant amount and $1.5 billion.
gm financial cash flow (dollars in billions)
years ended december 31,   2020 vs. 2019 change
2020                                                                        2019                        2018
net cash provided by operating activities                        $8.0                   $8.1                             $7.4       $(0.1)
net cash used in investing activities                          $(9.3)                   $(5.0)                        $(17.5)       $(4.3)
net cash provided by (used in) financing activities              $2.4                   $(3.5)                          $11.1       $5.9
in the year ended december 31, 2020, net cash provided by operating activities decreased primarily due to: (1) a decrease in leased vehicle income of $0.5 billion; and (2) a decrease in derivative collateral posting activities of $0.1 billion; partially offset by (3) a decrease in interest paid of $0.5 billion.
in the year ended december 31, 2020, net cash used in investing activities increased primarily due to: (1) increased purchases of finance receivables of $4.9 billion; and (2) decreased collections and recoveries on finance receivables of $0.7 billion; partially offset by (3) decreased purchases of leased vehicles of $1.2 billion.
in the year ended december 31, 2020, net cash provided by financing activities increased primarily due to: (1) an increase in borrowings of $22.2 billion; and (2) issuance of preferred stock of $0.5 billion; partially offset by (3) an increase in debt repayments of $16.4 billion; and (4) an increase in dividend payments of $0.4 billion.
off-balance sheet arrangements not applicable.
contractual obligations and other long-term liabilities not applicable.
critical accounting estimates the consolidated financial statements are prepared in conformity with u.s. gaap, which requires the use of estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses in the periods presented. we believe the accounting estimates employed are appropriate and the resulting balances are reasonable; however, due to the inherent uncertainties in developing estimates, actual results could differ from the original estimates, requiring adjustments to these balances in future periods. refer to note 2 to our consolidated financial statements for our significant accounting policies related to our critical accounting estimates.
general motors company and subsidiaries product warranty and recall campaigns the estimates related to product warranties are established using historical information on the nature, frequency and average cost of claims of each vehicle line or each model year of the vehicle line and assumptions about future activity and events. when little or no claims experience exists for a model year or a vehicle line, the estimate is based on comparable models.
we accrue the costs related to product warranty at the time of vehicle sale and we accrue the estimated cost of recall campaigns when they are probable and estimable, which is generally at the time of sale.
the estimates related to recall campaigns accrued at the time of vehicle sale are established by applying a paid loss approach that considers the number of historical recall campaigns and the estimated cost for each recall campaign. these estimates consider the nature, frequency and magnitude of historical recall campaigns, and use key assumptions including the number of historical periods and the weighting of historical data in the reserve studies. costs associated with recall campaigns not accrued at the time of vehicle sale are estimated based on the estimated cost of repairs and the estimated vehicles to be repaired. depending on part availability and time to complete repairs we may, from time to time, offer courtesy transportation at no cost to our customers. these estimates are re-evaluated on an ongoing basis and based on the best available information. revisions are made when necessary based on changes in these factors.
the estimated amount accrued for recall campaigns at the time of vehicle sale is most sensitive to the estimated number of recall events, the number of vehicles per recall event, the assumed number of vehicles that will be brought in by customers for repair (take rate) and the cost per vehicle for each recall event. the estimated cost of a recall campaign that is accrued on an individual basis is most sensitive to our estimated assumed take rate that is primarily developed based on our historical take rate experience. a 10% increase in the estimated take rate for all recall campaigns would increase the estimated cost by approximately $0.4 billion.
actual experience could differ from the amounts estimated requiring adjustments to these liabilities in future periods. due to the uncertainty and potential volatility of the factors contributing to developing estimates, changes in our assumptions could materially affect our results of operations.
sales incentives the estimated effect of sales incentives offered to dealers and end customers is recorded as a reduction of automotive net sales and revenue at the time of sale. there may be numerous types of incentives available at any particular time. incentive programs are generally specific to brand, model or sales region and are for specified time periods, which may be extended. significant factors used in estimating the cost of incentives include type of program, forecasted sales volume, product mix, and the rate of customer acceptance of incentive programs, all of which are estimated based on historical experience and assumptions concerning future customer behavior and market conditions. a change in any of these factors affecting the estimate could have a significant effect on recorded sales incentives. a 10% increase in the cost of incentives would increase the sales incentive liability by approximately $0.3 billion. subsequent adjustments to incentive estimates are possible as facts and circumstances change over time, which could affect the revenue previously recognized in automotive net sales and revenue.
gm financial allowance for loan losses  the gm financial retail finance receivables portfolio consists of smaller-balance, homogeneous loans that are carried at amortized cost, net of allowance for loan losses. the allowance for loan losses on retail finance receivables reflects net credit losses expected to be incurred over the remaining life of the retail finance receivables, which have a weighted average remaining life of approximately two years. we forecast net credit losses based on relevant information about past events, current conditions and forecast economic performance. we believe that the allowance is adequate to cover expected credit losses on the retail finance receivables; however, because the allowance for loan losses is based on estimates, there can be no assurance that the ultimate charge-off amount will not exceed such estimates or that our credit loss assumptions will not increase.
gm financial incorporates assumptions about forecast charge-off recovery rates and overall economic performance in its allowance estimate. used vehicle prices rebounded in the second half of 2020 after decreasing in march and april 2020, and recoveries outperformed the forecast. therefore, gm financial increased its recovery rate forecast as of december 31, 2020. each 5% relative decrease/increase in the forecast recovery rates could increase/decrease our allowance for loan losses by approximately $0.1 billion.
gm financial updated its forecast of economic performance in march 2020, following the onset of the covid-19 pandemic, and has continued to monitor and update the forecast through december 31, 2020. at december 31, 2020, the weightings applied to the economic forecast scenarios considered resulted in an allowance for loan losses on the retail finance receivables portfolio of $1.9 billion. using different possible weightings that gm financial could apply to the economic forecast scenarios general motors company and subsidiaries result in an allowance for loan losses ranging from $1.8 billion to $2.0 billion. actual economic data and recovery rates that are lower than those forecasted by gm financial could result in an increase to the allowance for loan losses.
the gm financial commercial finance receivables portfolio consists of floorplan financing as well as dealer loans, which are loans to finance improvements to dealership facilities, to provide working capital, and to purchase and/or finance dealership real estate. the allowance for loan losses on commercial finance receivables is also based on estimates that, effective january 1, 2020, include historical loss experience for the consolidated portfolio, as well as the forecast for industry vehicle sales. there can be no assurance that the ultimate charge-off amount will not exceed such estimates or that gm financial's credit loss assumptions will not increase.
valuation of gm financial equipment on operating lease assets and residuals gm financial has investments in leased vehicles recorded as operating leases, which relate to vehicle leases to retail customers with lease terms that typically range from two to five years. at lease inception an estimate is made of the expected residual value at the end of the lease term. the expected residual value is based on third-party data that considers various data points and assumptions, including, but not limited to, recent auction values, the expected future volume of returning leased vehicles, used vehicle prices, manufacturer incentive programs and fuel prices. realization of the residual values is dependent on the future ability to market the vehicles under prevailing market conditions. the customer is obligated to make payments during the lease term for the difference between the purchase price and the contract residual value plus a money factor. however, since the customer is not obligated to purchase the vehicle at the end of the contract, gm financial is exposed to a risk of loss to the extent the customer returns the vehicle prior to or at the end of the lease term and the value of the vehicle is lower than the residual value estimated at lease inception.
the following table summarizes vehicles included in gm financial equipment on operating leases, net (vehicles in thousands):
december 31, 2020                december 31, 2019
crossovers                  964                              972
trucks                      275                              288
suvs                         92                              108
cars                        140                              238
total                     1,471                            1,606
at december 31, 2020, the estimated residual value of gm financial's leased vehicles was $29.2 billion. depreciation reduces the carrying value of each leased asset in gm financial's operating lease portfolio over time from its original acquisition value to its expected residual value at the end of the lease term.
gm financial updated the residual value estimates on the operating lease portfolio to reflect the decrease in forecasted used vehicle prices in march 2020, following the onset of the covid-19 pandemic, and has continued to monitor and update the residual value estimates through december 31, 2020. used vehicle prices rebounded in the second half of 2020 after decreasing in march and april 2020, and sales proceeds on terminated leased vehicles outperformed the residual value estimates during the year ended december 31, 2020. accordingly, gm financial increased the residual value estimates at december 31, 2020, which will result in a prospective decrease in the depreciation rate over the remaining term of the leased vehicle portfolio. if used vehicle prices decrease, gm financial would increase depreciation expense and/or record an impairment charge on the lease portfolio. if an impairment exists, gm financial would determine any shortfall in recoverability of the leased vehicle asset groups by year, make and model. recoverability is calculated as the excess of: (1) the sum of remaining lease payments plus estimated residual value; over (2) leased vehicles, net less deferred revenue. alternatively, if used vehicle prices outperform gm financial's latest estimates, it may record gains on sales of off-lease vehicles and/or decreased depreciation expense.
general motors company and subsidiaries the following table illustrates the effect of a 1% relative change in the estimated residual values at december 31, 2020, which could increase or decrease depreciation expense over the remaining term of the leased vehicle portfolio, holding all other assumptions constant (dollars in millions):
impact to depreciation expense
2021                      $198
2022                        72
2023                        21
2024 and thereafter                         1
total                      $292
changes to residual values are rarely simultaneous across all maturities and segments, and also may impact return rates. if a decrease in residual values is concentrated among specific asset groups, the decrease could result in an immediate impairment charge. gm financial reviewed the leased vehicle portfolio for indicators of impairment and determined that no impairment indicators were present at december 31, 2020 and 2019.
used vehicle prices increased approximately 3% in 2020 compared to 2019, primarily due to low new vehicle inventory, largely driven by the suspension of manufacturing operations as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, creating strong demand for used vehicles. in 2021, gm financial expects used vehicle prices to decline by an amount in the low single digits on a percentage basis compared to 2020 levels as supply and demand dynamics normalize.
pension and opeb plans our defined benefit pension plans are accounted for on an actuarial basis, which requires the selection of various assumptions, including an expected long-term rate of return on plan assets, a discount rate, mortality rates of participants and expectation of mortality improvement. our pension obligations include korean statutory pension payments that are valued on a walk away basis. the expected long-term rate of return on u.s. plan assets that is utilized in determining pension expense is derived from periodic studies, which include a review of asset allocation strategies, anticipated future long-term performance of individual asset classes, risks using standard deviations and correlations of returns among the asset classes that comprise the plans' asset mix. while the studies give appropriate consideration to recent plan performance and historical returns, the assumptions are primarily long-term, prospective rates of return.
in december 2020, an investment policy study was completed for the u.s. pension plans. as a result of changes to our capital market assumptions, the weighted-average long-term rate of return on assets decreased from 5.9% at december 31, 2019 to 5.6% at december 31, 2020. the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets used in determining pension expense for non-u.s. plans is determined in a similar manner to the u.s. plans.
another key assumption in determining net pension and opeb expense is the assumed discount rate used to discount plan obligations. we estimate the assumed discount rate for u.s. plans using a cash flow matching approach, which uses projected cash flows matched to spot rates along a high quality corporate bond yield curve to determine the weighted-average discount rate for the calculation of the present value of cash flows. we apply the individual annual yield curve rates instead of the assumed discount rate to determine the service cost and interest cost, which more specifically links the cash flows related to service cost and interest cost to bonds maturing in their year of payment.
the society of actuaries (soa) issued mortality improvement tables in the three months ended december 31, 2020. we incorporated these soa mortality improvement tables into our december 31, 2020 measurement of u.s. pension and opeb plans' benefit obligations. the change in these assumptions decreased the december 31, 2020 u.s. pension and opeb plans' obligations by $0.7 billion.
significant differences in actual experience or significant changes in assumptions may materially affect the pension obligations. the effects of actual results differing from assumptions and the changing of assumptions are included in unamortized net actuarial gains and losses that are subject to amortization to pension expense over future periods. the unamortized pre-tax actuarial loss on our pension plans was $8.4 billion and $6.7 billion at december 31, 2020 and 2019. the year-over-year change is primarily due to a decrease in discount rates partially offset by higher than expected asset returns.
general motors company and subsidiaries the underfunded status of the u.s. pension plans remained unchanged in the year ended december 31, 2020 at $5.4 billion primarily due to: (1) the unfavorable effect of a decrease in discount rates of $5.6 billion; and (2) service and interest costs of $1.9 billion; partially offset by (3) a favorable effect of actual returns on plan assets of $6.6 billion; and (4) changes in mortality improvement assumptions and demographic gains of $0.9 billion.
the following table illustrates the sensitivity to a change in certain assumptions for the pension plans, holding all other assumptions constant:
u.s. plans(a)   non-u.s. plans(a)
effect on 2021 pension expense               effect on december 31, 2020 pbo        effect on 2021 pension expense                     effect on december 31, 2020 pbo
25 basis point decrease in discount rate                                   -$81               +$1,707                                -$1                                                +$669
25 basis point increase in discount rate                                  +$103               -$1,634                                +$1                                                -$634
25 basis point decrease in expected rate of return on assets                                  +$142               n/a                                    +$32                                               n/a
25 basis point increase in expected rate of return on assets                                  -$142               n/a                                    -$32                                               n/a
__________
(a)the sensitivity does not include the effects of the individual annual yield curve rates applied for the calculation of the service and interest cost.
refer to note 15 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information on pension contributions, investment strategies, assumptions, the change in benefit obligations and related plan assets, pension funding requirements and future net benefit payments. refer to note 2 to our consolidated financial statements for a discussion of the inputs used to determine fair value for each significant asset class or category.
valuation of deferred tax assets the ability to realize deferred tax assets depends on the ability to generate sufficient taxable income within the carryback or carryforward periods provided for in the tax law for each applicable tax jurisdiction. the assessment regarding whether a valuation allowance is required or should be adjusted is based on an evaluation of possible sources of taxable income and also considers all available positive and negative evidence factors. our accounting for the valuation of deferred tax assets represents our best estimate of future events. changes in our current estimates due to unanticipated market conditions and governmental legislative actions or events, could have a material effect on our ability to utilize deferred tax assets. refer to note 17 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information on the composition of valuation allowances.
forward-looking statements this report and the other reports filed by us with the sec from time to time, as well as statements incorporated by reference herein and related comments by our management, may include "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the u.s. federal securities laws. forward-looking statements are any statements other than statements of historical fact. forward-looking statements represent our current judgment about possible future events and are often identified by words like "aim," "anticipate," "appears," "approximately," "believe," "continue," "could," "designed," "effect," "estimate," "evaluate," "expect," "forecast," "goal," "initiative," "intend," "may," "objective," "outlook," "plan," "potential," "priorities," "project," "pursue," "seek," "should," "target," "when," "will," "would," or the negative of any of those words or similar expressions. in making these statements, we rely on assumptions and analysis based on our experience and perception of historical trends, current conditions and expected future developments as well as other factors we consider appropriate under the circumstances. we believe these judgments are reasonable, but these statements are not guarantees of any future events or financial results, and our actual results may differ materially due to a variety of important factors, many of which are beyond our control. these factors, which may be revised or supplemented in subsequent reports we file with the sec, include, among others, the following: (1) our ability to deliver new products, services and customer experiences in response to increased competition and changing consumer preferences in the automotive industry; (2) our ability to timely fund and introduce new and improved vehicle models, including electric vehicles, that are able to attract a sufficient number of consumers; (3) the success of our crossovers, suvs and full-size pickup trucks; (4) our highly competitive industry, which is characterized by excess manufacturing capacity and the use of incentives, and the introduction of new and improved vehicle models by our competitors; (5) our ability to deliver a broad portfolio of electric vehicles and drive increased consumer adoption; (6) the unique technological, operational, regulatory and competitive risks related to the timing and commercialization of autonomous vehicles; (7) the ongoing covid-19 pandemic; (8) global automobile market sales volume, which can be volatile; (9) our significant business in china, which is subject to unique operational, competitive, regulatory and economic risks; (10) our joint ventures, which we cannot operate solely for our benefit and over which we may have limited control; (11) the international scale and footprint of our operations, which exposes us to a variety of unique political, economic, general motors company and subsidiaries competitive and regulatory risks, including the risk of changes in government leadership and laws (including labor, tax and other laws), political instability and economic tensions between governments and changes in international trade policies, new barriers to entry and changes to or withdrawals from free trade agreements, public health crises, including the occurrence of a contagious disease or illness, such as the covid-19 pandemic, changes in foreign exchange rates and interest rates, economic downturns in the countries in which we operate, differing local product preferences and product requirements, changes to and compliance with u.s. and foreign countries' export controls and economic sanctions, differing labor regulations, requirements and union relationships, differing dealer and franchise regulations and relationships, and difficulties in obtaining financing in foreign countries; (12) any significant disruption, including any work stoppages, at any of our manufacturing facilities; (13) the ability of our suppliers to deliver parts, systems and components without disruption and at such times to allow us to meet production schedules; (14) prices of raw materials used by us and our suppliers; (15) our ability to successfully and cost-effectively restructure our operations in the u.s. and various other countries and initiate additional cost reduction actions with minimal disruption; (16) the possibility that competitors may independently develop products and services similar to ours, or that our intellectual property rights are not sufficient to prevent competitors from developing or selling those products or services; (17) our ability to manage risks related to security breaches and other disruptions to our information technology systems and networked products, including connected vehicles and in-vehicle systems; (18) our ability to comply with increasingly complex, restrictive and punitive regulations relating to our enterprise data practices, including the collection, use, sharing and security of the personal identifiable information of our customers, employees, or suppliers; (19) our ability to comply with extensive laws, regulations and policies applicable to our operations and products, including those relating to fuel economy and emissions and autonomous vehicles; (20) costs and risks associated with litigation and government investigations; (21) the costs and effect on our reputation of product safety recalls and alleged defects in products and services; (22) any additional tax expense or exposure; (23) our continued ability to develop captive financing capability through gm financial; and (24) any significant increase in our pension funding requirements. for a further discussion of these and other risks and uncertainties, refer to part i, item 1a. risk factors.
we caution readers not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and we undertake no obligation to update publicly or otherwise revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or other factors, except where we are expressly required to do so by law.
*  *  *  *  *  *  *
