item 1a. risk factors you should carefully consider the following risks. these risks could materially affect our business, results of operations or financial condition, cause the trading price of our common stock to decline materially or cause our actual results to differ materially from those expected or those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by us. these risks are not exclusive, and additional risks to which we are subject include, but are not limited to, the factors mentioned under "forward-looking statements" and the risks of our businesses described elsewhere in this annual report.
8
risk factors related to covid-19
the duration and scope of the impacts of the covid-19 pandemic are uncertain and may continue to adversely affect our operations, supply chain, distribution, and demand for certain of our products and services.
the global outbreak of covid-19 has created significant uncertainty within the global markets that we serve. we have operations, customers and suppliers in countries significantly impacted by covid-19. governmental authorities around the world have taken a variety of measures to slow the spread of covid-19, including travel bans or restrictions, increased border controls or closures, quarantines, shelter-in-place orders and business shutdowns and such authorities may impose additional restrictions in the future. we have also taken actions to protect our employees and to mitigate the spread of covid-19 within our business. there can be no assurance that the measures implemented by governmental authorities or our own actions will be effective or achieve their desired results in a timely fashion.
the impact of covid-19 on the global economy and our customers, as well as recent volatility in oil prices, has negatively impacted demand for certain of our products and is expected to continue to do so in the future. its effects could also result in disruptions to our manufacturing operations and supply chain, which could negatively impact our ability to meet customer demand. our forward-looking statements assume that our production facilities, supply chain and distribution partners continue to operate during the pandemic. to date, we have been able to operate the majority of our facilities given our status as an essential operation. if we were to encounter a significant work stoppage, disruption, or outbreak due to covid-19 at one or more of our locations or suppliers, we may not be able to satisfy customer demand for a period of time.
furthermore, the impact of covid-19 on the economy, demand for our products and impacts to our operations, including the measures taken by governmental authorities to address it, may precipitate or exacerbate other risks and/or uncertainties, including specifically many of the risk factors set forth in this annual report, including risks related to the fair market value of intangible assets that could lead to an impairment, which may have a significant impact on the company's operating results and financial condition, although we are unable to predict the extent or nature of these impacts at this time.
risk factors related to our business and industry demand for the majority of our products is significantly affected by unpredictable power outage activity that can lead to substantial variations in, and uncertainties regarding, our financial results from period to period.
sales of our products are subject to consumer buying patterns, and demand for the majority of our products is affected by power outage events caused by thunderstorms, hurricanes, ice storms, blackouts, public safety power shutoffs, and other power grid reliability issues. the impact of these outage events on our sales can vary depending on the location, frequency and severity of the outages. sustained periods without major power disruptions can lead to reduced consumer awareness of the benefits of standby and portable generator products and can result in reduced sales growth rates and excess inventory. there are smaller, more localized power outages that occur frequently that drive a baseline level of demand for back-up power solutions. the lack of major power outage events and fluctuations to the baseline levels of power outage activity are part of managing our business, and these fluctuations could have an adverse effect on our net sales and profits. despite their unpredictable nature, we believe power disruptions create awareness and accelerate adoption for our home standby products.
demand for our products is significantly affected by durable goods spending by consumers and businesses, and other macroeconomic conditions.
our business is affected by general economic conditions, and uncertainty or adverse changes such as the prolonged downturn in u.s. residential investment and the impact of more stringent credit standards could lead to a decline in demand for our products and pressure to reduce our prices. our sales of light-commercial and industrial generators are affected by conditions in the non-residential construction sector and by the capital investment trends for small and large businesses and municipalities. if these businesses and municipalities cannot access credit markets or do not utilize discretionary funds to purchase our products as a result of the economy or other factors, our business could suffer and our ability to realize benefits from our strategy of increasing sales in the light-commercial and industrial sectors through, among other things, our focus on innovation and product development, including natural gas engine and modular technology, could be adversely affected. in addition, consumer confidence and home remodeling expenditures have a significant impact on sales of our residential products, and prolonged periods of weakness in consumer durable goods spending could have a material impact on our business. typically, we do not have contracts with our customers which call for committed volume, and we cannot guarantee that our current customers will continue to purchase our products at the same level, if at all. if general economic conditions or consumer confidence were to worsen, or if the non-residential construction sector or rate of capital investments were to decline, our net sales and profits would likely be adversely affected. additionally, timing of capital spending by our national account customers can vary from quarter-to-quarter based on capital availability and internal capital spending budgets. also, the availability of renewable energy mandates and investment tax credits and other subsidies can have an impact on the demand for energy storage systems.
decreases in the availability and quality, or increases in the cost, of raw materials, key components and labor we use to make our products could materially reduce our earnings.
the principal raw materials that we use to produce our products are steel, copper and aluminum. we also source a significant number of component parts from third parties that we utilize to manufacture our products. the prices of those raw materials and components are susceptible to significant fluctuations due to trends in supply and demand, commodity prices, currencies, transportation costs, government regulations and tariffs, price controls, economic conditions and other unforeseen circumstances beyond our control. we do not have long-term supply contracts in place to ensure the raw materials and components we use are available in necessary amounts or at fixed prices. if we are unable to mitigate raw material or component price increases through product design improvements, price increases to our customers, manufacturing productivity improvements, or hedging transactions, our profitability could be adversely affected. also, our ability to continue to obtain quality materials and components is subject to the continued reliability and viability of our suppliers, including in some cases, suppliers who are the sole source of certain important components. if we are unable to obtain adequate, cost efficient or timely deliveries of required raw materials and components, or sufficient labor resources while we ramp up production to meet higher levels of demand, we may be unable to manufacture sufficient quantities of products on a timely basis. this could cause us to lose sales, incur additional costs, delay new product introductions or suffer harm to our reputation.
9
the industry in which we compete is highly competitive, and our failure to compete successfully could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
we operate in markets that are highly competitive. some of our competitors have established brands and are larger in size or are divisions of large diversified companies which have substantially greater financial resources than we do. some of our competitors may be willing to reduce prices and accept lower margins in order to compete with us. in addition, we could face new competition from large international or domestic companies with established industrial brands that enter our end markets. demand for our products may also be affected by our ability to respond to changes in design and functionality, to respond to downward pricing pressure, and to provide shorter lead times for our products than our competitors. if we are unable to respond successfully to these competitive pressures, we could lose market share, which could have an adverse impact on our results. for further information, see "item 1-business-competition".
our industry is subject to technological change, and our failure to continue developing new and improved products and to bring these products rapidly to market could have an adverse impact on our business.
new products, or refinements and improvements to our existing products, may have technical failures, delayed introductions, higher than expected production costs or may not be well accepted by our customers. if we are not able to anticipate, identify, develop and market high quality products in line with technological advancements that respond to changes in customer preferences, demand for our products could decline and our operating results could be adversely affected.
we rely on independent dealers and distribution partners, and the loss of these dealers and distribution partners, or of any of our sales arrangements with significant private label, national, retail or equipment rental customers, would adversely affect our business.
in addition to our direct sales force and manufacturer sales representatives, we depend on the services of independent distributors and dealers to sell our products and provide service and aftermarket support to our end customers. we also rely upon our distribution channels to drive awareness for our product categories and our brands. in addition, we sell our products to end users through private label arrangements with leading home equipment, electrical equipment and construction machinery companies; arrangements with top retailers and equipment rental companies; and our direct national accounts with telecommunications and industrial customers. our distribution agreements and any contracts we have with large national, retail and other customers are typically not exclusive, and many of the distributors with whom we do business offer competitors' products and services. impairment of our relationships with our distributors, dealers or large customers, loss of a substantial number of these distributors or dealers or of one or more large customers, or an increase in our distributors' or dealers' sales of our competitors' products to our customers or of our large customers' purchases of our competitors' products could materially reduce our sales and profits. also, our ability to successfully realize our growth strategy is dependent in part on our ability to identify, attract and retain new distributors at all layers of our distribution platform, including increasing the number of energy storage distributors, and we cannot be certain that we will be successful in these efforts. for further information, see "item 1-business-distribution channels and customers".
our business could be negatively impacted if we fail to adequately protect our intellectual property rights or if third parties claim that we are in violation of their intellectual property rights.
we consider our intellectual property rights to be important assets, and seek to protect them through a combination of patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret laws, as well as licensing and confidentiality agreements. these protections may not be adequate to prevent third parties from using our intellectual property without our authorization, breaching any confidentiality agreements with us, copying or reverse engineering our products, or developing and marketing products that are substantially equivalent to or superior to our own. the unauthorized use of our intellectual property by others could reduce our competitive advantage and harm our business. not only are intellectual property-related proceedings burdensome and costly, but they could span years to resolve and we might not ultimately prevail. we cannot guarantee that any patents, issued or pending, will provide us with any competitive advantage or will not be challenged by third parties. moreover, the expiration of our patents may lead to increased competition with respect to certain products.
in addition, we cannot be certain that we do not or will not infringe third parties' intellectual property rights. any such claim, even if it is without merit, may be expensive and time-consuming to defend, subject us to damages, cause us to cease making, using or selling certain products that incorporate the disputed intellectual property, require us to redesign our products, divert management time and attention, and/or require us to enter into costly royalty or licensing arrangements.
we may incur costs and liabilities as a result of product liability claims.
we face a risk of exposure to product liability claims in the event that the use of our products is alleged to have resulted in injury or other damage. although we currently maintain product liability insurance coverage, we may not be able to obtain such insurance on acceptable terms in the future, if at all, or obtain insurance that will provide adequate coverage against potential claims. product liability claims can be expensive to defend and can divert the attention of management and other personnel for long periods of time, regardless of the ultimate outcome. a significant unsuccessful product liability defense could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. in addition, we believe our business depends on the strong brand reputation we have developed. if our reputation is damaged, we may face difficulty in maintaining our market share and pricing with respect to some of our products, which could reduce our sales and profitability.
10
we are unable to determine the specific impact of changes in selling prices or changes in volumes or mix of our products on our net sales.
because of the wide range of products that we sell, the level of customization for many of our products, the frequent rollout of new products, the different accounting systems utilized, and the fact that we do not apply pricing changes uniformly across our entire portfolio of products, we are unable to determine with specificity the effect of volume or mix changes or changes in selling prices on our net sales.
policy changes affecting international trade could adversely impact the demand for our products and our competitive position.
changes in government policies on foreign trade and investment can affect the demand for our products, impact the competitive position of our products or prevent us from being able to sell products in certain countries. our business benefits from free trade agreements, and efforts to withdraw from, or substantially modify such agreements, in addition to the implementation of more restrictive trade policies, such as more detailed inspections, higher tariffs, import or export licensing requirements, exchange controls or new barriers to entry, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. for example, starting in 2018 and continuing, we are experiencing increased tariffs on many of our products and product components, although these tariffs did not ultimately have a material adverse effect on our results due to the implementation of various mitigation efforts and temporary exclusions in conjunction with our supply chain and end market partners.
additionally, the united kingdom's exit from european union (eu) membership has caused and may continue to cause significant volatility in global stock markets, currency exchange rate fluctuations and global economic uncertainty. although it is unknown what the terms of the united kingdom's future relationship with the eu will be, it is possible that there will be greater restrictions on imports and exports between the united kingdom and eu and increased regulatory complexities. any of these factors could adversely impact customer demand, our relationships with customers and suppliers and our results of operations.
risk factors related to our operations the loss of any key members of our senior management team or key employees could disrupt our operations and harm our business.
our success depends, in part, on the efforts of certain key individuals, including the members of our senior management team, who have significant experience in the power products industry. if, for any reason, our senior executives do not continue to be active in management, or if our key employees leave our company, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affected. failure to continue to attract these individuals at reasonable compensation levels could have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity and results of operations. although we do not anticipate that we will have to replace any of these individuals in the near future, the loss of the services of any of our key employees could disrupt our operations and have a material adverse effect on our business.
disruptions caused by labor disputes or organized labor activities could harm our business.
we may from time to time experience union organizing activities in our non-union facilities. disputes with the current labor union or new union organizing activities could lead to work slowdowns or stoppages and make it difficult or impossible for us to meet scheduled delivery times for product shipments to our customers, which could result in loss of business. in addition, union activity could result in higher labor costs, which could harm our financial condition, results of operations and competitive position. a work stoppage or limitations on production at our facilities for any reason could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. in addition, many of our suppliers have unionized work forces. strikes or work stoppages experienced by our customers or suppliers could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
11
we may experience material disruptions to our manufacturing operations.
while we seek to operate our facilities in compliance with applicable rules and regulations and take measures to minimize the risks of disruption at our facilities, a material disruption at one of our manufacturing facilities could prevent us from meeting customer demand, reduce our sales and/or negatively impact our financial results. any of our manufacturing facilities, or any of our equipment within an otherwise operational facility, could cease operations unexpectedly due to a number of events, including:
●   equipment or information technology infrastructure failure;

●   disruptions in the transportation infrastructure including roads, bridges, railroad tracks and container ports;

●   fires, floods, tornadoes, earthquakes, disease, pandemics, acts of violence, or other catastrophes; and

●   other operational problems.

in addition, a significant portion of our manufacturing and production facilities are located in wisconsin within a 100-mile radius of each other. we could experience prolonged periods of reduced production due to unforeseen events occurring in or around our manufacturing facilities in wisconsin. in the event of a business interruption at our facilities, in particular our wisconsin facilities, we may be unable to shift manufacturing capabilities to alternate locations, accept materials from suppliers or meet customer shipment needs, among other severe consequences. such an event could have a material and adverse impact on our financial condition and results of our operations.
we are vulnerable to supply disruptions from single-sourced suppliers.
we single-source certain types of parts in our product designs. any delay in our suppliers' deliveries may impair our ability to deliver products to our customers. a wide variety of factors could cause such delays including, but not limited to, lack of capacity, economic downturns, availability of credit, logistical challenges, trade restrictions, weather events, disease or natural disasters.
we may not realize all of the anticipated benefits of our acquisitions or those benefits may take longer to realize than expected. we may also encounter significant unexpected difficulties in integrating acquired businesses.
our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of our acquisitions will depend, to a large extent, on our ability to integrate the acquired businesses with our business. the integration of independent businesses is a complex, costly and time-consuming process. further, integrating and managing businesses with international operations may pose challenges not previously experienced by our management. as a result, we may be required to devote significant management attention and resources to integrating the business practices and operations of any acquired businesses with ours. the integration process may disrupt our business and, if implemented ineffectively, could preclude realization of the full benefits expected by us. our failure to meet the challenges involved in integrating an acquired business into our existing operations or otherwise to realize the anticipated benefits of the transaction could cause an interruption of, or a loss of momentum in, our activities and could adversely affect our results of operations.
in addition, the overall integration of our acquired businesses may result in material unanticipated problems, expenses, liabilities, competitive responses, loss of customer relationships, and diversion of management's attention, and may cause our stock price to decline. the difficulties of combining the operations of acquired businesses with ours include, among others:
●   managing a larger company;

●   maintaining employee morale and retaining key management and other employees;

●   complying with newly applicable foreign regulations;

●   integrating two business cultures, which may prove to be incompatible;

●   the possibility of faulty assumptions underlying expectations regarding the integration process;

●   retaining existing customers and attracting new customers;

●   consolidating corporate and administrative infrastructures and eliminating duplicative operations;

●   the diversion of management's attention from ongoing business concerns and performance shortfalls as a result of the diversion of management's attention to the acquisition;

●   unanticipated issues in integrating information technology, communications and other systems;

●   unanticipated changes in applicable laws and regulations;

●   managing tax costs or inefficiencies associated with integrating the operations of the combined company;

●   unforeseen expenses or delays associated with the acquisition;

●   difficulty comparing financial reports due to differing financial and/or internal reporting systems; and

●   making any necessary modifications to internal financial control standards to comply with the sarbanes-oxley act of 2002 and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

many of these factors will be outside of our control and any one of them could result in increased costs, decreases in the amount of expected revenues and diversion of management's time and energy, which could materially impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. in addition, even if the operations of our acquired businesses are integrated successfully with our operations, we may not realize the full benefits of the transaction, including the synergies, cost savings or sales or growth opportunities that we expect. these benefits may not be achieved within the anticipated time frame, or at all. or, additional unanticipated costs may be incurred in the integration of our businesses. all of these factors could cause dilution to our earnings per share, decrease or delay the expected accretive effect of the acquisition, and cause a decrease in the price of our common stock. as a result, we cannot assure you that the combination of our acquisitions with our business will result in the realization of the full benefits anticipated from the transaction.
12
a significant portion of our purchased components are sourced in foreign countries, exposing us to additional risks that may not exist in the united states.
we source a significant portion of our purchased components overseas, primarily in asia and europe. our international sourcing subjects us to a number of potential risks in addition to the risks associated with third-party sourcing generally. such risks include:
●   inflation or changes in political and economic conditions;

●   unstable regulatory environments;

●   changes in import and export duties;

●   domestic and foreign customs and tariffs;

●   currency rate fluctuations;

●   trade restrictions;

●   labor unrest;

●   logistical challenges, including extended container port congestion, and higher logistics costs;

●   communications challenges; and

●   other restraints and burdensome taxes.

these factors may have an adverse effect on our ability to efficiently and cost effectively source our purchased components overseas. in particular, if the u.s. dollar were to depreciate significantly against the currencies in which we purchase raw materials from foreign suppliers, our cost of goods sold could increase materially, which would adversely affect our results of operations.
risk factors related to legal and regulatory matters as a u.s. corporation that conducts business in a variety of foreign countries, we are subject to the foreign corrupt practices act and a variety of anti-corruption laws worldwide. a determination that we violated any of these laws may affect our business and operations adversely.
the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act (fcpa) generally prohibits u.s. companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to foreign officials for the purpose of obtaining or keeping business. the united kingdom bribery act (ukba) prohibits domestic and foreign bribery of the private sector as well as public officials. any determination that we have violated any anti-corruption laws could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, operating results and cash flows.
our operations are subject to various environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, and non-compliance with or liabilities under such laws and regulations could result in substantial costs, fines, sanctions and claims.
our operations are subject to a variety of foreign, federal, state and local environmental, health and safety laws and regulations including those governing, among other things, emissions to air; discharges to water; noise; and the generation, handling, storage, transportation, treatment and disposal of waste and other materials. in addition, under federal and state environmental laws, we could be required to investigate, remediate and/or monitor the effects of the release or disposal of materials both at sites associated with past and present operations and at third-party sites where wastes generated by our operations were disposed. this liability may be imposed retroactively and whether or not we caused, or had any knowledge of, the existence of these materials and may result in our paying more than our fair share of the related costs. we could also be subject to a recall action by regulatory authorities. violations of or liabilities under such laws and regulations could result in substantial costs, fines and civil or criminal proceedings or personal injury and workers' compensation claims.
our products are subject to substantial government regulation.
our products are subject to extensive statutory and regulatory requirements governing, among other things, emissions, noise, labeling, transport, product content, and data privacy, including standards imposed by the epa, carb and other regulatory agencies around the world. also, as we increase our connectivity with our products and customers, we may be required to comply with additional data privacy and cybersecurity regulations. these laws are constantly evolving and many are becoming increasingly stringent. changes in applicable laws or regulations, or in the enforcement thereof, could require us to redesign our products and could adversely affect our business or financial condition in the future. developing and marketing products to meet such new requirements could result in substantial additional costs that may be difficult to recover in some markets. in some cases, we may be required to modify our products or develop new products to comply with new regulations, particularly those relating to air emissions and carbon monoxide. typically, additional costs associated with significant compliance modifications are passed on to the market. while we have been able to meet previous deadlines and requirements, failure to comply with other existing and future regulatory standards could adversely affect our position in the markets we serve.
13
risk factors related to cybersecurity failures or security breaches of our networks or information technology systems could have an adverse effect on our business.
we rely heavily on information technology (it) both in our products and services for customers and in our it systems used to run our business. further, we collect and store sensitive information in our data centers and on our networks. government agencies and security experts have warned about growing risks of hackers, cyber-criminals, malicious insiders and other actors targeting confidential information and all types of it systems. these actors may engage in fraudulent activities, theft of confidential or proprietary information and sabotage or ransomware.
our it systems, our connected products, and our confidential information may be vulnerable to damage or intrusion from a variety of attacks including computer viruses, worms or other malicious software programs. the risk of such attacks may increase as we integrate newly acquired companies or develop new connected products and related software. these attacks pose a risk to the security of our products, systems and networks and those of our customers, suppliers and third-party service providers, as well as to the confidentiality of our information and the integrity and availability of our data. while we attempt to mitigate these risks through board oversight, controls, due diligence, employee training and communication, third party intrusion testing, system hardening, email and web filters, regular patching, surveillance, encryption, and other measures, we remain vulnerable to information security threats.
despite the precautions we take, an intrusion or infection of our systems or connected products could result in the disruption of our business, or a loss of proprietary or confidential information. similarly, an attack on our it systems or connected products could result in theft or disclosure of trade secrets or other intellectual property, a breach of confidential customer or employee information, or product failure or misuse. any such events could have an adverse impact on sales, harm our reputation and cause us to incur legal liability and increased costs to address such events and related security concerns. as the threats evolve and become more potent, we may incur additional costs to secure the products that we sell, as well as our data and infrastructure of networks and devices.
risk factors related to our capital structure we have indebtedness which could adversely affect our cash flow and our ability to make payments on our indebtedness.
as of december 31, 2020 we had total indebtedness of $885.2 million. our level of indebtedness increases the possibility that we may be unable to generate cash sufficient to pay, when due, the principal of, interest on or other amounts due in respect of our indebtedness. while we maintain interest rate swaps covering a portion of our outstanding debt, our interest expense could increase if interest rates increase because debt under our credit facilities bears interest at a variable rate based on libor or other base rate. in connection with our term loan amendment in december 2019, language was added to the agreement to include a benchmark replacement rate, selected by the administrative agent and the borrower, as a replacement to libor that would take affect at the time libor ceases. the company plans to work with its lenders in the near future to amend other libor based debt agreements to add a replacement rate should the use of libor cease. if we do not have sufficient earnings to service our debt, we may be required to refinance all or part of our existing debt, sell assets, borrow more money or sell securities, none of which we can guarantee we will be able to do.
the terms of our credit facilities restrict our current and future operations, particularly our ability to respond to changes in our business or to take certain actions.
our credit facilities contain, and any future indebtedness of ours or our subsidiaries would likely contain, a number of restrictive covenants that impose operating and financial restrictions on us and our subsidiaries, including limitations on our ability to engage in acts that may be in our best long-term interests. these restrictions set limitations on, among other things, our ability to:
●   incur liens;

●   incur or assume additional debt or guarantees or issue preferred stock;

●   pay dividends, or make redemptions and repurchases, with respect to capital stock;

●   prepay, or make redemptions and repurchases of, subordinated debt;

●   make loans and investments;

●   make capital expenditures;

●   engage in mergers, acquisitions, asset sales, sale/leaseback transactions and transactions with affiliates;

●   change the business conducted by us or our subsidiaries; and

●   amend the terms of subordinated debt.

the operating and financial restrictions in our credit facilities and any future financing agreements may adversely affect our ability to finance future operations or capital needs or to engage in other business activities. a breach of any of the restrictive covenants in our credit facilities would result in a default. if any such default occurs, the lenders under our credit facilities may elect to declare all outstanding borrowings, together with accrued interest and other fees, to be immediately due and payable, or enforce their security interest, any of which would result in an event of default. the lenders will also have the right in these circumstances to terminate any commitments they have to provide further borrowings. our existing credit facilities do not contain any financial maintenance covenants.
14
we may need additional capital to finance our growth strategy or to refinance our existing credit facilities, and we may not be able to obtain it on acceptable terms, or at all, which may limit our ability to grow.
we may require additional financing to expand our business. financing may not be available to us or may be available to us only on terms that are not favorable. the terms of our senior secured credit facilities limit our ability to incur additional debt. in addition, economic conditions, including a downturn in the credit markets, could impact our ability to finance our growth on acceptable terms or at all. if we are unable to raise additional funds or obtain capital on acceptable terms, we may have to delay, modify or abandon some or all of our growth strategies. in the future, if we are unable to refinance our credit facilities on acceptable terms, our liquidity could be adversely affected.
our total assets include goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangibles. if we determine these have become impaired, our net income could be materially adversely affected.
goodwill represents the excess of cost over the fair market value of net assets acquired in business combinations. indefinite-lived intangibles are comprised of certain tradenames. at december 31, 2020, goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangibles totaled $983.6 million. we review goodwill and other intangibles at least annually for impairment and any excess in carrying value over the estimated fair value is charged to the statement of comprehensive income. future impairment may result from, among other things, deterioration in the performance of an acquired business or product line, adverse market conditions and changes in the competitive landscape, adverse changes in applicable laws or regulations, including changes that restrict the activities of an acquired business or product line, and a variety of other circumstances including any of the risk factors noted above. a reduction in net income resulting from the write-down or impairment of goodwill or indefinite-lived intangibles could have a material adverse effect on our financial statements. refer to the critical accounting policies in item 7 of this annual report on form 10-k for further information regarding the company's process for evaluating its goodwill for impairment.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read together with "item 1 - business," the consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k. this discussion contains forward-looking statements, based on current expectations and related to future events and our future financial performance, that involve risks and uncertainties. our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including those set forth under "item 1a - risk factors."
overview we are a leading global designer and manufacturer of a wide range of energy technology solutions. the company provides power generation equipment, energy storage systems, grid services solutions, and other power products serving the residential, light commercial and industrial markets.
power generation and storage is a key focus of the company, which differentiates us from our competitors who also have broad operations outside of the power equipment market. as the only significant market participant with a primary focus on these products, we maintain one of the leading market positions in the power equipment market in north america and an expanding presence internationally. we believe we have one of the widest ranges of products in the marketplace, including residential, commercial and industrial standby generators; as well as portable and mobile generators used in a variety of applications. a key strategic focus for the company in recent years has been leveraging our leading position in the growing market for cleaner burning, more cost-effective natural gas fueled generators to expand into applications beyond standby power, allowing us to participate in distributed generation projects. the company in recent years has been evolving its business model to also focus on clean energy products, solutions, and services. in 2019, we began providing energy storage systems as a clean energy solution for residential use that capture and store electricity from solar panels or other power sources and help reduce home energy costs while also protecting homes from shorter-duration power outages. during 2020, we entered the market for grid services involving distributed energy optimization and control software that helps support the operational stability of the world's power grids. we have also been focused on connecting the equipment we manufacture to the users of that equipment, helping to drive additional value to our customers and our distribution partners over the product lifecycle. the strategic focus on expanding the connectivity of our products will broaden our monitoring capabilities and also enable the increasing utilization of this equipment as distributed energy resources as the nascent market for grid-services expands over the next several years. overall, as the traditional centralized utility model evolves over time, we believe that a cleaner, more decentralized grid infrastructure will build-out, and generac's energy technology solutions are strategically positioned to participate in this future "grid 2.0".
in addition to power generation and storage solutions, other products that we design and manufacture include light towers which provide temporary lighting for various end markets, and a broad and growing product line of outdoor power equipment for residential and commercial use.
18
impact of covid-19 on our business the global outbreak of covid-19 was declared a pandemic by the world health organization in march 2020 and has negatively affected the global economy, disrupted global supply chains and created significant market volatility and uncertainty. our management team has been very proactive in addressing the impact of covid-19 on our business. the situation continues to evolve, and we are working to ensure employee safety, monitor customer demand, proactively address supply chain or production challenges, and support our communities during this challenging time. we manufacture and provide essential products and services to a variety of critical infrastructure customers around the globe, and as a result, substantially all of our operations and production activities have, to-date, been operational. we have implemented changes in our work practices, maintaining a safe working environment for production and office employees at our facilities, while enabling other employees to productively work from home.
the further extent of the impact of covid-19 on our business is dependent on future developments, including the duration of the pandemic, our ability to operate during the pandemic, actions taken by domestic and foreign governments to contain the spread of the virus, and the related length of its impact on the global economy and our customers.
demand the covid-19 pandemic has created significant uncertainty within various global markets that we serve. several areas of our business have been and may continue to be negatively impacted, in particular our commercial and industrial (c&i) products around the world. the decline in oil prices has impacted our c&i mobile products demand significantly as national rental customers are deferring their capital spending. c&i stationary product shipments through our north american distributor channel and our telecom customers have slowed during 2020 due to declines in quoting activity. additionally, the covid-19 pandemic has caused a broad-based sharp drop in global demand for our c&i products in our international segment, which magnified the slower economic growth and geopolitical headwinds that were already being experienced by our international business. given the magnitude of the downturn in demand for c&i products, we initiated a number of meaningful cost-cutting actions for this part of our business during the second quarter of 2020 to better align our cost structure with customer demand. we are continuing to monitor these negative impacts on our c&i product demand closely and may implement additional measures in response.
with regard to our residential products, historical experience and our current year results have shown that demand for residential products can decouple from broader economic trends as these products are largely driven by power outages. the aging and underinvested electrical grid in the u.s. continues to be more vulnerable to elevated power outages across the country. as the vast majority of u.s. citizens are spending much more time at home due to the pandemic, it is becoming more essential to have a backup power strategy, especially as homeowners are doing more critical activities like working and learning from home. in addition, with california emerging as a major market for back-up power and our entrance into clean energy, these incremental growth drivers have helped to more than offset the impact of lower consumer spending due to covid-19.
supply chain and operations as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, governmental authorities have implemented and are continuing to implement numerous and constantly evolving measures to try to contain the virus, such as travel bans and restrictions, limits on gatherings, quarantines, and business shutdowns. while we are deemed an essential, critical infrastructure business and our facilities currently remain operational, this continues to be a fluid process and subject to change. we have experienced and may continue to experience increased employee absences at several of our production facilities. if we were to encounter a significant work stoppage, disruption, or covid-19 outbreak at one or more of our locations or suppliers, we may not be able to satisfy customer demand for a period of time.
the covid-19 pandemic has disrupted the global supply chain and we are continually monitoring scheduled material receipts to mitigate any delays. to date, we have not experienced significant impacts or interruptions to our supply chain as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, but this could be subject to change if one or more of our suppliers can no longer operate in this environment. we have maintained business continuity by utilizing safety stock inventory levels and executing air freight strategies. the covid-19 pandemic has also impacted the global logistics network. although we have experienced inbound and outbound logistics delays and increased costs in moving shipments across several regions, the impact to our business thus far has not been significant. this could change if freight carriers are delayed or not able to operate.
liquidity although the covid-19 outbreak has created uncertain market conditions, we believe our business model, current cash balance, projected cash flow generation, and availability under our abl credit facility provide us with a strong balance sheet and liquidity position. this financial strength allows us, notwithstanding unforeseen impacts of the current covid-19 pandemic, to remain focused on our strategic plan and provides the flexibility to continue to invest in future growth opportunities.
19
business drivers and operational factors in operating our business and monitoring its performance, we pay attention to a number of business drivers and trends as well as operational factors. the statements in this section are based on our current expectations.
business drivers and trends our performance is affected by the demand for reliable power generation products, energy storage systems, grid services solutions, and other power products by our customer base. this demand is influenced by several important drivers and trends affecting our industry, including the following:
key mega-trends:  there are some important mega-trends that we believe represent major themes that will drive significant secular growth opportunities across our business over the long term. "grid 2.0", which is the evolution of the traditional electrical utility model, includes the decentralization and de-carbonization of the grid and a migration toward distributed energy resources that is expected to drive demand for a variety of clean energy and grid services solutions going forward.  attitudes around global warming and climate change are shifting, which includes the expectation of more severe weather driving increased power outage activity.  natural gas is expected to be a key fuel of the future with the abundance of supply globally leading to increasing demand for natural gas generators in applications beyond standby power.  the legacy infrastructure is in need of a major investment cycle to rebuild and upgrade aging networks and systems including transportation, water and power.  the wireless telecommunications infrastructure is shifting to the next generation "5g" architecture, which will enable new technologies requiring significant improvement in network uptime through backup power solutions.
the onset of the covid-19 pandemic in early 2020 has led to a new and emerging mega-trend that we refer to as "home as a sanctuary," where millions of people are working, learning, shopping, entertaining, and in general, spending more time at home.  as working adults spend much more time working from home and school-age children learning from home, they become more sensitive to power outages due to lost productivity.  these trends combined with ongoing elevated power outage activity has led to a significant increased awareness, importance and need for backup power security.  as a result of spending more time at home, homeowners are also investing more into home improvement projects and outdoor project activity, which is leading to increased and broad-based demand for home standby generators as well as chore products used in a variety of property maintenance applications.
increasing penetration opportunity.    many potential customers are still not aware of the costs and benefits of automatic backup power solutions. we estimate that penetration rates for home standby generators are still only approximately 5.0% of the addressable market of homes in the united states. the decision to purchase backup power for many light-commercial buildings such as convenience stores, restaurants and gas stations is more return-on-investment driven and, as a result, these applications have relatively lower penetration rates as compared to buildings used in code-driven or mission critical applications such as hospitals, wastewater treatment facilities, 911 call centers, data centers and certain industrial locations. the emergence of lower cost, cleaner burning natural gas fueled generators has helped to increase the penetration of standby generators over the past decade in the light-commercial market. in addition, the installed base of backup power for telecommunications infrastructure is still increasing due to a variety of factors, including the impending rollout of next-generation 5g wireless networks enabling new technologies and the growing importance for critical communications being transmitted over wireless networks. we believe by expanding our distribution network, continuing to develop our product lines, and targeting our marketing efforts, we can continue to build awareness and increase penetration for our standby generators for residential, commercial and industrial purposes.
effect of large scale and baseline power disruptions.    power disruptions are an important driver of customer awareness for back-up power and have historically influenced demand for generators, both in the united states and internationally. increased frequency and duration of major power outage events, that have a broader impact beyond a localized level, increases product awareness and may drive consumers to accelerate their purchase of a standby or portable generator during the immediate and subsequent period, which we believe may last for six to twelve months following a major power outage event for standby generators. for example, there have been a number of major outage events that occurred over the past decade that drove strong demand for portable and home standby generators, and the increased awareness of these products contributed to strong revenue growth in both the year they occurred along with the following subsequent year. major power disruptions are unpredictable by nature and, as a result, our sales levels and profitability may fluctuate from period to period. in addition, there are smaller, more localized power outages that occur frequently across the united states that drive the baseline level of demand for back-up power solutions. the level of baseline power outage activity occurring across the united states can also fluctuate, and may cause our financial results to fluctuate from year to year.
energy storage and monitoring markets developing quickly.    during 2019, we entered the rapidly developing energy storage, monitoring and management markets with the acquisitions of pika energy and neurio technologies, along with the subsequent introduction of complete energy storage systems - marketed under the names pwrcelltm and pwrviewtm. we believe the electric utility landscape will undergo significant changes in the decade ahead as a result of rising utility rates, grid instability and power quality issues, environmental concerns, and the continuing performance and cost improvements in renewable energy and batteries. on-site power generation from solar, wind, geothermal, and natural gas generators is projected to become more prevalent as will the need to monitor, manage, and store this power - potentially developing into a significant market opportunity. the capabilities provided by pika and neurio have enabled us to bring an efficient and intelligent energy-savings solution to the energy storage and monitoring markets, which enabled us to quickly ramp shipments for these clean energy solutions during 2020, and we believe will position generac as a key participant going forward. although different from the emergency backup power space, we believe this market will develop similarly as the home standby generator market has over the past two decades given both products can provide power resiliency to homeowners. we expect to further advance our growing capabilities for energy storage systems including product development, sourcing, distribution, and marketing, as we leverage our significant competencies in the residential standby generator market to accelerate our market position in the emerging residential energy storage, monitoring and management markets.
california market for backup power increasing.  over the past two years, utilities in the state of california have executed a number of public safety power shutoff (psps) events in large portions of their service areas. these events were pro-active measures to prevent their equipment from potentially causing catastrophic wildfires during the dry and windy season of the year. the occurrence of these events, along with the utilities warning these actions could continue in the future as they upgrade their transmission and distribution infrastructure, have resulted in significant awareness and increased demand for our generators in california, where penetration rates of home standby generators still stand at only approximately 1%. we have a significant focus on expanding distribution in california and are working together with local regulators, inspectors, and gas utilities to increase their bandwidth and sense of urgency around approving and providing the infrastructure necessary for home standby and other backup power products. our efforts in this part of the country will also be helpful in developing the market for energy storage and monitoring where the installed base of solar and other renewable sources of electricity are some of the highest in the u.s., and the regulatory environment is increasingly mandating renewable energy on new construction applications.
20
impact of residential investment cycle. the market for residential generators and energy storage systems is also affected by the residential investment cycle and overall consumer confidence and sentiment. when homeowners are confident of their household income, the value of their home and overall net worth, they are more likely to invest in their home. these trends can have an impact on demand for residential generators and energy storage systems. trends in the new housing market, highlighted by residential housing starts, can also impact demand for these products. demand for outdoor power equipment is also impacted by several of these factors, as well as weather precipitation patterns. finally, the existence of renewable energy mandates and investment tax credits and other subsidies can also have an impact on the demand for energy storage systems.
impact of business capital investment and other economic cycles.  the global market for our commercial and industrial products is affected by different capital investment cycles, which can vary across the numerous regions around the world in which we participate. these markets include non-residential building construction, durable goods and infrastructure spending, as well as investments in the exploration and production of oil & gas, as businesses or organizations either add new locations or make investments to upgrade existing locations or equipment. these trends can have a material impact on demand for these products. the capital investment cycle may differ for the various commercial and industrial end markets that we serve including light commercial, retail, office, telecommunications, industrial, data centers, healthcare, construction, oil & gas and municipal infrastructure, among others. the market for these products is also affected by general economic and geopolitical conditions as well as credit availability in the geographic regions that we serve.
factors affecting results of operations we are subject to various factors that can affect our results of operations, which we attempt to mitigate through factors we can control, including continued product development, expanded distribution, pricing, cost control and hedging. certain operational and other factors that affect our business include the following:
effect of commodity, currency and component price fluctuations.    industry-wide price fluctuations of key commodities, such as steel, copper and aluminum, along with other components we use in our products, as well as changes in labor costs required to produce our products, can have a material impact on our results of operations. acquisitions in recent years have further expanded our commercial and operational presence outside of the united states. these international acquisitions, along with our existing global supply chain, expose us to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and regulatory tariffs that can also have a material impact on our results of operations.
we have historically attempted to mitigate the impact of any inflationary pressures through improved product design and sourcing, manufacturing efficiencies, price increases and select hedging transactions. our results are also influenced by changes in fuel prices in the form of freight rates, which in some cases are accepted by our customers and in other cases are paid by us.
seasonality.    although there is demand for our products throughout the year, in each of the past five years, approximately 19% to 21% of our net sales occurred in the first quarter, 22% to 25% in the second quarter, 26% to 28% in the third quarter and 27% to 31% in the fourth quarter, with different seasonality depending primarily on the occurrence, timing and severity of major power outage activity in each year. major outage activity is unpredictable by nature and, as a result, our sales levels and profitability may fluctuate from period to period. the seasonality experienced during a major power outage, and for the subsequent quarters following the event, will vary relative to other periods where no major outage events occurred.
during 2020, elevated power outage activity and the emergence of the "home as a sanctuary" trend driven by the covid-19 pandemic led to a significant increase in demand for home standby generators.  this increased demand has resulted in extended lead times for these products as of december 31, 2020, and as a result, our net sales during 2021 are expected to be more level-loaded throughout the year relative to historical seasonal patterns.
factors influencing interest expense.  interest expense can be impacted by a variety of factors, including market fluctuations in libor, interest rate election periods, interest rate swap agreements, repayments or borrowings of indebtedness, and amendments to our credit agreements. in connection with our term loan amendment in december 2019, language was added to the agreement to include a benchmark replacement rate, selected by the administrative agent and the borrower, as a replacement to libor that would take affect at the time libor ceases. we plan to work with our lenders in the future to amend other libor based debt agreements to add a replacement rate should the use of libor cease. interest expense decreased during 2020 compared to 2019, primarily due to lower libor rates and lower outstanding borrowings. refer to note 12, "credit agreements," to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for further information.
factors influencing provision for income taxes and cash income taxes paid.  on december 22, 2017, the u.s. government enacted the tax cuts and jobs act, which significantly changed how the u.s. taxes corporations. since enactment, the u.s. treasury department (treasury) issued several new regulations and other guidance which we have incorporated into our final tax calculations.
21
as of december 31, 2020, we had approximately $102 million of tax-deductible goodwill and intangible asset amortization remaining from our acquisition by ccmp capital advisors, llc in 2006. this remaining balance will fully amortize in our 2021 tax return, resulting in approximately $26 million of cash tax savings during 2021. beginning in 2022, this tax amortization will no longer exist, resulting in a higher cash tax obligation on a go-forward basis.
components of net sales and expenses net sales our net sales primarily consist of product sales to our customers. this includes sales of our power generation equipment, energy storage systems, and other power products to the residential, light commercial and industrial markets, as well as service parts to our dealer network. net sales also include shipping and handling charges billed to customers, with the related freight costs included in cost of goods sold. additionally, we offer other services, including extended warranties, remote monitoring, grid optimization, installation and maintenance services. however, these services accounted for less than two percent of our net sales for the year ended december 31, 2020. refer to note 2, "summary of accounting policies - revenue recognition," to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for further information on our revenue streams and related revenue recognition accounting policies.
we are not dependent on any one channel or customer for our net sales, with no single customer representing more than 6% of our sales, and our top ten customers representing less than 24% of our net sales for the year ended december 31, 2020.
costs of goods sold the principal elements of costs of goods sold are component parts, raw materials, freight, factory overhead and labor. component parts and raw materials comprised approximately 75% of costs of goods sold for the year ended december 31, 2020. the principal component parts are engines, alternators, and batteries. we design and manufacture air-cooled engines for certain of our generators up to 24kw, along with certain liquid-cooled, natural gas engines. we source engines for certain of our smaller products and all of our diesel products. for certain natural gas engines, we source the base engine block, and then add a significant amount of value engineering, sub-systems and other content to the point that we are recognized as the original equipment manufacturer (oem) of those engines. we design and manufacture many of the alternators for our units. we also manufacture other generator components where we believe we have a design and cost advantage. we source component parts from an extensive global network of reliable, high quality suppliers. in some cases, these relationships are proprietary.
the principal raw materials used in the manufacturing process that are sourced are steel, copper and aluminum. we are susceptible to fluctuations in the cost of these commodities, impacting our costs of goods sold. we seek to mitigate the impact of commodity prices on our business through a continued focus on global sourcing, product design improvements, manufacturing efficiencies, price increases and select hedging transactions. we are also impacted by foreign currency fluctuations given our global supply chain. there is typically a lag between raw material price fluctuations and their effect on our costs of goods sold.
other sources of costs include our manufacturing and warehousing facilities, factory overhead, labor and shipping costs. factory overhead includes utilities, insurance, support personnel, depreciation, general supplies, support and maintenance. although we attempt to maintain a flexible manufacturing cost structure, our margins can be impacted when we cannot timely adjust labor and manufacturing costs to match fluctuations in net sales.
operating expenses our operating expenses consist of costs incurred to support our sales, marketing, distribution, service parts, engineering, information systems, human resources, accounting, finance, risk management, legal and tax functions, among others. these expenses include personnel costs such as salaries, bonuses, employee benefit costs, taxes, and share-based compensation cost, and are classified into three categories: selling and service, research and development, and general and administrative. additionally, the amortization expense related to our finite-lived intangible assets is included within operating expenses.
22
selling and service.    our selling and service expenses consist primarily of personnel expense, marketing expense, standard assurance warranty expense and other sales expenses. our personnel expense recorded in selling and services expenses includes the expense of our sales force responsible for our broad customer base and other personnel involved in the marketing, sales and service of our products. standard warranty expense, which is recorded at the time of sale, is estimated based on historical trends. our marketing expenses include direct mail costs, printed material costs, product display costs, market research expenses, trade show expenses, media advertising, promotional expenses and co-op advertising costs. marketing expenses are generally related to the launch of new product offerings, participation in trade shows and other events, opportunities to create market awareness for our products, and general brand awareness marketing efforts.
research and development.    our research and development expenses support numerous projects covering all of our product lines. they also support our connectivity, remote monitoring, and energy monitoring initiatives. we operate engineering facilities with extensive capabilities at many locations globally and employ over 500 personnel with focus on new product development, existing product improvement and cost containment. we are committed to research and development, and rely on a combination of patents and trademarks to establish and protect our proprietary rights. our research and development costs are expensed as incurred.
general and administrative.    our general and administrative expenses include personnel costs for general and administrative employees; accounting, legal and professional services fees; information technology costs; insurance; travel and entertainment expense; and other corporate expenses.
amortization of intangibles.    our amortization of intangibles expense includes the straight-line amortization of finite-lived tradenames, customer lists, patents and technology, and other intangibles assets.
other (expense) income other (expense) income includes the interest expense on our outstanding borrowings, amortization of debt financing costs and original issue discount, and cash flows related to interest rate swap agreements. other (expense) income also includes other financial items such as losses on extinguishment of debt, loss on pension settlement, and investment income earned on our cash and cash equivalents.
results of operations a detailed discussion of the year-over-year changes from the company's fiscal 2018 to fiscal 2019 can be found in the management's discussion and analysis section of the company's fiscal 2019 annual report on form 10-k filed february 25, 2020.
year ended december 31, 2020 compared to year ended december 31, 2019
the following table sets forth our consolidated statement of operations data for the periods indicated:
year ended december 31,

(u.s. dollars in thousands)                           2020                          2019                                $ change             % change net sales                                                        $2,485,200                      $2,204,336             $280,864                 12.7   %
cost of goods sold                                                1,527,546                       1,406,584              120,962                  8.6   %
gross profit                                                        957,654                         797,752              159,902                 20.0   %
operating expenses:
selling and service                                                 246,373                         217,683               28,690                 13.2   %
research and development                                             80,251                          68,394               11,857                 17.3   %
general and administrative                                          119,644                         110,868                8,776                  7.9   %
amortization of intangible assets                                    32,280                          28,644                3,636                 12.7   %
total operating expenses                                            478,548                         425,589               52,959                 12.4   %
income from operations                                              479,106                         372,163              106,943                 28.7   %
total other expense, net                                            (32,915     )                   (52,556   )           19,641                -37.4   %
income before provision for income taxes                            446,191                         319,607              126,584                 39.6   %
provision for income taxes                                           98,973                          67,299               31,674                 47.1   %
net income                                                          347,218                         252,308               94,910                 37.6   %
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests                  (3,358     )                       301               (3,659   )          -1215.6   %
net income attributable to generac holdings inc.                   $350,576                        $252,007              $98,569                 39.1   %
23
the following sets forth our reportable segment information for the periods indicated:
net sales by segment

year ended december 31,
(u.s. dollars in thousands)   2020                        2019                          $ change           % change domestic                               $2,088,808                    $1,742,898         $345,910               19.8   %
international                             396,392                       461,438          (65,046   )          -14.1   %
total net sales                        $2,485,200                    $2,204,336         $280,864               12.7   %
adjusted ebitda by segment

year ended december 31,
2020                       2019                        $ change           % change domestic                         $563,394                      $428,667        $134,727               31.4   %
international                      20,379                        25,448          (5,069   )          -19.9   %
total adjusted ebitda            $583,773                      $454,115        $129,658               28.6   %
the following table sets forth our product class information for the periods indicated:
net sales by product class

year ended december 31,
(u.s. dollars in thousands)            2020                         2019                            $ change           % change residential products                            $1,556,501                      $1,143,723          $412,778               36.1   %
commercial &amp; industrial products               701,751                         871,595          (169,844   )          -19.5   %
other                                              226,948                         189,018            37,930               20.1   %
total net sales                                 $2,485,200                      $2,204,336          $280,864               12.7   %
net sales.   the increase in domestic segment sales for the year ended december 31, 2020 was primarily due to strong growth in shipments of home standby generators and portable generators as elevated outage activity and nationwide stay-at-home orders heightened consumer awareness of power reliability concerns. chore products sold directly to consumers were also strong during the current year as homeowners increased outdoor project activity. in addition, shipments of the pwrcelltm energy storage system had a strong impact on growth as we expanded our presence in the rapidly developing solar-plus-storage market. this broad-based residential products growth was partially offset by continued weakness in sales of c&i mobile products due to the ongoing impacts from the covid-19 pandemic, as well as lower shipments of c&i products to national telecom customers as compared to a strong prior year comparison.
the decrease in international segment sales for the year ended december 31, 2020 was primarily driven by a broad-based sharp drop in global demand caused by the covid-19 pandemic and its impact on the c&i power generation market in certain key regions of the world, which magnified the slower economic growth and geopolitical headwinds already being experienced prior to the pandemic. however, the year-over-year decline in the fourth quarter was at a notably lesser rate relative to recent quarters as certain regions are beginning to show signs of recovery.
total contribution from non-annualized recent acquisitions for the year ended december 31, 2020 was $32.4 million.
net income attributable to generac holdings inc.  net income attributable to generac holdings inc. was $350.6 million as compared to $252.0 million in the prior year period. the current year net income includes $11.5 million of pre-tax charges taken in the second quarter of 2020 relating to business optimization, restructuring, and other costs to address the impact of the covid-19 pandemic and the decline in oil prices on end markets for our products. the cost reduction actions taken include certain headcount reductions, non-cash asset write-downs, and other charges. the charges, which primarily relate to c&i products, consist of $6.3 million classified within costs of goods sold and $5.2 million classified within operating expenses.
gross profit.    gross profit margin for the year ended december 31, 2020 was 38.5% compared to 36.2% for the year ended december 31, 2019. the overall increase in gross profit margin reflected a favorable sales mix towards significantly higher shipments of residential products, along with a lower mix of c&i products. the current year period includes the impact of the aforementioned $6.3 million of charges classified within costs of goods sold.
operating expenses.    operating expenses increased $53.0 million, or 12.4%, as compared to the prior year. the current year period includes the impact of the aforementioned $5.2 million of charges classified within operating expenses. in addition, the increase in operating expenses was primarily driven by higher variable expenses from the significant increase in sales volume, incremental spend related to clean energy products and the impact of acquisitions, higher employee costs, and additional intangible amortization. these increases were partially offset by a reduction in operating expenses as a result of the restructuring actions initiated in the second quarter of 2020 and an overall reduction in controllable operating expenses.
other expense.  the decrease in other expense, net was driven by a reduction in interest expense due to lower libor rates and lower outstanding borrowings in the current year, as well as a $10.9 million pre-tax settlement charge related to the termination of the company's domestic pension plan in the fourth quarter of 2019.
provision for income taxes. the effective income tax rates for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019 were 22.2% and 21.1%, respectively. the increase in the effective tax rate is primarily due to a reduction in the prior year u.s. state income tax expense, which did not repeat in the current year, as well as higher earnings in the current year, which dilute the impact of discrete tax benefits.
adjusted ebitda.   adjusted ebitda is defined in, and there is a reconciliation of net income to adjusted ebitda attributable to the company in, "non-gaap measures - adjusted ebitda" included below in item 7 of this annual report on form 10-k. adjusted ebitda margins for the domestic segment for the year ended december 31, 2020 were 27.0% of net sales as compared to 24.6% of net sales for the year ended december 31, 2019. adjusted ebitda margin in the current year benefited from favorable sales mix and higher operating leverage from the significant revenue growth, partially offset by the aforementioned higher operating expense investments.
adjusted ebitda margins for the international segment, before deducting for non-controlling interests, for the year ended december 31, 2020 were 5.1% of net sales as compared to 5.5% of net sales for the year ended december 31, 2019. decreased operating leverage on lower sales volumes was the primary contributor to the margin decline, partially offset by lower operating expenses as a result of the restructuring activities initiated in the second quarter of 2020.
adjusted net income.    adjusted net income is defined in, and there is a reconciliation of net income to adjusted net income attributable to the company in, "non-gaap measures - adjusted net income" included below in item 7 of this annual report on form 10-k. adjusted net income of $412.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2020 increased 29.7% from $317.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, due to the factors outlined above together with an increase in the cash income tax rate from 15.0% in 2019 to 17.9% in 2020.
24
liquidity and financial position our primary cash requirements include payment for our raw material and component supplies, salaries & benefits, facility and lease costs, operating expenses, interest and principal payments on our debt and capital expenditures. we finance our operations primarily through cash flow generated from operations and, if necessary, borrowings under our abl credit facility (abl facility).
our credit agreements originally provided for a $1.2 billion term loan b credit facility (term loan) and include a $300.0 million uncommitted incremental term loan facility. the term loan currently matures on december 13, 2026 and bears interest at rates based upon either a base rate plus an applicable margin of 0.75% or adjusted libor rate plus an applicable margin of 1.75%. the term loan does not require an excess cash flow payment if our secured leverage ratio is maintained below 3.75 to 1.00 times. as of december 31, 2020, our secured leverage ratio was 1.12 to 1.00 times, and we were in compliance with all covenants of the term loan. there are no financial maintenance covenants on the term loan.
our credit agreements also provide for the $300.0 million abl facility, which matures on june 12, 2023. as of december 31, 2020, there was no outstanding balance under the abl facility, leaving $299.6 million of availability, net of outstanding letters of credit. we were in compliance with all covenants of the abl facility as of december 31, 2020.
as of december 31, 2020, we had $954.7 million of liquidity comprised of $655.1 million of cash and cash equivalents and $299.6 million available under our abl facility. additionally, we have no maturities on our term loan until december 2026. we believe we have a strong liquidity position that allows us, notwithstanding unforeseen impacts of the current covid-19 pandemic, to execute our strategic plan and provides the flexibility to continue to invest in future growth opportunities.
in september 2018, our board of directors approved a $250.0 million stock repurchase program, which expired in october 2020. in september 2020, the board of directors approved another stock repurchase program, which commenced on october 27, 2020, and under which we may repurchase $250.0 million of common stock over 24 months from time to time, in amounts and at prices we deem appropriate, subject to market conditions and other considerations. during the year ended december 31, 2020, no repurchases were made. since the inception of all stock repurchase programs starting in august 2015, we have repurchased 8,676,706 shares of our common stock for $305.5 million (an average repurchase price of $35.21 per share), all funded with cash on hand.
long-term liquidity we believe that our cash and cash equivalents, cash flow from operations, and availability under our abl facility and other short-term lines of credit provide us with sufficient capital to continue to grow our business in the future. we may use a portion of our cash flow to pay interest and principal on our outstanding debt, as well as repurchase shares of our common stock, impacting the amount available for working capital, capital expenditures and other general corporate purposes. as we continue to expand our business, we may require additional capital to fund working capital, capital expenditures or acquisitions.
cash flow year ended december 31, 2020 compared to year ended december 31, 2019
the following table summarizes our cash flows by category for the periods presented:
year ended december 31,

(u.s. dollars in thousands)                 2020                        2019                        $ change        % change net cash provided by operating activities              $486,533                      $308,887       $177,646        57.5           %
net cash used in investing activities                  (124,095   )                  (170,078   )          45,983          -27.0   %
net cash used in financing activities                   (30,428   )                   (41,918   )          11,490          -27.4   %
the increase in net cash provided by operating activities was primarily driven by higher sales volumes and resulting higher operating earnings in the current year, as well as a significant working capital investment that was made in the prior year which did not repeat in the current year.
net cash used in investing activities for the year ended december 31, 2020 primarily represented cash payments of $64.8 million related to the acquisition of businesses and $62.1 million for the purchase of property and equipment. net cash used in investing activities for the year ended december 31, 2019 primarily consisted of cash payments of $112.0 million related to the acquisition of businesses and $60.8 million for the purchase of property and equipment.
net cash used in financing activities for the year ended december 31, 2020 primarily consisted of $282.5 million of debt repayments ($277.7 million of short-term borrowings and $4.8 million of long-term borrowings), $14.9 million of taxes paid related to equity awards, and $4.0 million of contingent consideration for acquired businesses. these payments were partially offset by $257.9 million cash proceeds from borrowings ($257.6 million for short-term borrowings and $0.3 million for long-term borrowings) and $13.1 million of proceeds from the exercise of stock options.
net cash used in financing activities for the year ended december 31, 2019 primarily consisted of $112.6 million of debt repayments ($53.1 million of long-term borrowings and $59.5 million of short-term borrowings), $6.4 million of taxes paid related to equity awards, and $5.5 million of contingent consideration for acquired businesses. these payments were partially offset by $75.0 million of cash proceeds from borrowings ($73.3 million for short-term borrowings and $1.7 million for long-term borrowings) and $9.4 million of proceeds from the exercise of stock options.
25
senior secured credit facilities refer to note 12, "credit agreements," to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 and the "liquidity and financial position" section included in item 7 of this annual report on form 10-k for information on the senior secured credit facilities.
covenant compliance the term loan contains restrictions on the company's ability to pay distributions and dividends. payments can be made to the company or other parent companies for certain expenses such as operating expenses in the ordinary course, fees and expenses related to any debt or equity offering and to pay franchise or similar taxes. dividends can be used to repurchase equity interests, subject to limitations in certain circumstances. additionally, the term loan restricts the aggregate amount of dividends and distributions that can be paid and, in certain circumstances, requires pro forma compliance with certain fixed charge coverage ratios or gross leverage ratios, as applicable, in order to pay certain dividends and distributions. the term loan also contains other affirmative and negative covenants that, among other things, limit the incurrence of additional indebtedness, liens on property, sale and leaseback transactions, investments, loans and advances, mergers or consolidations, asset sales, acquisitions, transactions with affiliates, prepayments of certain other indebtedness and modifications of our organizational documents. the term loan does not contain any financial maintenance covenants.
the term loan contains customary events of default, including, among others, nonpayment of principal, interest or other amounts, failure to perform covenants, inaccuracy of representations or warranties in any material respect, cross-defaults with other material indebtedness, certain undischarged judgments, the occurrence of certain erisa, bankruptcy or insolvency events, or the occurrence of a change in control (as defined in the term loan). a bankruptcy or insolvency event of default will cause the obligations under the term loan to automatically become immediately due and payable.
the abl facility also contains covenants and events of default substantially similar to those in the term loan, as described above.
contractual obligations the following table summarizes our expected payments for significant contractual obligations as of december 31, 2020, using the interest rates in effect as of that date:
(u.s. dollars in thousands)                       total          less than 1 year     2 - 3 years      4 - 5 years      after 5 years

long-term debt, including current portion (1)                     $833,990                $1,836           $1,951             $142          $830,061
finance lease obligations, including current portion                27,371                 2,312            3,939            2,517            18,603
interest on long-term debt and finance lease obligations           111,035                16,553           34,903           34,641            24,938
operating leases                                                    71,706                19,530           27,654           12,811            11,711
total contractual cash obligations                              $1,044,102               $40,231          $68,447          $50,111          $885,313
(1) the term loan matures on december 13, 2026. the abl facility provides for a $300.0 million senior secured abl revolving credit facility, which matures on june 12, 2023. there was no outstanding balance on the abl facility as of december 31, 2020.
capital expenditures our operations require capital expenditures for facilities and related improvements, technology, research & development, tooling, equipment, capacity expansion, it systems & infrastructure and upgrades. capital expenditures were $62.1 million, $60.8 million, and $47.6 million for the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively, and were funded through cash from operations.
as a result of increased demand for our products and in order to expand manufacturing and distribution capacity, we have entered into an agreement to purchase an approximate 420,000 square foot building in trenton, south carolina. the transaction funded in february 2021.
off-balance sheet arrangements we have an arrangement with a finance company to provide floor plan financing for selected dealers. this arrangement provides liquidity for our dealers by financing dealer purchases of products with credit availability from the finance company. we receive payment from the finance company after shipment of product to the dealer, and our dealers are given a longer period of time to pay the finance company. if our dealers do not pay the finance company, we may be required to repurchase the applicable inventory held by the dealer. we do not indemnify the finance company for any credit losses they may incur.
total dealer purchases financed under this arrangement accounted for approximately 12% and 11% of net sales for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. the amount financed by dealers which remained outstanding was $55.6 million and $49.6 million as of december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
26
critical accounting policies in preparing the financial statements in accordance with u.s. gaap, management is required to make estimates and assumptions that have an impact on the asset, liability, revenue and expense amounts reported. these estimates can also affect our supplemental information disclosures, including information about contingencies, risk and financial condition. we believe, given current facts and circumstances, that our estimates and assumptions are reasonable, adhere to u.s. gaap, and are consistently applied. inherent in the nature of an estimate or assumption is the fact that actual results may differ from estimates and estimates may vary as new facts and circumstances arise. we make routine estimates and judgments in determining net realizable value of accounts receivable, inventories, property and equipment, prepaid expenses, product warranties and other reserves. management believes our most critical accounting estimates and assumptions are in the following areas: goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment assessment; business combinations and purchase accounting; and income taxes.
goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets refer to note 2, "summary of accounting policies - goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets," to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for further information on the company's policy regarding the accounting for goodwill and other intangible assets. the company performed the required annual impairment tests for goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets for the fiscal years 2020, 2019 and 2018, and found no impairment.
when preparing a discounted cash flow analysis for purposes of our annual impairment test, we make a number of key estimates and assumptions. we estimate the future cash flows of the business based on historical and forecasted revenues and operating costs. this, in turn, involves further estimates, such as estimates of future growth rates and inflation rates. in addition, we apply a discount rate to the estimated future cash flows for the purpose of the valuation. this discount rate is based on the estimated weighted average cost of capital for the business and may change from year to year. weighted average cost of capital includes certain assumptions such as market capital structures, market betas, risk-free rate of return and estimated costs of borrowing.
in our october 31, 2020 impairment test calculation, the latin america reporting unit and the generac mobile products reporting unit each had an estimated fair value that exceeded its carrying value by approximately 10%.
the carrying value of the latin america goodwill was $43.6 million. key financial assumptions utilized to determine the fair value of the reporting unit include revenue growth levels that reflect the impact of the covid-19 pandemic with an eventual return to normalized revenue growth patterns and profitability from recovering end markets, improving profit margins, a 3% terminal growth rate and an 11.7% discount rate. the reporting unit's fair value would approximate its carrying value with a 70 basis point increase in the discount rate or a 75 basis point reduction in the sales continuous annual growth rate and terminal growth rate.
the carrying value of the generac mobile products goodwill was $48.6 million. key financial assumptions utilized to determine the fair value of the reporting unit include revenue growth levels that reflect the impact of the covid-19 pandemic as well as the impact of a decline in oil prices on end markets with an eventual return to normalized revenue growth levels from recovering end markets, improving profit margins, a 3% terminal growth rate and a 14.6% discount rate. the reporting unit's fair value would approximate its carrying value with a 100 basis point increase in the discount rate or a 100 basis point reduction in the sales continuous annual growth rate and terminal growth rate.
as noted above, a considerable amount of management judgment and assumptions are required in performing the goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment tests. while we believe our judgments and assumptions are reasonable, different assumptions could change the estimated fair values. a number of factors, many of which we have no ability to control, could cause actual results to differ from the estimates and assumptions we employed. these factors include:
●   continued negative impact from the covid-19 pandemic;

●   a prolonged global or regional economic downturn;
●   a significant decrease in the demand for our products;

●   the inability to develop new and enhanced products and services in a timely manner;

●   a significant adverse change in legal factors or in the business climate;

●   an adverse action or assessment by a regulator;

●   successful efforts by our competitors to gain market share in our markets;

●   disruptions to the company's business;

●   inability to effectively integrate acquired businesses;

●   unexpected or unplanned changes in the use of assets or entity structure; and

●   business divestitures.

if management's estimates of future operating results change or if there are changes to other assumptions due to these factors, the estimate of the fair values may change significantly. such change could result in impairment charges in future periods, which could have a significant impact on our operating results and financial condition.
27
business combinations and purchase accounting we account for business combinations using the acquisition method of accounting, and accordingly, the assets and liabilities of the acquired business are recorded at their respective fair values. the excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair value of assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill. assigning fair market values to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the date of an acquisition requires knowledge of current market values, the values of assets in use, and often requires the application of judgment regarding estimates and assumptions. while the ultimate responsibility resides with management, for material acquisitions we retain the services of certified valuation specialists to assist with assigning estimated values to certain acquired assets and assumed liabilities, including intangible assets and tangible long-lived assets. acquired intangible assets, excluding goodwill, are valued using certain discounted cash flow methodologies based on future cash flows specific to the type of intangible asset purchased. this methodology incorporates various estimates and assumptions, the most significant being projected revenue growth rates, profit margins, forecasted cash flows, discount rates and terminal growth rates. refer to note 1, "description of business," and note 3, "acquisitions," to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for further information on the company's business acquisitions.
income taxes we account for income taxes in accordance with accounting standards codification (asc) 740, income taxes. our estimate of income taxes payable, deferred income taxes and the effective tax rate is based on an analysis of many factors including interpretations of federal, state and international income tax laws; the difference between tax and financial reporting bases of assets and liabilities; estimates of amounts currently due or owed in various jurisdictions; and current accounting standards. we review and update our estimates on a quarterly basis as facts and circumstances change and actual results are known.
in assessing the realizability of the deferred tax assets on our balance sheet, we consider whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. the ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the years in which those temporary differences become deductible. we consider the taxable income in prior carryback years, scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment.
refer to note 15, "income taxes," to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for further information on the company's income taxes.
new accounting standards for information with respect to new accounting pronouncements and the impact of these pronouncements on our consolidated financial statements, refer to note 2, "summary of accounting policies - new accounting pronouncements," to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
non-gaap measures adjusted ebitda the computation of adjusted ebitda attributable to generac holdings inc. is based on the definition of ebitda contained in our credit agreement, as amended. to supplement our consolidated financial statements presented in accordance with u.s. gaap, we provide the computation of adjusted ebitda attributable to the company, taking into account certain charges and gains that were recognized during the periods presented.
we view adjusted ebitda as a key measure of our performance. we present adjusted ebitda not only due to its importance for purposes of our credit agreements, but also because it assists us in comparing our performance across reporting periods on a consistent basis as it excludes items that we do not believe are indicative of our core operating performance. our management uses adjusted ebitda:
●   for planning purposes, including the preparation of our annual operating budget and developing and refining our internal projections for future periods;

●   to allocate resources to enhance the financial performance of our business;

●   as a benchmark for the determination of the bonus component of compensation for our senior executives under our management incentive plan, as described further in our proxy statement;

●   to evaluate the effectiveness of our business strategies and as a supplemental tool in evaluating our performance against our budget for each period; and

●   in communications with our board of directors and investors concerning our financial performance.

28
we believe adjusted ebitda is used by securities analysts, investors and other interested parties in the evaluation of the company. management believes the disclosure of adjusted ebitda offers an additional financial metric that, when coupled with results prepared in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles (u.s. gaap) and the reconciliation to u.s. gaap results, provides a more complete understanding of our results of operations and the factors and trends affecting our business. we believe adjusted ebitda is useful to investors for the following reasons:
●   adjusted ebitda and similar non-gaap measures are widely used by investors to measure a company's operating performance without regard to items that can vary substantially from company to company depending upon financing and accounting methods, book values of assets, tax jurisdictions, capital structures and the methods by which assets were acquired;

●   investors can use adjusted ebitda as a supplemental measure to evaluate the overall operating performance of our company, including our ability to service our debt and other cash needs; and

●   by comparing our adjusted ebitda in different historical periods, our investors can evaluate our operating performance excluding the impact of items described below.

the adjustments included in the reconciliation table listed below are provided for under our term loan and abl facility, and also are presented to illustrate the operating performance of our business in a manner consistent with the presentation used by our management and board of directors. these adjustments eliminate the impact of a number of items that:
●   we do not consider indicative of our ongoing operating performance, such as non-cash write-downs and other charges, non-cash gains, write-offs relating to the retirement of debt, severance costs and other restructuring-related business optimization expenses;

●   we believe to be akin to, or associated with, interest expense, such as administrative agent fees, revolving credit facility commitment fees and letter of credit fees; or

●   are non-cash in nature, such as share-based compensation expense.

we explain in more detail in footnotes (a) through (g) below why we believe these adjustments are useful in calculating adjusted ebitda as a measure of our operating performance.
adjusted ebitda does not represent, and should not be a substitute for, net income or cash flows from operations as determined in accordance with u.s. gaap. adjusted ebitda has limitations as an analytical tool, and you should not consider it in isolation, or as a substitute for analysis of our results as reported under u.s. gaap. some of the limitations are:
●   adjusted ebitda does not reflect our cash expenditures, or future requirements for capital expenditures or contractual commitments;

●   adjusted ebitda does not reflect changes in, or cash requirements for, our working capital needs;

●   adjusted ebitda does not reflect the significant interest expense, or the cash requirements necessary to service interest or principal payments on our debt;

●   although depreciation and amortization are non-cash charges, the assets being depreciated and amortized will often have to be replaced in the future, and adjusted ebitda does not reflect any cash requirements for such replacements;

●   several of the adjustments that we use in calculating adjusted ebitda, such as non-cash write-downs and other charges, while not involving cash expense, do have a negative impact on the value of our assets as reflected in our consolidated balance sheet prepared in accordance with u.s. gaap; and

●   other companies may calculate adjusted ebitda differently than we do, limiting its usefulness as a comparative measure.

29
furthermore, as noted above, one of our uses of adjusted ebitda is as a benchmark for determining elements of compensation for our senior executives. at the same time, some or all of these senior executives have responsibility for monitoring our financial results, generally including the adjustments in calculating adjusted ebitda (subject ultimately to review by our board of directors in the context of the board's review of our financial statements). while many of the adjustments (for example, transaction costs and credit facility fees), involve mathematical application of items reflected in our financial statements, others involve a degree of judgment and discretion. while we believe all of these adjustments are appropriate, and while the calculations are subject to review by our board of directors in the context of the board's review of our financial statements, and certification by our chief financial officer in a compliance certificate provided to the lenders under our term loan and abl facility, this discretion may be viewed as an additional limitation on the use of adjusted ebitda as an analytical tool.
because of these limitations, adjusted ebitda should not be considered as a measure of discretionary cash available to us to invest in the growth of our business. we compensate for these limitations by relying primarily on our u.s. gaap results and using adjusted ebitda only supplementally.
the following table presents a reconciliation of net income to adjusted ebitda attributable to generac holdings inc.:
year ended december 31,

(u.s. dollars in thousands)                                2020                      2019                       2018
net income attributable to generac holdings inc.                     $350,576                   $252,007                   $238,257
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests (a)                (3,358    )                   301                      2,963
net income                                                            347,218                    252,308                    241,220
interest expense                                                       32,991                     41,544                     40,956
depreciation and amortization                                          68,773                     60,767                     47,408
provision for income taxes                                             98,973                     67,299                     69,856
non-cash write-down and other adjustments (b)                            (327    )                   240                      3,532
non-cash share-based compensation expense (c)                          20,882                     16,694                     14,563
loss on extinguishment of debt (d)                                          -                        926                      1,332
loss on pension settlement (e)                                              -                     10,920                          -
transaction costs and credit facility fees (f)                          2,151                      2,724                      3,883
business optimization and other charges (g)                            12,158                      1,572                        952
other                                                                     954                       (879    )                   850
adjusted ebitda                                                       583,773                    454,115                    424,552
adjusted ebitda attributable to noncontrolling interests                2,358                      4,965                      7,759
adjusted ebitda attributable to generac holdings inc.                $581,415                   $449,150                   $416,793
(a) includes the noncontrolling interests' share of expenses related to pramac purchase accounting, including intangible amortization of $4.3 million, $4.2 million, and $4.6 million for the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019, and 2018, respectively.
(b) represents the following non-cash adjustments: gains/losses on disposal of assets, unrealized mark-to-market adjustments on commodity contracts, transactional foreign currency gains/losses and certain purchase accounting related adjustments. we believe that adjusting net income for these non-cash items is useful for the following reasons:
●   the gains/losses on disposals of assets result from the sale of assets that are no longer useful in our business and therefore represent gains or losses that are not from our core operations;

●   the adjustments for unrealized mark-to-market gains and losses on commodity contracts represent non-cash items to reflect changes in the fair value of forward contracts that have not been settled or terminated. we believe it is useful to adjust net income for these items because the charges do not represent a cash outlay in the period in which the charge is incurred, although adjusted ebitda must always be used together with our u.s. gaap statements of comprehensive income and cash flows to capture the full effect of these contracts on our operating performance;

●   the purchase accounting adjustments represent non-cash items to reflect fair value at the date of acquisition, and therefore do not reflect our ongoing operations

(c) represents share-based compensation expense to account for stock options, restricted stock and other stock awards over their respective vesting period.
(d) represents the non-cash write-off of original issue discount and deferred financing costs due to voluntary prepayments of term loan debt. refer to note 12, "credit agreements," to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for further information on the losses on extinguishment of debt.
(e) represents pre-tax settlement charges related to the termination of the company's domestic pension plan in the fourth quarter of 2019. refer to note 16, "benefit plans," to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for further information regarding the company's pension plans.
(f) represents transaction costs incurred directly in connection with any investment, as defined in our credit agreement, equity issuance, or debt issuance or refinancing, together with certain fees relating to our senior secured credit facilities, such as administrative agent fees and credit facility commitment fees under our term loan and abl facility, which we believe to be akin to, or associated with, interest expense and whose inclusion in adjusted ebitda is therefore similar to the inclusion of interest expense in that calculation.
(g) typically, represents severance and non-recurring plant consolidation costs. for the year-ended december 31, 2020, represents severance, non-cash asset write-downs and other charges to address the impact of the covid-19 pandemic and decline in oil prices on demand for c&i products. these charges represent expenses that are nonrecurring and do not reflect our ongoing operations.
30
adjusted net income to further supplement our consolidated financial statements in accordance with u.s. gaap, we provide the computation of adjusted net income attributable to the company, which is defined as net income before noncontrolling interest and provision for income taxes adjusted for the following items: cash income tax expense, amortization of intangible assets, amortization of deferred financing costs and original issue discount related to our debt, intangible impairment charges, certain transaction costs and other purchase accounting adjustments, losses on extinguishment of debt, business optimization expenses, certain other non-cash gains and losses, and adjusted net income attributable to noncontrolling interests, as set forth in the reconciliation table below.
we believe adjusted net income is used by securities analysts, investors and other interested parties in the evaluation of our company's operations. management believes the disclosure of adjusted net income offers an additional financial metric that, when used in conjunction with u.s. gaap results and the reconciliation to u.s. gaap results, provides a more complete understanding of our ongoing results of operations, and the factors and trends affecting our business.
the adjustments included in the reconciliation table listed below are presented to illustrate the operating performance of our business in a manner consistent with the presentation used by investors and securities analysts. similar to the adjusted ebitda reconciliation, these adjustments eliminate the impact of a number of items we do not consider indicative of our ongoing operating performance or cash flows, such as amortization costs, transaction costs and write-offs relating to the retirement of debt. we also make adjustments to present cash taxes paid as a result of our favorable tax attributes, causing our cash tax rate to be lower than our u.s gaap tax rate.
similar to adjusted ebitda, adjusted net income does not represent, and should not be a substitute for, net income or cash flows from operations as determined in accordance with u.s. gaap. adjusted net income has limitations as an analytical tool, and you should not consider it in isolation, or as a substitute for analysis of our results as reported under u.s. gaap. some of the limitations are:
●   adjusted net income does not reflect changes in, or cash requirements for, our working capital needs;

●   although amortization is a non-cash charge, the assets being amortized may have to be replaced in the future, and adjusted net income does not reflect any cash requirements for such replacements; and

●   other companies may calculate adjusted net income differently than we do, limiting its usefulness as a comparative measure.

the following table presents a reconciliation of net income to adjusted net income attributable to generac holdings inc.:
year ended december 31,

(u.s. dollars in thousands)                                          2020                      2019                       2018
net income attributable to generac holdings inc.                               $350,576                   $252,007                   $238,257
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests                              (3,358    )                   301                      2,963
net income                                                                      347,218                    252,308                    241,220
provision for income taxes                                                       98,973                     67,299                     69,856
income before provision for income taxes                                        446,191                    319,607                    311,076
amortization of intangible assets                                                32,280                     28,644                     22,112
amortization of deferred finance costs and original issue discount                2,598                      4,712                      4,749
loss on extinguishment of debt                                                        -                        926                      1,332
loss on pension settlement                                                            -                     10,920                          -
transaction costs and other purchase accounting adjustments (a)                  (1,328    )                   874                      2,578
business optimization and other charges                                          12,158                      1,572                        952
adjusted net income before provision for income taxes                           491,899                    367,255                    342,799
cash income tax expense (b)                                                     (79,723    )               (47,945    )               (47,064   )
adjusted net income                                                             412,176                    319,310                    295,735
adjusted net income attributable to noncontrolling interests                        (32    )                 1,488                      3,522
adjusted net income attributable to generac holdings inc.                      $412,208                   $317,822                   $292,213
(a) represents transaction costs incurred directly in connection with any investment, as defined in our credit agreement, equity issuance or debt issuance or refinancing, and certain purchase accounting adjustments.
(b) for the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019, and 2018, the amount is based on a cash income tax rate of 17.9%, 15.0%, and 15.1%, respectively. cash income tax expense is based on the projected taxable income and corresponding cash taxes payable for the full year after considering the effects of current and deferred income tax items, and is calculated by applying the derived cash tax rate to the period's pretax income.
31
