item 1a.    risk factors you should carefully read the following discussion of significant factors, events and uncertainties when evaluating our business and the forward-looking information contained in this annual report on form 10-k. the events and consequences discussed in these risk factors could materially and adversely affect our business, operating results, liquidity and financial condition. while we believe we have identified and discussed below the key risk factors affecting our business, these risk factors do not identify all the risks we face, and there may be additional risks and uncertainties that we do not presently know or that we do not currently believe to be significant that may have a material adverse effect on our business, performance or financial condition in the future.
risk related to macroeconomic conditions our business and financial results may be negatively impacted by the failure to successfully manage a disruption in consumer and trade patterns, as well as operational challenges associated with the actual or perceived effects of a disease outbreak, including epidemics, pandemics or similar widespread public health concerns, such as, the current coronavirus disease 2019 ("covid-19") global pandemic.
our operations are impacted by consumer spending levels, impulse purchases, the availability of our products at retail and our ability to manufacture, store and distribute products to our customers and consumers in an effective and efficient manner. the fear of exposure to or actual effects of a disease outbreak, epidemic, pandemic or similar widespread public health concern, such as the covid-19 pandemic, could negatively impact our overall business and financial results. specific factors that may impact our operations, some of which have had an unfavorable impact on our operations as a result of covid-19, include, but are not limited to:
•significant reductions or volatility in demand for one or more of our products, which may be caused by, among other things: the temporary inability of consumers to purchase our products due to illness, quarantine or other travel restrictions, or financial hardship, shifts in demand away from one or more of our products, or pantry-loading activity; if prolonged, such impacts may further increase the difficulty of planning for operations and may negatively impact our results;
•significant reductions in the availability of one or more of our products as a result of retailers, common carriers or other shippers modifying restocking, fulfillment and shipping practices;
•the inability to meet our customers' needs and achieve cost targets due to disruptions in our manufacturing operations or supply arrangements caused by the loss or disruption of essential manufacturing and supply elements such as raw materials or finished product components, transportation resources, workforce availability, or other manufacturing and distribution capability;
•the inability to effectively manage evolving health and welfare strategies, including but not limited to ongoing or not yet fully known costs related to operational adjustments to ensure continued employee and consumer safety and adherence to health guidelines as they are modified and supplemented;
•an inability to effectively modify our trade promotion and advertising activities to reflect changing consumer viewing and shopping habits due to the cancellation or postponement of major sporting and entertainment events, reduced in-store visits, travel restrictions and a shift in customer advertising priorities, among other things;
•the failure of third parties on which we rely, including those third parties who supply our ingredients, packaging, capital equipment and other necessary operating materials, contract manufacturers, distributors, contractors, commercial banks and external business partners, to meet their obligations to the company, or significant disruptions in their ability to do so, which may be caused by their own financial or operational difficulties and may negatively impact our operations; or
•significant changes in the political conditions in markets in which we manufacture, sell or distribute our products, including quarantines, governmental or regulatory actions, closures or other restrictions that limit or close our operating and manufacturing facilities, restrict our employees' ability to travel or perform necessary business functions, or otherwise prevent our third-party partners, suppliers, or customers from sufficiently the hershey company | 2020 form 10-k | page 8
staffing operations, including operations necessary for the production, distribution, sale, and support of our products, which could negatively impact our results.
with respect to covid-19, the situation remains dynamic and subject to rapid and possibly material change. the company's efforts to manage and mitigate these factors may be unsuccessful, and the effectiveness of these efforts depends on factors beyond our control, including the duration and severity of any disease outbreak, as well as third-party actions taken to contain its spread and mitigate public health effects.
risks related to our business and operations our company's reputation or brand image might be impacted as a result of issues or concerns relating to the quality and safety of our products, ingredients or packaging, human and workplace rights, and other environmental, social or governance matters, which in turn could result in litigation or otherwise negatively impact our operating results.
in order to sell our iconic, branded products, we need to maintain a good reputation with our customers, consumers, suppliers, vendors and employees, among others. issues related to the quality and safety of our products, ingredients or packaging could jeopardize our company's image and reputation. we have in the past and may in the future need to recall products if any of our products become unfit for consumption. negative publicity related to these types of concerns, or related to product contamination or product tampering, whether valid or not, could decrease demand for our products or cause production and delivery disruptions. in addition, negative publicity related to our environmental, social or governance practices could also impact our reputation with customers, consumers, suppliers and vendors.
we have in the past and in the future could potentially be subject to litigation or government actions as a result of issues or concerns relating to the quality and safety of our products, ingredients or packaging, human and workplace rights, and other environmental, social or governance matters, which could result in payments of fines or damages. costs associated with these potential actions, as well as the potential impact on our reputation or ability to sell our products, could negatively affect our operating results.
disruption to our manufacturing operations or supply chain could impair our ability to produce or deliver finished products, resulting in a negative impact on our operating results.
approximately 72% of our manufacturing capacity is located in the united states. disruption to our global manufacturing operations or our supply chain could result from, among other factors, the following:
•natural disaster;
•pandemic outbreak of disease;
•climate change and severity of extreme weather;
•fire or explosion;
•terrorism or other acts of violence;
•labor strikes or other labor activities;
•unavailability of raw or packaging materials;
•operational and/or financial instability of key suppliers, and other vendors or service providers; and
•suboptimal production planning which could impact our ability to cost-effectively meet product demand.
we believe that we take adequate precautions to mitigate the impact of possible disruptions. we have strategies and plans in place to manage disruptive events if they were to occur, including our global supply chain strategies and our principle-based global labor relations strategy. if we are unable, or find that it is not financially feasible, to effectively plan for, mitigate or manage operational stability and business resiliency, particularly within our international markets and snacks portfolio, due to the potential impacts of such disruptive events on our manufacturing operations or supply chain, our financial condition and results of operations could be negatively impacted if such events were to occur.
the hershey company | 2020 form 10-k | page 9
we might not be able to hire, engage and retain the talented global workforce we need to drive our growth strategies.
our future success depends upon our ability to identify, hire, develop, engage and retain talented personnel across the globe. competition for global talent is intense, and we might not be able to identify and hire the personnel we need to continue to evolve and grow our business. in particular, if we are unable to hire the right individuals to fill new or existing senior management positions as vacancies arise, our business performance may be impacted.
activities related to identifying, recruiting, hiring and integrating qualified individuals require significant time and attention. we may also need to invest significant amounts of cash and equity to attract talented new employees, and we may never realize returns on these investments.
in addition to hiring new employees, we must continue to focus on retaining and engaging the talented individuals we need to sustain our core business and lead our developing businesses into new markets, channels and categories. this may require significant investments in training, coaching and other career development and retention activities. if we are not able to effectively retain and grow our talent, our ability to achieve our strategic objectives will be adversely affected, which may impact our financial condition and results of operations.
risks related to the industry in which we operate increases in raw material and energy costs along with the availability of adequate supplies of raw materials could affect future financial results.
we use many different commodities for our business, including cocoa products, sugar, corn products, dairy products, peanuts, almonds, natural gas and diesel fuel.
commodities are subject to price volatility and changes in supply caused by numerous factors, including:
•commodity market fluctuations;
•currency exchanges rates;
•imbalances between supply and demand;
•the effects of climate change and extreme weather on crop yield and quality;
•speculative influences;
•trade agreements among producing and consuming nations;
•supplier compliance with commitments;
•import/export requirements for raw materials and finished goods;
•political unrest in producing countries;
•introduction of living income premiums or similar requirements; and
•changes in governmental agricultural programs and energy policies.
although we use forward contracts and commodity futures and options contracts where possible to hedge commodity prices, commodity price increases ultimately result in corresponding increases in our raw material and energy costs. if we are unable to offset cost increases for major raw materials and energy, there could be a negative impact on our financial condition and results of operations.
price increases may not be sufficient to offset cost increases and maintain profitability or may result in sales volume declines associated with pricing elasticity.
we may be able to pass some or all raw material, energy and other input cost increases to customers by increasing the selling prices of our products or decreasing the size of our products; however, higher product prices or decreased product sizes may also result in a reduction in sales volume and/or consumption. if we are not able to increase our selling prices or reduce product sizes sufficiently, or in a timely manner, to offset increased raw material, energy or other input costs, including packaging, freight, direct labor, overhead and employee benefits, or if our sales volume decreases significantly, there could be a negative impact on our financial condition and results of operations.
the hershey company | 2020 form 10-k | page 10
market demand for new and existing products could decline.
we operate in highly competitive markets and rely on continued demand for our products. to generate revenues and profits, we must sell products that appeal to our customers and to consumers. our continued success is impacted by many factors, including the following:
•effective retail execution;
•appropriate advertising campaigns and marketing programs;
•our ability to secure adequate shelf space at retail locations;
•our ability to drive sustainable innovation and maintain a strong pipeline of new products in the confectionery and broader snacking categories;
•changes in product category consumption;
•our response to consumer demographics and trends, including but not limited to, trends relating to store trips and the impact of the growing digital commerce channel; and
•consumer health concerns, including obesity and the consumption of certain ingredients.
there continues to be competitive product and pricing pressures in the markets where we operate, as well as challenges in maintaining profit margins. we must maintain mutually beneficial relationships with our key customers, including retailers and distributors, to compete effectively. our largest customer, mclane company, inc., accounted for approximately 31% of our total net sales in 2020. mclane company, inc. is one of the largest wholesale distributors in the united states to convenience stores, drug stores, wholesale clubs and mass merchandisers, including wal-mart stores, inc.
increased marketplace competition could hurt our business.
the global confectionery packaged goods industry is intensely competitive and consolidation in this industry continues. some of our competitors are large companies that have significant resources and substantial international operations. we continue to experience increased levels of in-store activity for other snack items, which has pressured confectionery category growth. in order to protect our existing market share or capture increased market share in this highly competitive retail environment, we may be required to increase expenditures for promotions and advertising, and must continue to introduce and establish new products. due to inherent risks in the marketplace associated with advertising and new product introductions, including uncertainties about trade and consumer acceptance, increased expenditures may not prove successful in maintaining or enhancing our market share and could result in lower sales and profits. in addition, we may incur increased credit and other business risks because we operate in a highly competitive retail environment.
risks related to strategic initiatives our financial results may be adversely impacted by the failure to successfully execute or integrate acquisitions, divestitures and joint ventures.
from time to time, we may evaluate potential acquisitions, divestitures or joint ventures that align with our strategic objectives. the success of such activity depends, in part, upon our ability to identify suitable buyers, sellers or business partners; perform effective assessments prior to contract execution; negotiate contract terms; and, if applicable, obtain government approval. these activities may present certain financial, managerial, staffing and talent, and operational risks, including diversion of management's attention from existing core businesses; difficulties integrating or separating businesses from existing operations; and challenges presented by acquisitions or joint ventures which may not achieve sales levels and profitability that justify the investments made. if the acquisitions, divestitures or joint ventures are not successfully implemented or completed, there could be a negative impact on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
the hershey company | 2020 form 10-k | page 11
in 2020, we successfully completed the divestitures of krave and the scharffen berger and dagoba brands as we better prioritize resources against assets and brands that fit our business model and scale capabilities. additionally, over the last several years, we have continued to invest in our snacks portfolio, specifically with the acquisitions of one brands, llc in september 2019, pirate brands in october 2018 and amplify snack brands, inc. in january 2018, respectively. while we believe significant operating synergies can be obtained in connection with these acquisitions, achievement of these synergies will be driven by our ability to successfully leverage hershey's resources, expertise, capability-building, distribution locations and customer base. in addition, these acquisitions are important steps in our journey to expand our breadth in snacking, as they should enable us to bring scale and category management capabilities to a key sub-segment of the warehouse snack aisle. if we are unable to successfully couple hershey's scale and expertise in brand building with one brands, pirate brands and amplify's existing operations, it may impact our ability to expand our snacking footprint at our desired pace.
our international operations may not achieve projected growth objectives, which could adversely impact our overall business and results of operations.
in 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively, we derived approximately 13.6%, 15.8% and 16.1% of our net sales from customers located outside of the united states. additionally, approximately 20% of our total long-lived assets were located outside of the united states as of december 31, 2020. as part of our strategy, we have made investments outside of the united states, particularly in canada, malaysia, mexico, brazil and india. as a result, we are subject to risks and uncertainties relating to international sales and operations, including:
•the inability to manage operational stability and business resiliency within our international markets due to unforeseen global economic and environmental changes resulting in business interruption, supply constraints, inflation, deflation or decreased demand;
•the inability to establish, develop and achieve market acceptance of our global brands in international markets;
•difficulties and costs associated with compliance and enforcement of remedies under a wide variety of complex laws, treaties and regulations;
•unexpected changes in regulatory environments;
•political and economic instability, including the possibility of civil unrest, terrorism, mass violence or armed conflict;
•nationalization of our properties by foreign governments;
•tax rates that may exceed those in the united states and earnings that may be subject to withholding requirements and incremental taxes upon repatriation;
•potentially negative consequences from changes in tax laws;
•the imposition of tariffs, quotas, trade barriers, other trade protection measures and import or export licensing requirements;
•increased costs, disruptions in shipping or reduced availability of freight transportation;
•the impact of currency exchange rate fluctuations between the u.s. dollar and foreign currencies;
•failure to gain sufficient profitable scale in certain international markets resulting in an inability to cover manufacturing fixed costs or resulting in losses from impairment or sale of assets; and
•failure to recruit, retain and build a talented and engaged global workforce.
if we are not able to achieve our projected international growth objectives and mitigate the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with our international operations, there could be a negative impact on our financial condition and results of operations.
the hershey company | 2020 form 10-k | page 12
we may not fully realize the expected costs savings and/or operating efficiencies associated with our strategic initiatives or restructuring programs, which may have an adverse impact on our business.
we depend on our ability to evolve and grow, and as changes in our business environment occur, we may adjust our business plans by introducing new strategic initiatives or restructuring programs to meet these changes. recently introduced strategic initiatives include our efforts to continue to expand our presence in digital commerce, to transform our manufacturing, commercial and corporate operations through digital technologies and to enhance our data analytics capabilities to develop new commercial insights.  if we are not able to capture our share of the expanding digital commerce market, if we do not adequately leverage technology to improve operating efficiencies or if we are unable to develop the data analytics capabilities needed to generate actionable commercial insights, our business performance may be impacted, which may negatively impact our financial condition and results of operations.
additionally, from time to time we implement business realignment activities to support key strategic initiatives designed to maintain long-term sustainable growth, such as the international optimization program, which we commenced in the fourth quarter of 2020 and the margin for growth program we commenced in the first quarter of 2017 and subsequently completed in mid-2020. these programs are intended to increase our operating effectiveness and efficiency, to reduce our costs and/or to generate savings that can be reinvested in other areas of our business. we cannot guarantee that we will be able to successfully implement these strategic initiatives and restructuring programs, that we will achieve or sustain the intended benefits under these programs, or that the benefits, even if achieved, will be adequate to meet our long-term growth and profitability expectations, which could in turn adversely affect our business.
risks related to governmental and regulatory changes changes in governmental laws and regulations could increase our costs and liabilities or impact demand for our products.
changes in laws and regulations and the manner in which they are interpreted or applied may alter our business environment. these negative impacts could result from changes in food and drug laws, laws related to advertising and marketing practices, accounting standards, taxation requirements, competition laws, employment laws, import/export requirements and environmental laws, among others. it is possible that we could become subject to additional liabilities in the future resulting from changes in laws and regulations that could result in an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
political, economic and/or financial market conditions could negatively impact our financial results.
our operations are impacted by consumer spending levels and impulse purchases, which are affected by general macroeconomic conditions, consumer confidence, employment levels, the availability of consumer credit and interest rates on that credit, consumer debt levels, energy costs and other factors. volatility in food and energy costs, sustained global recessions, broad political instability, rising unemployment, pandemic outbreak of disease, climate change, weather, natural and other disasters and declines in personal spending could adversely impact our revenues, profitability and financial condition.
changes in financial market conditions may make it difficult to access credit markets on commercially acceptable terms, which may reduce liquidity or increase borrowing costs for our company, our customers and our suppliers. a significant reduction in liquidity could increase counterparty risk associated with certain suppliers and service providers, resulting in disruption to our supply chain and/or higher costs, and could impact our customers, resulting in a reduction in our revenue, or a possible increase in bad debt expense.
the hershey company | 2020 form 10-k | page 13
risks related to digital transformation, cybersecurity and data privacy disruptions, failures or security breaches of our information technology infrastructure could have a negative impact on our operations.
information technology is critically important to our business operations. we use information technology to manage all business processes including manufacturing, financial, logistics, sales, marketing and administrative functions. these processes collect, interpret and distribute business data and communicate internally and externally with employees, suppliers, customers and others.
we are regularly the target of attempted cyber and other security threats.  therefore, we continuously monitor and update our information technology networks and infrastructure to prevent, detect, address and mitigate the risk of unauthorized access, misuse, computer viruses and other events that could have a security impact. we invest in industry standard security technology to protect the company's data and business processes against risk of data security breach and cyber attack. our data security management program includes identity, trust, vulnerability and threat management business processes as well as adoption of standard data protection policies. we measure our data security effectiveness through industry-accepted methods and remediate significant findings. additionally, we certify our major technology suppliers and any outsourced services through accepted security certification standards. we maintain and routinely test backup systems and disaster recovery, along with external network security penetration testing by an independent third party as part of our business resiliency preparedness. we also have processes in place to prevent disruptions resulting from our implementation of new software and systems.
while we have been subject to cyber attacks and other security breaches, these incidents did not have a significant impact on our business operations. we believe our security technology tools and processes provide adequate measures of protection against security breaches and in reducing cybersecurity risks. nevertheless, despite continued vigilance in these areas, disruptions in or failures of information technology systems are possible and could have a negative impact on our operations or business reputation. failure of our systems, including failures due to cyber attacks that would prevent the ability of systems to function as intended, could cause transaction errors, loss of customers and sales, and could have negative consequences to our company, our employees and those with whom we do business. this in turn could have a negative impact on our financial condition and results or operations. in addition, the cost to remediate any damages to our information technology systems suffered as a result of a cyber attack could be significant.
complications with the design or implementation of our new enterprise resource planning system could adversely impact our business and operations.
we rely extensively on information systems and technology to manage our business and summarize operating results. we are in the process of a multi-year implementation of a new global enterprise resource planning ("erp") system. this erp system will replace our existing operating and financial systems. the erp system is designed to accurately maintain the company's financial records, enhance operational functionality and provide timely information to the company's management team related to the operation of the business. the erp system implementation process has required, and will continue to require, the investment of significant personnel and financial resources. we may not be able to successfully implement the erp system without experiencing further delays, increased costs and other difficulties. we selectively paused certain aspects of the erp system implementation due to resource constraints and challenges associated with the critical design phase during these uncertain times. we expect this to delay our overall erp implementation by approximately one year. if we are unable to successfully design and implement the new erp system as planned, our financial positions, results of operations and cash flows could be negatively impacted. additionally, if we do not effectively implement the erp system as planned or the erp system does not operate as intended, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting could be adversely affected or our ability to assess those controls adequately could be further delayed.
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations this management's discussion and analysis ("md&a") is intended to provide an understanding of hershey's financial condition, results of operations and cash flows by focusing on changes in certain key measures from year to year. the md&a should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k. this discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those discussed elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k, particularly in item 1a. "risk factors."
the md&a is organized in the following sections:
•business model and growth strategy
•overview
•trends affecting our business
•consolidated results of operations
•segment results
•liquidity and capital resources
•critical accounting policies and estimates business model and growth strategy we are the largest producer of quality chocolate in north america, a leading snack maker in the united states and a global leader in chocolate and non-chocolate confectionery. we report our operations through two segments: north america and international and other.
our vision is to be an innovative snacking powerhouse. we aspire to be a leader in meeting consumers' evolving snacking needs while strengthening the capabilities that drive our growth. we are focused on four strategic imperatives to ensure the company's success now and in the future:
•drive core confection business and broaden participation in snacking. we continue to be the undisputed leader in u.s. confection by taking actions to deepen our consumer connections and utilize our beloved brands to deliver meaningful innovation, while also diversifying our portfolio to capture profitable and incremental growth across the broader snacking continuum.
◦our products frequently play an important role in special moments among family and friends. seasons are an important part of our business model and for consumers, they are highly anticipated, cherished times, centered around traditions. for us, it's an opportunity for our brands to be part of many connections during the year when family and friends gather.
◦innovation is an important lever in this variety seeking category and we are leveraging work from our proprietary demand landscape analytical tool to shape our future innovation and make it more impactful. we are becoming more disciplined in our focus on platform innovation, which should enable sustainable growth over time and significant extensions to our core.
◦to expand our breadth in snacking, we are focused on expanding the boundaries of our core confection brands to capture new snacking occasions and increasing our exposure into new snack categories through acquisitions. our expansion into snacking is being fueled by the recent acquisitions of one brands in september 2019, pirate brands in october 2018 and amplify in january 2018.
•deliver profitable international growth. we are focused on ensuring that we efficiently allocate our resources to the areas with the highest potential for profitable growth. we have reset our international investment strategy, while holding fast to our belief that our targeted emerging market strategy will deliver long-term, profitable growth. the uncertain macroeconomic environment in many of these markets is expected to continue and we aim to ensure our investments in these international markets are appropriate relative to the size of the opportunity.
the hershey company | 2020 form 10-k | page 20
•expand competitive advantage through differentiated capabilities. in order to generate actionable insights, we must acquire, integrate, access and utilize vast sources of the right data in an effective manner. we are working to leverage our advanced data and analytical techniques to gain a deep understanding of our consumers, our customers, our shoppers, our end-to-end supply chain, our retail environment and key economic drivers at both a macro and precision level, including digital transformation and new media models. in addition, we are in the process of transforming our supply chain capabilities and enterprise resource planning system, which will enable employees to work more efficiently and effectively.
•responsibly manage our operations to ensure the long-term sustainability of our business, our planet and our people. we are a purpose-driven company and for more than a century, our iconic brands have been built on a foundation of community investment and connections between people around the world. we could not have achieved this without our remarkable employees who make our purpose a reality. we believe our long-standing values make our company a special place to work.
◦we believe our employees are among our most important resources and are critical to our continued success. our annual many voices, one hershey survey reaches all of our employees around the world to solicit their thoughts on the company's direction and their place in it. post-survey action planning has resulted in changes to our decision-making processes and significantly improved annual survey scores over time. we also use surveys throughout the year to engage our employees on the company's strategy, initiatives and leadership.
◦our diverse and inclusive culture makes the difference across all areas of the business. our gender representation includes women occupying many of the top positions in the company, including chief executive officer and chairman of the board, and chief growth officer, and approximately 50% representation across the company. across the salaried workforce in the united states, we paid women $1.00 on the dollar compared to men.
◦we have made strong progress on our environmental, social and governance ("esg") priorities and continue to elevate these esg initiatives for a greater global impact. while we focus on sustainability and social impact across our value chain, we continue to improve and focus on the lives of cocoa farmers and cocoa communities, the environmental priorities of climate change and the role of packaging in our business, responsibly and sustainably sourcing the inputs to our products and increasing investments in human rights and diversity initiatives and growing diverse representation across the organization.
overview hershey is a global confectionery leader known for bringing goodness to the world through chocolate, sweets, mints, gum and other great tasting snacks. we are the largest producer of quality chocolate in north america, a leading snack maker in the united states and a global leader in chocolate and non-chocolate confectionery. we market, sell and distribute our products under more than 90 brand names in approximately 85 countries worldwide.
our principal product offerings include chocolate and non-chocolate confectionery products; gum and mint refreshment products; pantry items, such as baking ingredients, toppings and beverages; and snack items such as spreads, meat snacks, bars and snack bites and mixes, popcorn and protein bars and cookies.
business acquisitions and divestitures in october 2020, we entered into a definitive agreement to divest lotte shanghai foods co., ltd. ("lsfc"). the sale of lsfc was completed in january 2021 and was previously included within the international and other segment results in our consolidated financial statements. additionally, during the second quarter of 2020, we completed the divestitures of krave and the scharffen berger and dagoba brands, all of which were previously included within the north america segment results in our consolidated financial statements.
in september 2019, we completed the acquisition of one brands, previously a privately held company that sells a line of low-sugar, high-protein nutrition bars to retailers and distributors in the united states, with the one bar as its primary product. the acquisition complements our existing snacking businesses acquired in 2018.
in october 2018, we completed the acquisition of pirate brands, which includes the pirate's booty, smart puffs and original tings brands, from b&g foods, inc. pirate brands offers baked, trans fat free and gluten free snacks and is available in a wide range of food distribution channels in the united states.
the hershey company | 2020 form 10-k | page 21
in january 2018, we completed the acquisition of all of the outstanding shares of amplify, a publicly traded company based in austin, texas that owns several popular better-for-you snack brands such as skinnypop, oatmega and paqui. the acquisition enables us to capture more consumer snacking occasions by creating a broader portfolio of brands.
trends affecting our business on march 11, 2020, the world health organization designated the novel coronavirus, covid-19, as a global pandemic. covid-19 was first detected in wuhan city, hubei province, china and continued to spread, significantly impacting various markets around the world, including the u.s. various policies and initiatives have been implemented to reduce the global transmission of covid-19.
local, state and national governments continue to emphasize the importance of food supply during this pandemic and asked that food manufacturers and retailers remain open to meet the needs of our communities. employee safety is our first priority, and as a result, we put preparedness plans in place at our manufacturing facilities. our manufacturing facilities are currently open; however, we have adjusted shift schedules, enforced social distancing, increased sanitation and adjusted time and attendance policies for worker absenteeism. our sales teams continue to support community food supplies, while adhering to social distancing guidelines, implementing flexible hours, reducing person-to-person interaction and increasing safety measures. at the onset of the pandemic, the company temporarily closed all hershey's chocolate world stores in the u.s. (3 locations), niagara falls (ontario) and singapore; however, since july, all locations were re-opened on a limited capacity basis with increased safety measures and enforced social distancing.
in june, we commenced a phased in approach to reopen our corporate headquarters in hershey, pennsylvania and other select offices with increased safety protocols. we have successfully onboarded several teams; however, occupancy levels remain low as we continue to monitor the latest covid-19 related public health and government guidance. as a result, a majority of our office-based employees continue to work remotely where possible. we have crisis management teams in place to monitor the continually evolving situation and recommending risk mitigation actions as deemed necessary. to date, there has been minimal disruption to our supply chain network, including the supply of our ingredients, packaging or other sourced materials, though it is possible that more significant disruptions could occur if the covid-19 pandemic continues to impact markets around the world. we are also working closely with our business units, contract manufacturers, distributors, contractors and other external business partners to minimize the potential impact on our business.
we believe we have sufficient liquidity to satisfy our cash needs; however, we continue to evaluate and take action, as necessary, to preserve adequate liquidity and ensure that our business can continue to operate during these uncertain times. our most recent liquidity measures include the $1 billion notes issuance in may 2020 with varying rates ranging from 0.900% to 2.650% and maturity dates ranging from 2025 to 2050. additionally, we continue to limit discretionary spending across the organization and re-prioritize our capital projects amid the covid-19 pandemic. we plan to move forward with our new global erp system implementation and supply chain capacity projects, as these investments are of strategic importance to our long-term growth. however, as previously announced, we did selectively pause certain aspects of the erp system implementation due to resource constraints and challenges associated with the critical design phase during these uncertain times. we expect this to delay our overall erp implementation by approximately one year.
in late may and early june, many state governments began a phased reopening of their economies. these phased approaches promoted limited food service offerings, outdoor dining, increased travel and the reopening of retailing establishments while imposing new guidelines and enhanced safety measures, including social distancing and face mask protocols. as a result, we experienced an increase in our net sales and income during 2020. unfavorable impacts from covid-19 were primarily limited to our international and other segment (see segment results included in this md&a). we believe the financial impacts from covid-19 are temporary in nature and do not significantly affect our business model and growth strategy.
while recent reopening approaches have made a short-term positive impact on local and state economies and the u.s. unemployment rate, certain states have modified reopening plans as new cases of covid-19 have led to new trends in outbreaks and hotspots. based on the length and severity of covid-19, including the distribution of vaccinations, we may experience continued volatility in retail foot traffic, consumer shopping and consumption behavior. we will the hershey company | 2020 form 10-k | page 22
continue to evaluate the nature and extent of these potential impacts to our business, consolidated results of operations, segment results, liquidity and capital resources.
consolidated results of operations percent change for the years ended december 31,                                                              2020                                  2019                                  2018                           2020 vs 2019                           2019 vs 2018
in millions of dollars except per share amounts net sales                                                                           $8,149.7                              $7,986.3                              $7,791.1                                   2.0      %                             2.5      %
cost of sales                                                                        4,448.5                               4,363.8                               4,215.7                                   1.9      %                             3.5      %
gross profit                                                                         3,701.2                               3,622.5                               3,575.4                                   2.2      %                             1.3      %
gross margin                                                                            45.4     %                            45.4     %                            45.9     %
sm&amp;a expense                                                                     1,890.9                               1,905.9                               1,874.8                                 (0.8)      %                             1.7      %
sm&amp;a expense as a percent of net sales                                              23.2     %                                 23.9%                                 24.1%
long-lived and intangible asset impairment charges                                       9.1                                 112.5                                  57.7                                (91.9)      %                            94.9      %
business realignment costs                                                              18.5                                   8.1                                  19.1                                 128.1      %                          (57.5)      %
operating profit                                                                     1,782.7                               1,596.0                               1,623.8                                  11.7      %                           (1.7)      %
operating profit margin                                                                 21.9     %                            20.0     %                            20.8     %
interest expense, net                                                                  149.4                                 144.1                                 138.8                                   3.6      %                             3.8      %
other (income) expense, net                                                            138.3                                  71.1                                  74.8                                  94.7      %                           (5.0)      %
provision for income taxes                                                             219.6                                 234.0                                 239.0                                 (6.2)      %                           (2.1)      %
effective income tax rate                                                               14.7     %                            16.9     %                            17.0     %
net income including noncontrolling interest                                         1,275.4                               1,146.8                               1,171.2                                  11.2      %                           (2.1)      %
less: net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest                                 (3.3)                                 (2.9)                                 (6.5)                                  12.1      %                          (54.8)      %
net income attributable to the hershey company                                            $1,278.7                              $1,149.7                              $1,177.7                            11.2      %                           (2.4)      %
net income per share-diluted                                                                 $6.11                                 $5.46                                 $5.58                            11.9      %                           (2.2)      %
note: percentage changes may not compute directly as shown due to rounding of amounts presented above.
net sales
2020 compared with 2019
net sales increased 2.0% in 2020 compared with 2019, reflecting a favorable price realization of 2.3% due to higher prices on certain products and a 0.5% benefit from net acquisitions and divestitures (predominantly driven by the 2019 acquisition of one brands, partially offset by the 2020 divestitures of krave and the scharffen berger and dagoba brands). these increases were partially offset by an unfavorable impact from foreign currency exchange rates of 0.5% and a volume decrease of 0.3% due to the impact of covid-19 on sales in our international markets, as well as declines in owned retail and world travel retail and elasticity-driven impacts due to price increases on certain products.
2019 compared with 2018
net sales increased 2.5% in 2019 compared with 2018, reflecting a favorable price realization of 1.7% due to higher prices on certain products, a 1.0% benefit from net acquisitions and divestitures (predominantly driven by the 2019 acquisition of one brands and the 2018 acquisition of pirate brands, partially offset by 2018 divestitures) and a volume increase of 0.1%, partially offset by an unfavorable impact from foreign currency exchange rates of 0.3%. excluding foreign currency, our 2019 net sales increased 2.8%. consolidated volumes increased due to solid marketplace growth in select international markets.
the hershey company | 2020 form 10-k | page 23
key u.s. marketplace metrics for the full year 2020, our total u.s. retail takeaway increased 5.3% in the expanded multi-outlet combined plus convenience store channels (iri mulo + c-stores), which includes candy, mint, gum, salty snacks, meat snacks and grocery items. our u.s. candy, mint and gum ("cmg") consumer takeaway increased 4.9%, resulting in a cmg market share gain of approximately 159 basis points.
the cmg consumer takeaway and market share information reflect measured channels of distribution accounting for approximately 90% of our u.s. confectionery retail business. these channels of distribution primarily include food, drug, mass merchandisers, and convenience store channels, plus wal-mart stores, inc., partial dollar, club and military channels. these metrics are based on measured market scanned purchases as reported by information resources, incorporated ("iri"), the company's market insights and analytics provider, and provide a means to assess our retail takeaway and market position relative to the overall category.
cost of sales and gross margin
2020 compared with 2019
cost of sales increased 1.9% in 2020 compared with 2019. the increase in cost of sales was attributed to higher freight and logistics costs and additional plant costs, specifically, ppe costs, increased sanitation and wage incentives associated with covid-19. additionally, the increase was driven by an incremental $28.9 million of unfavorable mark-to-market activity on our commodity derivative instruments. these derivative instruments are intended to economically hedge future years' commodity purchases; however, they were significantly impacted by financial market volatility during 2020. these drivers were partially offset by favorable price realization and favorable supply chain productivity gross margin remained the same in 2020 compared with 2019. increases were driven by the higher freight and logistics costs, additional plant costs, and unfavorable year-over-year mark-to-market impact from commodity derivative instruments. these factors were offset by favorable price realization and supply chain productivity.
2019 compared with 2018
cost of sales increased 3.5% in 2019 compared with 2018. the increase was driven by higher freight and logistics costs, additional plant costs, and an incremental $33.9 million unfavorable impact from marking-to-market our commodity derivative instruments intended to economically hedge future years' commodity purchases. these drivers were partially offset by favorable supply chain productivity.
gross margin decreased by 50 basis points in 2019 compared with 2018. the decrease was driven primarily by to the higher freight and logistics costs, additional plant costs, and the unfavorable year-over-year mark-to-market impact from commodity derivative instruments. these factors were partially offset by supply chain productivity, price realization, and favorable product mix.
selling, marketing and administrative
2020 compared with 2019
selling, marketing and administrative ("sm&a") expenses decreased $15.0 million or 0.8% in 2020. total advertising and related consumer marketing expenses decreased 2.0% driven by media cost efficiencies and select brand investment optimization related to covid-19 in international and other segments. sm&a expenses, excluding advertising and related consumer marketing, decreased approximately 0.1% in 2020 due to savings in travel and meeting expenses related to covid-19 travel restrictions and project timing shifts.
2019 compared with 2018
sm&a expenses increased $31.1 million or 1.7% in 2019. total advertising and related consumer marketing expenses increased 4.2% driven by advertising increases in north america. sm&a expenses, excluding advertising and related consumer marketing, increased approximately 0.2% in 2019 due to incremental expenses from pirate brands and one brands, as well as higher employee related compensation, which more than offset reductions in our base spending from the margin for growth program.
the hershey company | 2020 form 10-k | page 24
long-lived and intangible asset impairment charges we recorded the following impairment charges:
for the year ended december 31,                                                  2020                       2019   2018
in millions of dollars adjustment to disposal group (1)                                              $6.2                       $2.7               $57.7
other asset write-down (2)                                                     2.9                          -               -
customer relationship and trademark intangible assets (3)                        -                      100.1               -
other long-lived assets not held for sale (4)                                    -                        9.7               -
long-lived and intangible asset impairment charges                            $9.1                     $112.5               $57.7
(1)in connection with our disposal group classified as held for sale, during 2020 and 2019, we recorded impairment charges to adjust long-lived asset values. the fair value of the disposal group was supported by potential sales prices with third-party buyers. the sale of the lsfc joint venture (disposal group) was completed in january 2021. in 2018, we recorded impairment charges totaling $57.7 million to adjust the long-lived asset values within certain disposal groups, including the shanghai golden monkey ("sgm") and tyrrells businesses, the lsfc joint venture and other assets. these charges represent the excess of the disposal groups' carrying values, including the related currency translation adjustment amounts realized or to be realized upon completion of the sales, over the sales values less costs to sell for the respective businesses. the fair values of the disposal groups were supported by the sales prices paid by third-party buyers or estimated sales prices based on marketing of the disposal group, when the sale has not yet been completed. the sales of sgm and tyrrells were both completed in july 2018.
(2)in connection with a previous sale, the company wrote-down certain receivables deemed uncollectible.
(3)during the fourth quarter of 2019, we recorded impairment charges to write down customer relationship and trademark intangible assets associated with krave. these charges were determined by comparing the fair value of the asset group to its carrying value. we used various valuation techniques to determine fair value, with the primary techniques being discounted cash flow analysis and relief-from-royalty valuation approaches, which use significant unobservable inputs, or level 3 inputs, as defined by the fair value hierarchy.
(4)during 2019, we recorded impairment charges predominantly comprised of select long-lived assets that had not yet met the held for sale criteria. the fair value of these assets was supported by potential sales prices with third-party buyers and market analysis.
the assessment of the valuation of goodwill and other long-lived assets is based on management estimates and assumptions, as discussed in our critical accounting policies included in item 7 of this annual report on form 10-k. these estimates and assumptions are subject to change due to changing economic and competitive conditions.
business realignment activities we periodically undertake business realignment activities designed to increase our efficiency and focus our business in support of our key growth strategies. in 2020, 2019 and 2018, we recorded business realignment costs of $18.5 million, $8.1 million and $19.1 million, respectively. the 2020 costs related primarily to the international optimization program, a program focused on optimizing our china operating model to improve our operational efficiency and provide for a strong, sustainable and simplified base going forward. the 2019 and 2018 costs related primarily to the margin for growth program, a program focused on improving global efficiency and effectiveness, optimizing the company's supply chain, streamlining the company's operating model and reducing administrative expenses to generate long-term savings. costs associated with business realignment activities are classified in our consolidated statements of income as described in note 9 to the consolidated financial statements.
the hershey company | 2020 form 10-k | page 25
operating profit and operating profit margin
2020 compared with 2019
operating profit increased 11.7% in 2020 compared with 2019 due primarily to higher gross profit, lower sm&a and lower impairment charges, partially offset by higher business realignment costs in the 2020 period, as noted above. operating profit margin increased to 21.9% in 2020 from 20.0% in 2019 driven by these same factors.
2019 compared with 2018
operating profit decreased 1.7% in 2019 compared with 2018 due primarily to higher impairment charges and higher sm&a, partially offset by higher gross profit and lower business realignment costs in the 2019 period, as noted above. operating profit margin decreased to 20.0% in 2019 from 20.8% in 2018 driven by these same factors.
interest expense, net
2020 compared with 2019
net interest expense was $5.2 million higher in 2020 than in 2019. the increase was due to higher long-term debt balances in 2020 versus 2019, specifically due to $1.0 billion of notes issued in october 2019 and $1.0 billion of notes issued in may 2020.
2019 compared with 2018
net interest expense was $5.3 million higher in 2019 than in 2018. the increase was due to a higher average long-term debt balance in 2019 versus 2018.
other (income) expense, net
2020 compared with 2019
other (income) expense, net totaled an expense of $138.3 million in 2020 versus an expense of $71.1 million in 2019. the increase in the net expense was primarily due to higher write-downs on equity investments qualifying for federal solar tax credits, partially offset by lower non-service cost components of net periodic benefit cost relating to pension and other post-retirement benefit plans during 2020 compared to the 2019 period.
2019 compared with 2018
other (income) expense, net totaled an expense of $71.1 million in 2019 versus an expense of $74.8 million 2018. the decrease in the net expense was primarily due to lower other non-operating losses during 2019 compared to the 2018 period.
income taxes and effective tax rate
2020 compared with 2019
our effective income tax rate was 14.7% for 2020 compared with 16.9% for 2019. relative to the 21% statutory rate, the 2020 effective tax rate benefited from investment tax credits and the benefit of employee share-based payments, partially offset by state taxes. the 2019 effective rate, relative to the 21% statutory rate was impacted by changes to foreign valuation allowances, a favorable foreign rate differential, investment tax credits and the benefit of employee share-based payment, which were partially offset by the impact of state taxes.
2019 compared with 2018
our effective income tax rate was 16.9% for 2019 compared with 17.0% for 2018. relative to the 21% statutory rate, the 2019 effective tax rate was impacted by changes to foreign valuation allowances, a favorable foreign rate differential, investment tax credits and the benefit of employee share-based payments, which were partially offset by the impact of state taxes. the 2018 effective rate, relative to the 21% statutory rate, benefited from a favorable foreign rate differential and investment tax credits, which were partially offset by the impact of state taxes.
the hershey company | 2020 form 10-k | page 26
net income attributable to the hershey company and earnings per share-diluted
2020 compared with 2019
net income increased $129.0 million, or 11.2%, while eps-diluted increased $0.65, or 11.9%, in 2020 compared with 2019. the increase in both net income and eps-diluted was driven primarily by higher gross profit, lower sm&a, lower impairment charges, and lower income taxes in 2020, partially offset by higher other income and expenses, higher business realignment costs, and higher interest expense. our 2020 eps-diluted also benefited from lower weighted-average shares outstanding as a result of share repurchases pursuant to our board-approved repurchase programs.
2019 compared with 2018
net income decreased $27.9 million, or 2.4%, while eps-diluted decreased $0.12, or 2.2%, in 2019 compared with 2018. the decrease in both net income and eps-diluted was driven primarily by higher impairment charges and sm&a in 2019, partially offset by higher gross profit, lower business realignment costs and lower income taxes. our 2019 eps-diluted also benefited from lower weighted-average shares outstanding as a result of share repurchases pursuant to our board-approved repurchase programs.
the hershey company | 2020 form 10-k | page 27
segment results the summary that follows provides a discussion of the results of operations of our two reportable segments: north america and international and other. the segments reflect our operations on a geographic basis. for segment reporting purposes, we use "segment income" to evaluate segment performance and allocate resources. segment income excludes unallocated general corporate administrative expenses, unallocated mark-to-market gains and losses on commodity derivatives, business realignment and impairment charges, acquisition-related costs and other unusual gains or losses that are not part of our measurement of segment performance. these items of our operating income are largely managed centrally at the corporate level and are excluded from the measure of segment income reviewed by the codm and used for resource allocation and internal management reporting and performance evaluation. segment income and segment income margin, which are presented in the segment discussion that follows, are non-gaap measures and do not purport to be alternatives to operating income as a measure of operating performance. we believe that these measures are useful to investors and other users of our financial information in evaluating ongoing operating profitability as well as in evaluating operating performance in relation to our competitors, as they exclude the activities that are not directly attributable to our ongoing segment operations.
our segment results, including a reconciliation to our consolidated results, were as follows:
for the years ended december 31,                                                                          2020                         2019                         2018
in millions of dollars net sales:
north america                                                                                      $7,416.7                     $7,081.8                     $6,901.6
international and other                                                                               733.0                        904.5                        889.5
total                                                                                              $8,149.7                     $7,986.3                     $7,791.1
segment income:
north america                                                                                      $2,321.8                     $2,125.9                     $2,020.1
international and other                                                                                28.6                         95.7                         73.8
total segment income                                                                                2,350.4                      2,221.6                      2,093.9
unallocated corporate expense (1)                                                                     520.7                        532.6                        528.9
unallocated mark-to-market losses (gains) on commodity derivatives (2)                                  6.4                       (28.6)                      (168.3)
long-lived and intangible asset impairment charges                                                      9.1                        112.5                         57.8
costs associated with business realignment activities                                                  31.5                          9.2                         51.8
operating profit                                                                                    1,782.7                      1,595.9                      1,623.7
interest expense, net                                                                                 149.4                        144.1                        138.8
other (income) expense, net                                                                           138.3                         71.0                         74.8
income before income taxes                                                                         $1,495.0                     $1,380.8                     $1,410.1
(1)includes centrally-managed (a) corporate functional costs relating to legal, treasury, finance and human resources, (b) expenses associated with the oversight and administration of our global operations, including warehousing, distribution and manufacturing, information systems and global shared services, (c) non-cash stock-based compensation expense, (d) acquisition-related costs, and (e) other gains or losses that are not integral to segment performance.
(2)net losses (gains) on mark-to-market valuation of commodity derivative positions recognized in unallocated derivative losses (gains). see note 13 to the consolidated financial statements.
the hershey company | 2020 form 10-k | page 28
north america the north america segment is responsible for our chocolate and non-chocolate confectionery market position, as well as our grocery and growing snacks market positions, in the united states and canada. this includes developing and growing our business in chocolate and non-chocolate confectionery, pantry, food service and other snacking product lines. north america accounted for 91.0%, 88.7% and 88.6% of our net sales in 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. north america results for the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018 were as follows:
percent change for the years ended december 31,                           2020                       2019                       2018                  2020 vs 2019                     2019 vs 2018
in millions of dollars net sales                                          $7,416.7                   $7,081.8                   $6,901.6                        4.7      %                       2.6      %
segment income                                      2,321.8                    2,125.9                    2,020.1                        9.2      %                       5.2      %
segment margin                                         31.3   %                   30.0   %                   29.3   %
2020 compared with 2019
net sales of our north america segment increased $334.9 million or 4.7% in 2020 compared to 2019, reflecting favorable price realization of 2.8% attributed to higher prices on certain products, a volume increase of 1.4% due to an increase in everyday core u.s. confection brands and our snacks portfolio and a 0.6% benefit from net acquisitions and divestitures (predominantly driven by the 2019 acquisition of one brands, partially offset by the 2020 divestitures of krave and the scharffen berger and dagoba brands). these increases were partially offset by an unfavorable impact from foreign currency exchange rates of 0.1%.
our north america segment income increased $195.9 million or 9.2% in 2020 compared to 2019, primarily due to favorable price realization and volume increases, partially offset by higher supply chain-related costs, specifically, ppe costs, increased sanitation and wage incentives associated with covid-19.
2019 compared with 2018
net sales of our north america segment increased $180.2 million or 2.6% in 2019 compared to 2018, reflecting a favorable price realization of 2.0% attributed to higher prices on certain products and a benefit from net impact of acquisitions and divestitures of 1.4%. this was partially offset by a volume decrease of 0.7% and an unfavorable impact from foreign currency exchange rates of 0.1%. our volume decline was driven primarily by pricing elasticity, as well as the introduction of new packaging formats during 2019. excluding the amplify, pirate brands and one brands acquisitions and tyrrells divestiture, our north america segment net sales increased 1.2%.
our north america segment income increased $105.8 million or 5.2% in 2019 compared to 2018, primarily due to favorable price realization, favorable sales mix and favorable commodity costs, partially offset by higher freight and logistics costs, higher supply chain-related costs and higher advertising expense.
the hershey company | 2020 form 10-k | page 29
international and other the international and other segment includes all other countries where we currently manufacture, import, market, sell or distribute chocolate and non-chocolate confectionery and other products. currently, this includes our operations in china and other asia markets, latin america, europe, africa and the middle east, along with exports to these regions. while a less significant component, this segment also includes our global retail operations, including hershey's chocolate world stores in hershey, pennsylvania, new york city, las vegas, niagara falls (ontario) and singapore, as well as operations associated with licensing the use of certain trademarks and products to third parties around the world. international and other accounted for 9.0%, 11.3% and 11.4% of our net sales in 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. international and other results for the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018 were as follows:
percent change for the years ended december 31,                         2020                     2019                     2018         2020 vs 2019                     2019 vs 2018
in millions of dollars net sales                                          $733.0                   $904.5                   $889.5            (19.0)      %                       1.7      %
segment income                                       28.6                     95.7                     73.8            (70.1)      %                      29.7      %
segment margin                                        3.9   %                 10.6   %                  8.3   %
2020 compared with 2019
net sales of our international and other segment decreased $171.5 million or 19.0% in 2020 compared to 2019, reflecting a volume decrease of 13.7%, an unfavorable impact from foreign currency exchange rates of 4.1% and an unfavorable price realization of 1.2%. the volume declines were attributed to significant sales declines in mexico and china, where net sales declined by 24.6% and 46.0%, respectively, due to the implementation of quarantine protocols by local governments to mitigate the spread of covid-19. furthermore, net sales declines in china were also attributable to the commencement of the international optimization program.
our international and other segment also includes licensing, owned retail and world travel retail, where net sales declined approximately 31.2% during 2020. at the onset of the pandemic, the company temporarily closed all hershey's chocolate world stores in the u.s. (3 locations), niagara falls (ontario) and singapore; however, as of july, all locations were re-opened on a limited capacity basis with increased safety measures and enforced social distancing.
our international and other segment generated income of $28.6 million in 2020 compared to $95.7 million in 2019. this decrease was driven by the lower level of net sales associated with the covid-19 disruption.
2019 compared with 2018
net sales of our international and other segment increased $15.0 million or 1.7% in 2019 compared to 2018, reflecting a volume increase of 5.7%, partially offset by a 2.2% reduction in net sales primarily from the divestiture of sgm, an unfavorable impact from foreign currency exchange rates of 1.5%, and unfavorable price realization of 0.3%. excluding the divestiture of sgm and unfavorable foreign currency exchange rates, our international and other segment net sales increased 5.4%. the volume increase was primarily attributed to solid marketplace growth in mexico, india and regional markets where net sales increased by 6.7%, 4.9% and 4.5%, respectively. the unfavorable net price realization was driven by increased levels of trade promotional spending compared to the prior year.
our international and other segment generated income of $95.7 million in 2019 compared to $73.8 million in 2018, with the improvement primarily resulting from our efforts to drive sustainable gross margin improvements as we executed our margin for growth program and optimized the product portfolio across various international markets. additionally, segment income benefited from continued growth across mexico, india, china and regional markets, as well as our licensing and world travel retail business.
the hershey company | 2020 form 10-k | page 30
unallocated corporate expense unallocated corporate expense includes centrally-managed (a) corporate functional costs relating to legal, treasury, finance and human resources, (b) expenses associated with the oversight and administration of our global operations, including warehousing, distribution and manufacturing, information systems and global shared services, (c) non-cash stock-based compensation expense and (d) other gains or losses that are not integral to segment performance.
unallocated corporate expense totaled $520.7 million in 2020 as compared to $532.6 million in 2019 primarily driven by savings in travel and meeting expenses related to covid-19 travel restrictions and project timing shifts. in 2019, unallocated corporate expense increased $3.7 million from $528.9 million in 2018 primarily driven by compensation related expenses, partially offset by acquisition-related costs.
liquidity and capital resources we assess our liquidity in terms of our ability to generate cash to fund our operating, investing and financing activities. significant factors affecting liquidity include cash flows generated from operating activities, capital expenditures, acquisitions, dividends, repurchases of outstanding shares, the adequacy of available commercial paper and bank lines of credit, and the ability to attract long-term capital with satisfactory terms. we generate substantial amounts of cash from operations and remain in a strong financial position, with sufficient liquidity available for capital reinvestment, strategic acquisitions and the payment of dividends.
cash flow summary the following table is derived from our consolidated statements of cash flows:
in millions of dollars                                               2020                                           2019                           2018
net cash provided by (used in):
operating activities                                                                $1,699.6                    $1,763.9                       $1,599.9
investing activities                                                            (531.3)                     (780.5)                      (1,502.9)
financing activities                                                            (499.2)                   (1,081.4)                          116.1
effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                      (7.0)                         3.3                          (5.3)
less: cash classified as assets held for sale (see note 8)                       (11.4)                           -                              -
increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                 $650.7                     $(94.7)                         $207.8
operating activities our principal source of liquidity is cash flow from operations. our net income and, consequently, our cash provided by operations are impacted by sales volume, seasonal sales patterns, timing of new product introductions, profit margins and price changes. sales are typically higher during the third and fourth quarters of the year due to seasonal and holiday-related sales patterns. generally, working capital needs peak during the summer months. we meet these needs primarily with cash on hand, bank borrowings or the issuance of commercial paper.
cash provided by operating activities in 2020 decreased $64.3 million relative to 2019. this decrease was driven by the following factors:
•net working capital (comprised of trade accounts receivable, inventory, accounts payable and accrued liabilities) consumed cash of $166 million in 2020 and generated cash of $60 million in 2019. this $226 million fluctuation was mainly driven by a higher year-over-year build up of u.s. inventories to satisfy product requirements and maintain sufficient levels to accommodate customer requirements, as well as an increase in cash used by accounts receivable due to an increase in sales of u.s. seasonal products.
•the decrease in cash provided by operating activities was partially offset by the following net cash inflows:
◦net income adjusted for non-cash charges to operations (including depreciation, amortization, stock-based compensation, deferred income taxes, long-lived and intangible asset charges, write-down of equity investments and other charges) resulted in $207 million of higher cash flow in 2020 relative to 2019.
the hershey company | 2020 form 10-k | page 31
cash provided by operating activities in 2019 increased $164.0 million relative to 2018. this increase was driven by the following factors:
•net working capital (comprised of trade accounts receivable, inventory, accounts payable and accrued liabilities) generated cash of $60 million in 2019 and consumed cash of $104 million in 2018. this $164 million fluctuation was mainly driven by higher cash receipts prior to year-end 2019, the timing of vendor and supplier payments, as well as higher accrued incentive compensation related to annual performance that was paid in the first quarter of 2020.
•prepaid expenses and other current assets generated cash of $14 million in 2019, compared to a use of cash of $40 million in 2018. this $54 million fluctuation was mainly driven by the timing of payments on commodity futures. in addition, in 2019, the volume of commodity futures held, which require margin deposits, was lower compared to 2018. we utilize commodity futures contracts to economically manage the risk of future price fluctuations associated with our purchase of raw materials.
•the increase in cash provided by operating activities was partially offset by the following net cash outflows:
◦income taxes used cash of $9 million in 2019, compared to cash generated of $76 million in 2018. this $85 million fluctuation was mainly due to the variance in actual tax expense for 2019 relative to the timing of quarterly estimated tax payments, which resulted in a lower taxes payable position at the end of 2019 compared to 2018.
◦net income adjusted for non-cash charges to operations (including depreciation, amortization, stock-based compensation, deferred income taxes, long-lived and intangible asset charges, write-down of equity investments and other charges) resulted in $2 million of lower cash flow in 2019 relative to 2018.
pension and post-retirement activity. we recorded net periodic benefit costs of $34.5 million, $41.4 million and $42.1 million in 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively, relating to our benefit plans (including our defined benefit and other post retirement plans). the main drivers of fluctuations in expense from year to year are assumptions in formulating our long-term estimates, including discount rates used to value plan obligations, expected returns on plan assets, the service and interest costs and the amortization of actuarial gains and losses.
the funded status of our qualified defined benefit pension plans is dependent upon many factors, including returns on invested assets, the level of market interest rates and the level of funding. we contribute cash to our plans at our discretion, subject to applicable regulations and minimum contribution requirements. cash contributions to our pension and post retirement plans totaled $11.7 million, $20.1 million and $25.9 million in 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
investing activities our principal uses of cash for investment purposes relate to purchases of property, plant and equipment and capitalized software, as well as acquisitions of businesses, partially offset by proceeds from sales of property, plant and equipment. we used cash of $531.3 million for investing activities in 2020 compared to $780.5 million in 2019, with the decrease in cash spend driven by less acquisition activity. we used cash of $1,502.9 million for investing activities in 2018, and the decrease in 2019 in cash spend was driven by less acquisition and divestiture activity.
primary investing activities include the following:
•capital spending. capital expenditures, including capitalized software, primarily to support our erp system implementation, capacity expansion, innovation and cost savings, were $441.6 million in 2020, $318.2 million in 2019 and $328.6 million in 2018. our 2020 expenditures were substantially higher than 2019 expenditures due to progress on our key strategic projects, however, 2020 expenditures were below original expectations due to a selective pause on certain aspects of our erp system implementation. our 2019 expenditures were relatively in line with 2018 expenditures. we expect 2021 capital expenditures, including capitalized software, to approximate $550 million. the increase in our 2021 capital expenditures is largely driven by the continuation of our erp system implementation, as well as our supply chain capacity projects which focus on additional capacity for our largest and fastest growing brands, building agile fulfillment and customization capabilities and investing in new the hershey company | 2020 form 10-k | page 32
data and technology within our supply chain to enhance visibility and automation. we will continue to evaluate and re-prioritize our capital projects amid the covid-19 pandemic.
•proceeds from sales of property, plant and equipment and other long-lived assets. during 2020, proceeds from the sale of property, plant and equipment and other long-lived assets was minimal. during 2019, we generated $28.1 million of proceeds from the sale of property, plant and equipment and other long-lived assets. this included the sale of select pennsylvania facilities and land for sales proceeds of approximately $27.6 million, resulting in a gain on the sale of $11.3 million. during 2018, we generated $49.8 million of proceeds from the sale of property, plant and equipment and other long-lived assets. this included sales of select china facilities that were taken out of operation in connection with the operational optimization program. proceeds from the sale of these facilities totaled $27.5 million, resulting in a gain of $6.6 million. additionally, we sold licensing rights for a non-core trademark relating to a brand marketed outside of the u.s. for $13.0 million, resulting in a gain of $2.7 million.
•proceeds from the sales of businesses. in 2020 and 2019, we had minimal or no proceeds from the sales of businesses. in 2018, we sold the tyrrells and sgm businesses. collectively, the proceeds from the sales of these businesses, net of cash divested, totaled approximately $167.0 million.
•business acquisitions. in 2020, we had no acquisition activity. in 2019, we spent $402.2 million to acquire one brands. in 2018, we spent $915 million to acquire amplify and $423 million to acquire pirate brands.
•investments in partnerships qualifying for tax credits. we make investments in partnership entities that in turn make equity investments in projects eligible to receive federal historic and energy tax credits. we invested approximately $87.2 million in 2020, $80.2 million in 2019 and $52.6 million in 2018 in projects qualifying for tax credits.
•other investing activities. in 2020 and 2019, we made minority investments in emerging snacking businesses that qualify as cost method investments.
financing activities our cash flow from financing activities generally relates to the use of cash for purchases of our common stock and payment of dividends, offset by net borrowing activity and proceeds from the exercise of stock options. financing activities in 2020 used cash by $499.2 million, compared to cash used of $1,081.4 million in 2019. we generated cash of $116.1 million for financing activities in 2018, primarily to fund acquisition activity.
the majority of our financing activity was attributed to the following:
•short-term borrowings, net. in addition to utilizing cash on hand, we use short-term borrowings (commercial paper and bank borrowings) to fund seasonal working capital requirements and ongoing business needs. in 2020, we generated cash flow of $41.8 million due to an increase in short-term foreign bank borrowings. in 2019, we used $1.2 billion to reduce short-term commercial paper borrowings and short-term foreign borrowings. we utilized the proceeds from the issuance of long-term debt in october 2019 to repay outstanding commercial paper used to fund the one brands acquisition. in 2018, we generated cash flow of $645.8 million through the issuance of short-term commercial paper, partially offset by a reduction in short-term foreign bank borrowings. we utilized the proceeds from the issuance of commercial paper to fund the amplify acquisition and repay amplify's outstanding debt owed under its existing credit agreement. a portion of the commercial paper borrowings used to fund the amplify acquisition were subsequently refinanced with the proceeds of new notes issued during the second quarter of 2018, as discussed below.
•long-term debt borrowings and repayments. in may 2020, we issued $300 million of 0.900% notes due in 2025, $350 million of 1.700% notes due in 2030 and $350 million of 2.650% notes due in 2050 (the "2020 notes"). proceeds from the issuance of the 2020 notes, net of discounts and issuance costs, totaled $989.9 million. additionally, in may 2020 and december 2020, we repaid $350 million of 2.900% notes and $350 million of 4.125% notes due upon their maturities. in october 2019, we issued $300 million of 2.05% notes due in 2024, $300 million of 2.45% notes due in 2029 and $400 million of 3.125% notes due in 2049 (the "2019 notes"). proceeds from the issuance of the 2019 notes, net of discounts and issuance costs, totaled $990.3 million. in may 2018, we issued $350 million of 2.90% notes due in 2020, $350 million of 3.10% notes due in 2021 and $500
the hershey company | 2020 form 10-k | page 33
million of 3.375% notes due in 2023 (the "2018 notes"). proceeds from the issuance of the 2018 notes, net of discounts and issuance costs, totaled $1,193.8 million. in 2018, we repaid $300 million of 1.60% notes due upon their maturity. additionally, in august 2018, we repaid a portion of the commercial paper borrowings that had been used to fund the amplify acquisition.
•tax receivable obligation.  in connection with the amplify acquisition, the company agreed to make payments to the counterparty of a tax receivable agreement. in 2018, we paid $72.0 million to settle the tax receivable obligation.
•share repurchases. we repurchase shares of common stock to offset the dilutive impact of treasury shares issued under our equity compensation plans. the value of these share repurchases in a given period varies based on the volume of stock options exercised and our market price. in addition, we periodically repurchase shares of common stock pursuant to board-authorized programs intended to drive additional stockholder value. in 2020, we used cash for total share repurchases of $211.2 million that included purchases pursuant to authorized programs; this included $150.0 million to purchase 1.0 million shares. in 2019, we used cash for total share repurchases of $527.2 million that included purchases pursuant to authorized programs; this included $150.0 million to purchase 1.4 million shares. in 2018, we used cash for total share repurchases of $247.5 million, which included a privately negotiated repurchase transaction with hershey trust company, as trustee for the trust, to purchase 450 thousand shares for $47.8 million. in october 2017, our board of directors approved a $100 million share repurchase authorization.  this program was completed in the first quarter of 2019. in july 2018, our board of directors approved an additional $500 million share repurchase authorization. as of december 31, 2020, approximately $260 million remained available for repurchases of our common stock under this program. the share repurchase program does not have an expiration date. we expect 2021 share repurchases to return to a more traditional buyback strategy.
•dividend payments. total dividend payments to holders of our common stock and class b common stock were $640.7 million in 2020, $610.3 million in 2019 and $562.5 million in 2018. dividends per share of common stock increased 5.5% to $3.154 per share in 2020 compared to $2.990 per share in 2019, while dividends per share of class b common stock increased 5.5% in 2020. details regarding our 2020 cash dividends paid to stockholders are as follows:
quarter ended in millions of dollars except per share amounts       march 29, 2020                   june 28, 2020                 september 27, 2020                  december 31, 2020
dividends paid per share - common stock               $0.773                           $0.773                        $0.804                              $0.804
dividends paid per share - class b common stock       $0.702                           $0.702                        $0.731                              $0.731
total cash dividends paid                             $157.8                           $156.5                        $163.7                              $162.7
declaration date                                      january 28, 2020                 april 21, 2020                july 8, 2020                        november 6, 2020
record date                                           february 21, 2020                may 22, 2020                  august 21, 2020                     november 20, 2020
payment date                                          march 16, 2020                   june 15, 2020                 september 15, 2020                  december 15, 2020
•proceeds from the exercise of stock options, including tax benefits. we received $25.5 million from employee exercises of stock options, net of employee taxes withheld from share-based awards in 2020. we received $240.8 million and $63.3 million in 2019 and 2018, respectively. variances are driven primarily by the number of shares exercised and the share price at the date of grant.
the hershey company | 2020 form 10-k | page 34
financial condition at december 31, 2020, our cash and cash equivalents totaled $1.1 billion. at december 31, 2019, our cash and cash equivalents totaled $493.3 million. our cash and cash equivalents at the end of 2020 increased $650.7 million compared to the 2019 year-end balance. this increase was predominantly due to our $1 billion 2020 notes issuance in may 2020 as we intend to mitigate any potential covid-19 risks, partially offset by the repayment of $350 million notes that matured in may 2020 and $350 million notes that matured in december 2020. additional detail regarding the net sources of cash are outlined in the following discussion.
approximately 35% of the balance of our cash and cash equivalents at december 31, 2020 was held by subsidiaries domiciled outside of the united states. during 2020, previously undistributed earnings of certain international subsidiaries were no longer considered indefinitely reinvested; however, the company had previously recognized a one-time u.s. repatriation tax due under u.s. tax reform, and as a result, only an immaterial amount of withholding tax was recognized. for the remainder of the company's cash held by international subsidiaries, we intend to continue to reinvest the undistributed earnings indefinitely. we believe we have sufficient liquidity to satisfy our cash needs, including our cash needs in the united states.
we maintain debt levels we consider prudent based on our cash flow, interest coverage ratio and percentage of debt to capital. we use debt financing to lower our overall cost of capital which increases our return on stockholders' equity. our total debt was $4.6 billion at december 31, 2020 and $4.3 billion at december 31, 2019. our total debt increased in 2020 mainly due to our $1 billion 2020 notes issuance in may 2020, partially offset by the repayment of $350 million notes that matured in may 2020 and $350 million notes that matured in december 2020.
as a source of short-term financing, we maintain a $1.5 billion unsecured revolving credit facility with the option to increase borrowings by an additional $500 million with the consent of the lenders. as of december 31, 2020, the termination date of this agreement is july 2, 2024, however, we may extend the termination date for up to two additional one-year periods upon notice to the administrative agent under the facility. we may use these funds for general corporate purposes, including commercial paper backstop and business acquisitions. as of december 31, 2020, we had $1.5 billion of available capacity under the agreement. the unsecured revolving credit agreement contains certain financial and other covenants, customary representations, warranties and events of default. we were in compliance with all covenants as of december 31, 2020.
in addition to the revolving credit facility, we maintain lines of credit in various currencies with domestic and international commercial banks. as of december 31, 2020, we had available capacity of $193 million under these lines of credit.
furthermore, we have a current shelf registration statement filed with the sec that allows for the issuance of an indeterminate amount of debt securities. proceeds from the debt issuances and any other offerings under the current registration statement may be used for general corporate requirements, including reducing existing borrowings, financing capital additions and funding contributions to our pension plans, future business acquisitions and working capital requirements.
our ability to obtain debt financing at comparable risk-based interest rates is partly a function of our existing cash-flow-to-debt and debt-to-capitalization levels as well as our current credit standing.
we believe that our existing sources of liquidity are adequate to meet anticipated funding needs at comparable risk-based interest rates for the foreseeable future. acquisition spending and/or share repurchases could potentially increase our debt. operating cash flow and access to capital markets are expected to satisfy our various cash flow requirements, including acquisitions and capital expenditures.
the hershey company | 2020 form 10-k | page 35
equity structure we have two classes of stock outstanding - common stock and class b stock. holders of the common stock and the class b stock generally vote together without regard to class on matters submitted to stockholders, including the election of directors. holders of the common stock have 1 vote per share. holders of the class b stock have 10 votes per share. holders of the common stock, voting separately as a class, are entitled to elect one-sixth of our board. with respect to dividend rights, holders of the common stock are entitled to cash dividends 10% higher than those declared and paid on the class b stock.
hershey trust company, as trustee for the trust established by milton s. and catherine s. hershey that has as its sole beneficiary milton hershey school, maintains voting control over the hershey company. in addition, three representatives of hershey trust company currently serve as members of the company's board. in performing their responsibilities on the company's board, these representatives may from time to time exercise influence with regard to the ongoing business decisions of our board or management. hershey trust company, as trustee for the trust, in its role as controlling stockholder of the company, has indicated it intends to retain its controlling interest in the hershey company. the company's board, and not the hershey trust company board, is solely responsible and accountable for the company's management and performance.
pennsylvania law requires that the office of attorney general be provided advance notice of any transaction that would result in hershey trust company, as trustee for the trust, no longer having voting control of the company. the law provides specific statutory authority for the attorney general to intercede and petition the court having jurisdiction over hershey trust company, as trustee for the trust, to stop such a transaction if the attorney general can prove that the transaction is unnecessary for the future economic viability of the company and is inconsistent with investment and management considerations under fiduciary obligations. this legislation makes it more difficult for a third party to acquire a majority of our outstanding voting stock and thereby may delay or prevent a change in control of the company.
guarantees and other off-balance sheet arrangements we do not have guarantees or other off-balance sheet financing arrangements, including variable interest entities, that we believe could have a material impact on our financial condition or liquidity.
contractual obligations the following table summarizes our contractual obligations at december 31, 2020:
payments due by period in millions of dollars contractual obligations                                                            total                    less than 1 year                     1-3 years                     3-5 years                   more than 5 years long-term notes (excluding finance lease obligations)                      $4,478.3                           $434.7                          $750.0                        $900.0                          $2,393.6
interest expense (1)                                                        1,338.4                            121.7                           213.3                         168.0                             835.4
operating lease obligations (2)                                               281.7                             43.8                            49.8                          27.9                             160.2
finance lease obligations (3)                                                 191.3                              8.6                            12.1                           9.4                             161.2
minimum pension plan funding obligations (4)                                   10.5                              1.7                             3.4                           3.6                               1.8
unconditional purchase obligations (5)                                      1,883.4                          1,548.9                           331.5                           3.0                                 -
total obligations                                                               $8,183.6                            $2,159.4                      $1,360.1                      $1,111.9                            $3,552.2
(1) includes the net interest payments on fixed rate debt associated with long-term notes.
(2) includes the minimum rental commitments (including imputed interest) under non-cancelable operating leases primarily for offices, retail stores, warehouses and distribution facilities.
(3) includes the minimum rental commitments (including imputed interest) under non-cancelable finance leases primarily for offices and warehouse facilities, as well as vehicles.
(4) represents future pension payments to comply with local funding requirements. our policy is to fund domestic pension liabilities in accordance with the minimum and maximum limits imposed by the employee retirement income security act of 1974 ("erisa"), federal income tax laws and the funding requirements of the pension protection act of 2006. we fund non-domestic the hershey company | 2020 form 10-k | page 36
pension liabilities in accordance with laws and regulations applicable to those plans. for more information, see note 11 to the consolidated financial statements.
(5) purchase obligations consist primarily of fixed commitments for the purchase of raw materials to be utilized in the normal course of business. amounts presented included fixed price forward contracts and unpriced contracts that were valued using market prices as of december 31, 2020. the amounts presented in the table do not include items already recorded in accounts payable or accrued liabilities at year-end 2020, nor does the table reflect cash flows we are likely to incur based on our plans, but are not obligated to incur. such amounts are part of normal operations and are reflected in historical operating cash flow trends. we do not believe such purchase obligations will adversely affect our liquidity position.
in entering into contractual obligations, we have assumed the risk that might arise from the possible inability of counterparties to meet the terms of their contracts. we mitigate this risk by performing financial assessments prior to contract execution, conducting periodic evaluations of counterparty performance and maintaining a diverse portfolio of qualified counterparties. our risk is limited to replacing the contracts at prevailing market rates. we do not expect any significant losses resulting from counterparty defaults.
asset retirement obligations we have a number of facilities that contain varying amounts of asbestos in certain locations within the facilities. our asbestos management program is compliant with current applicable regulations, which require that we handle or dispose of asbestos in a specified manner if such facilities undergo major renovations or are demolished. we do not have sufficient information to estimate the fair value of any asset retirement obligations related to these facilities. we cannot specify the settlement date or range of potential settlement dates and, therefore, sufficient information is not available to apply an expected present value technique. we expect to maintain the facilities with repairs and maintenance activities that would not involve or require the removal of significant quantities of asbestos.
income tax obligations liabilities for unrecognized income tax benefits are excluded from the table above as we are unable to reasonably predict the ultimate amount or timing of a settlement of these potential liabilities. see note 10 to the consolidated financial statements for more information.
recent accounting pronouncements information on recently adopted and issued accounting standards is included in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements.
critical accounting policies and estimates the preparation of financial statements requires management to use judgment and make estimates and assumptions. we believe that our most critical accounting policies and estimates relate to the following:
•accrued liabilities for trade promotion activities
•pension and other post-retirement benefits plans
•business acquisitions, valuation and impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets
•income taxes management has discussed the development, selection and disclosure of critical accounting policies and estimates with the audit committee of our board. while we base estimates and assumptions on our knowledge of current events and actions we may undertake in the future, actual results may ultimately differ from these estimates and assumptions. other significant accounting policies are outlined in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements.
accrued liabilities for trade promotion activities we promote our products with advertising, trade promotions and consumer incentives. these programs include, but are not limited to, discounts, coupons, rebates, in-store display incentives and volume-based incentives. we expense advertising costs and other direct marketing expenses as incurred. we recognize the costs of trade promotion and consumer incentive activities as a reduction to net sales along with a corresponding accrued liability based on estimates at the time of revenue recognition. these estimates are based on our analysis of the programs offered, the hershey company | 2020 form 10-k | page 37
historical trends, expectations regarding customer and consumer participation, sales and payment trends and our experience with payment patterns associated with similar programs offered in the past. the estimated costs of these programs are reasonably likely to change in future periods due to changes in trends with regard to customer and consumer participation, particularly for new programs and for programs related to the introduction of new products. differences between estimated expense and actual program performance are recognized as a change in estimate in a subsequent period and are normally not significant. during 2020, 2019, and 2018, actual annual promotional costs have not deviated from the estimated amount by more than 2%. our trade promotion and consumer incentive accrued liabilities totaled $195.6 million and $181.0 million at december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
pension and other post-retirement benefits plans we sponsor various defined benefit pension plans. the primary plans are the hershey company retirement plan and the hershey company retirement plan for hourly employees, which are cash balance plans that provide pension benefits for most u.s. employees hired prior to january 1, 2007. we also sponsor two primary other post-employment benefit ("opeb") plans, consisting of a health care plan and life insurance plan for retirees. the health care plan is contributory, with participants' contributions adjusted annually, and the life insurance plan is non-contributory.
for accounting purposes, the defined benefit pension and opeb plans require assumptions to estimate the projected and accumulated benefit obligations, including the following variables: discount rate; expected salary increases; certain employee-related factors, such as turnover, retirement age and mortality; expected return on assets; and health care cost trend rates. these and other assumptions affect the annual expense and obligations recognized for the underlying plans. our assumptions reflect our historical experiences and management's best judgment regarding future expectations. our related accounting policies, accounting balances and plan assumptions are discussed in note 11 to the consolidated financial statements.
pension plans changes in certain assumptions could significantly affect pension expense and benefit obligations, particularly the estimated long-term rate of return on plan assets and the discount rates used to calculate such obligations:
•long-term rate of return on plan assets. the expected long-term rate of return is evaluated on an annual basis. we consider a number of factors when setting assumptions with respect to the long-term rate of return, including current and expected asset allocation and historical and expected returns on the plan asset categories. actual asset allocations are regularly reviewed and periodically rebalanced to the targeted allocations when considered appropriate. investment gains or losses represent the difference between the expected return estimated using the long-term rate of return and the actual return realized. for 2020, we decreased the expected return on plan assets assumption to 4.8% from the 5.3% assumption used during 2019. the historical average return (compounded annually) over the 20 years prior to december 31, 2020 was approximately 6.0%.
as of december 31, 2020, our primary plans had cumulative unrecognized investment and actuarial losses of approximately $281 million. we amortize the unrecognized net actuarial gains and losses in excess of the corridor amount, which is the greater of 10% of a respective plan's projected benefit obligation or the fair market value of plan assets. these unrecognized net losses may increase future pension expense if not offset by (i) actual investment returns that exceed the expected long-term rate of investment returns, (ii) other factors, including reduced pension liabilities arising from higher discount rates used to calculate pension obligations or (iii) other actuarial gains when actual plan experience is favorable as compared to the assumed experience. a 100 basis point decrease or increase in the long-term rate of return on pension assets would correspondingly increase or decrease annual net periodic pension benefit expense by approximately $10 million.
•discount rate. prior to december 31, 2017, the service and interest cost components of net periodic benefit cost were determined utilizing a single weighted-average discount rate derived from the yield curve used to measure the plan obligations. beginning in 2018, we elected to utilize a full yield curve approach in the estimation of service and interest costs by applying the specific spot rates along the yield curve used in the determination of the benefit obligation to the relevant projected cash flows. we made this change to provide a more precise measurement of service and interest costs by improving the correlation between the projected cash flows to the corresponding spot rates along the yield curve. this change does not affect the measurement of our pension and the hershey company | 2020 form 10-k | page 38
other post-retirement benefit liabilities but generally results in lower benefit expense in periods when the yield curve is upward sloping, which was the case in 2018. we accounted for this change as a change in accounting estimate and, accordingly, accounted for it on a prospective basis starting in 2018.
a 100 basis point decrease (increase) in the weighted-average pension discount rate would increase (decrease) annual net periodic pension benefit expense by approximately $7 million and the december 31, 2020 pension liability would increase by approximately $108 million or decrease by approximately $91 million, respectively.
pension expense for defined benefit pension plans is expected to be approximately $6 million in 2021. pension expense beyond 2021 will depend on future investment performance, our contributions to the pension trusts, changes in discount rates and various other factors related to the covered employees in the plans.
other post-employment benefit plans changes in significant assumptions could affect consolidated expense and benefit obligations, particularly the discount rates used to calculate such obligations:
•discount rate. the determination of the discount rate used to calculate the benefit obligations of the opeb plans is discussed in the pension plans section above. a 100 basis point decrease (increase) in the discount rate assumption for these plans would not be material to the opeb plans' consolidated expense and the december 31, 2020 benefit liability would increase by approximately $27 million or decrease by approximately $22 million, respectively.
business acquisitions, valuation and impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets we use the acquisition method of accounting for business acquisitions. under the acquisition method, the results of operations of the acquired business have been included in the consolidated financial statements since the respective dates of the acquisitions. the assets acquired and liabilities assumed are recorded at their respective estimated fair values at the date of the acquisition. any excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair values of the identifiable net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. significant judgment is often required in estimating the fair value of assets acquired, particularly intangible assets. as a result, we normally obtain the assistance of a third-party valuation specialist in estimating fair values of tangible and intangible assets. the fair value estimates are based on available historical information and on expectations and assumptions about the future, considering the perspective of marketplace participants. while management believes those expectations and assumptions are reasonable, they are inherently uncertain. unanticipated market or macroeconomic events and circumstances may occur, which could affect the accuracy or validity of the estimates and assumptions.
goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are not amortized, but instead, are evaluated for impairment annually or more often if indicators of a potential impairment are present. our annual impairment tests are conducted at the beginning of the fourth quarter.
we test goodwill for impairment by performing either a qualitative or quantitative assessment. if we choose to perform a qualitative assessment, we evaluate economic, industry and company-specific factors in assessing the fair value of the related reporting unit. if we determine that it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying value, a quantitative test is then performed. otherwise, no further testing is required. for those reporting units tested using a quantitative approach, we compare the fair value of each reporting unit with the carrying amount of the reporting unit, including goodwill. if the estimated fair value of the reporting unit is less than the carrying amount of the reporting unit, impairment is indicated, requiring recognition of a goodwill impairment charge for the differential (up to the carrying value of goodwill). we test individual indefinite-lived intangible assets by comparing the estimated fair values with the book values of each asset.
we determine the fair value of our reporting units and indefinite-lived intangible assets using an income approach. under the income approach, we calculate the fair value of our reporting units and indefinite-lived intangible assets based on the present value of estimated future cash flows. considerable management judgment is necessary to evaluate the impact of operating and macroeconomic changes and to estimate the future cash flows used to measure fair value. our estimates of future cash flows consider past performance, current and anticipated market conditions and internal projections and operating plans which incorporate estimates for sales growth and profitability, and cash flows associated with taxes and capital spending. additional assumptions include forecasted growth rates, estimated discount the hershey company | 2020 form 10-k | page 39
rates, which may be risk-adjusted for the operating market of the reporting unit, and estimated royalty rates that would be charged for comparable branded licenses. we believe such assumptions also reflect current and anticipated market conditions and are consistent with those that would be used by other marketplace participants for similar valuation purposes. such assumptions are subject to change due to changing economic and competitive conditions.
we also have intangible assets, consisting primarily of certain trademarks, customer-related intangible assets and patents obtained through business acquisitions, that are expected to have determinable useful lives. the costs of finite-lived intangible assets are amortized to expense over their estimated lives. our estimates of the useful lives of finite-lived intangible assets consider judgments regarding the future effects of obsolescence, demand, competition and other economic factors. we conduct impairment tests when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of these finite-lived assets may not be recoverable. undiscounted cash flow analyses are used to determine if an impairment exists. if an impairment is determined to exist, the loss is calculated based on the estimated fair value of the assets.
results of impairment tests at december 31, 2020, the net book value of our goodwill totaled $1,988.2 million. as it relates to our 2020 annual testing performed at the beginning of the fourth quarter, we tested one reporting unit using a quantitative assessment. we tested our remaining reporting units using a qualitative assessment and determined that no quantitative testing was deemed necessary. based on our testing, all of our reporting units had an excess fair value well over the their respective carrying values. there were no other events or circumstances that would indicate that impairment may exist. we had no goodwill impairment charges in 2020, 2019 or 2018.
in 2019, sales and operating performance associated with our krave business were below expectations. in the fourth quarter of 2019, as part of a strategic review initiated by our leadership team, we updated our strategic forecast which projected underperformance related to the krave business primarily due to mainstream brands driving category volume and an increase in the overall competitive landscape. we deemed this to be a triggering event requiring us to test our krave long-lived asset group for impairment. based on our assessment, we determined that the carrying value was not recoverable and calculated an impairment loss as the excess of the asset group's carrying value over its fair value. therefore, as a result of this testing, during the fourth quarter of 2019, we recorded an impairment charge totaling $100.1 million to write down the long-lived asset group, which predominantly consisted of customer relationship and trademark intangible assets.
income taxes we base our deferred income taxes, accrued income taxes and provision for income taxes upon income, statutory tax rates, the legal structure of our company, interpretation of tax laws and tax planning opportunities available to us in the various jurisdictions in which we operate. we file income tax returns in the u.s. federal jurisdiction and various state and foreign jurisdictions. we are regularly audited by federal, state and foreign tax authorities; a number of years may elapse before an uncertain tax position, for which we have unrecognized tax benefits, is audited and finally resolved. from time to time, these audits result in assessments of additional tax. we maintain reserves for such assessments.
we apply a more-likely-than-not threshold to the recognition and derecognition of uncertain tax positions. accordingly, we recognize the amount of tax benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being ultimately realized upon settlement. future changes in judgments and estimates related to the expected ultimate resolution of uncertain tax positions will affect income in the quarter of such change. while it is often difficult to predict the final outcome or the timing of resolution of any particular uncertain tax position, we believe that our unrecognized tax benefits reflect the most likely outcome. accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits are included in income tax expense. we adjust these unrecognized tax benefits, as well as the related interest, in light of changing facts and circumstances, such as receiving audit assessments or clearing of an item for which a reserve has been established. settlement of any particular position could require the use of cash. favorable resolution would be recognized as a reduction to our effective income tax rate in the period of resolution.
we believe it is more likely than not that the results of future operations will generate sufficient taxable income to realize the deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowances. our valuation allowances are primarily related to u.s.
the hershey company | 2020 form 10-k | page 40
capital loss carryforwards and various foreign jurisdictions' net operating loss carryforwards and other deferred tax assets for which we do not expect to realize a benefit.
