item 1a. risk factors.
howmet's business, financial condition and results of operations may be impacted by a number of factors. in addition to the factors discussed elsewhere in this report, the following risks and uncertainties could materially harm the company's business, financial condition or results of operations, including causing its actual results to differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements. the following list of risk factors is not all-inclusive or necessarily in order of importance. additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to howmet or that howmet currently deems immaterial also may materially adversely affect the company in future periods.
risks related to our business and operations our business, results of operations, financial condition and/or cash flows have been and could continue to be materially adversely affected by the effects of the covid-19 pandemic.
any outbreaks of contagious diseases, public health epidemics or pandemics and other adverse public health developments in countries where we, our employees, customers and suppliers operate could have a material and adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and/or cash flows. specifically, the covid-19 pandemic affecting the global community, including the united states, europe and south america, is adversely impacting our operations, and the nature and extent of the impact over time is highly uncertain and beyond our control. the extent to which covid-19 further affects our operations over time will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain, including the duration of the pandemic, the continued severity of the virus, resurgences and emergence of variants of the virus, the efficacy and availability of vaccines, and the extent of actions that may be taken to contain its impact. these actions include, but are not limited to, declarations of states of emergency, business closures, manufacturing restrictions and a prolonged period of travel, commercial and/or other similar restrictions and limitations, many of which have been implemented across much of the globe and all of which have negatively affected our business. the longer the duration, the greater the impact on our business and the more heightened the risk of a continuing material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial conditions and/or cash flows, as well as on our business strategies and initiatives. we continue to monitor guidelines proposed by federal, state and local, as well as foreign, governments with respect to measures for continued operation, which may change over time depending on public health, safety and other considerations. we are continuing to focus on the safety and protection of our workforce by continuing to implement additional safety protocols in light of covid-19.
as a result of covid-19 and the measures designed to contain its spread, our global sales, including to customers in the aerospace and commercial transportation industries that are impacted by covid-19, have been and are expected to continue to be negatively impacted due to the disruption in demand, which has had and over time could continue to have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and/or cash flows. the covid-19 pandemic has subjected our operations, financial performance and financial condition to a number of risks, including, but not limited to, those discussed below:
•business and operations risks: we continue to monitor the evolving situation relating to covid-19 to determine whether we will need to significantly modify our business practices or take actions as may be required by government authorities or that we determine are in the best interests of our employees, customers, partners, suppliers and shareholders. we have had a number of smaller manufacturing locations that have experienced periods of shutdowns. future shutdowns will be dependent on facts and circumstances as they unfold, including based on the restrictions and limitations noted above. additional shutdowns, while not required by governmental authorities, may be necessary to match our production to the reduced demand of our customers. in addition, due to the foregoing factors and potential further disruptions, we may be unable to perform fully on our contracts and our costs may increase. we may also face challenges in restoring our production levels if and when covid-19 abates, including as a result of government-imposed or other limitations that prevent the return of all or a portion of our workforce, continue to disrupt demand and/or limit the capabilities of our suppliers. as a result of covid-19 and its potential impact on the aerospace industry, the possibility exists that a sustained impact to our operations, financial results and market capitalization may require material impairments of our assets, including, but not limited to, goodwill, intangible assets, long-lived assets, and right-of-use assets. while we have already implemented plans to reduce costs, including certain headcount reductions, reductions in certain cash outflows, suspension of our common stock dividend and reductions in the levels of our capital expenditures, the longer-term impact of the covid-19 pandemic is uncertain, but could continue to have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and/or cash flows.
•customer and supplier risks: we have limited visibility into future demand due to the disruptions resulting from covid-19. the sharp decrease in air travel resulting from the covid-19 pandemic and the measures that governments and private organizations worldwide have implemented in an attempt to contain its spread is adversely affecting, and will likely continue to adversely affect, airlines and airframers and their respective demand for our customers' products and services. aircraft manufacturers are reducing production rates due to fewer expected aircraft deliveries and, as a result, demand for products in the oem market has significantly decreased. several of our aerospace and commercial transportation customers temporarily suspended operations at certain production sites, reduced operations and production rates, and/or took cost-cutting actions, including, but not limited to, general electric company, raytheon technologies corporation and the boeing company, which represented approximately 11%, 9% and 8%, respectively, of our third-party sales in 2020. due to the foregoing factors and other cost-cutting measures, we are experiencing, and expect to continue experiencing, lower demand and volume for our products, customer requests for potential payment deferrals, pricing concessions or other contract modifications, and delays in deliveries and the achievement of other billing milestones. covid-19 may also limit the ability of our counterparties generally to perform their obligations to us, including, but not limited to, our customers' ability to make timely payments to us. these trends may lead to charges, impairments and other adverse financial impacts over time, as noted above, as we have historically depended upon the strength of these industries, particularly the commercial aerospace industry. in addition, the ongoing covid-19 pandemic may negatively impact customer contract negotiations, including the ability to negotiate acceptable terms in contract renewal negotiations and our ability to obtain new customers. similarly, our suppliers may not have the materials, capacity, or capability to manufacture our products according to our schedule and specifications. to date, we have not experienced significant disruption to our supply chain. if our suppliers' operations were to be impacted, we may need to seek alternate suppliers, which may be more expensive, may not be available or may result in delays in shipments to us and subsequently to our customers, each of which would adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and/or cash flows. the duration of the current disruptions to our customers and to our supply chain, and related financial impact to us, cannot be estimated at this time. should such disruption continue for an extended period of time, the impact will have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and/or cash flows. ultimately, the demand for our products is, in turn, driven by demand for transportation and for people to travel within and between various countries. should the covid-19 pandemic cause a long-term deterioration in demand for transportation or travel due to fear or anxiety related to health concerns, governmental restriction, economic hardships, or increased use of electronic communication technologies embraced during the covid-19 related shutdowns, the effects on our business may extend well beyond the current covid-19 health crisis and immediate related governmental actions.
•market risks: the current financial market dynamics and volatility pose heightened risks to our liquidity. for example, dramatically lower interest rates and lower expected asset valuations and returns can materially impact the calculation of long-term liabilities such as our pension. in addition, extreme volatility in financial markets has had and may continue to have adverse impacts on other asset valuations such as the value of the investment portfolios supporting our pension. our long-term liabilities are sensitive to numerous factors and assumptions that can move in offsetting directions and should be considered as of the time of a relevant measurement event.
•liquidity and credit risks: we currently have the ability to borrow up to $1.0 billion under our five-year revolving credit agreement (the "credit agreement"), which was amended in june 2020. a prolonged period of generating lower financial results and cash from operations could adversely affect our financial condition, including in respect of satisfying both required and voluntary pension funding requirements, could result in potential increases in net debt or reductions in ebitda, and could otherwise negatively affect our ability to achieve our strategic objectives. if the foregoing or other factors negatively impact our ability to comply with the financial covenant in the credit agreement, our ability to draw under the credit agreement would be adversely affected. there can also be no assurance that we will not face credit rating downgrades as a result of weaker than anticipated performance of our business or other factors, including overall market conditions. rating downgrades could further adversely affect our cost of funds and related margins, liquidity, competitive position and access to capital markets, and a significant downgrade could have an adverse commercial impact on our business. conditions in the financial and credit markets may also limit the availability of funding or increase the cost of funding (including for receivables securitization or supply chain finance programs used to finance working capital) or our ability to refinance certain of our indebtedness, which could adversely affect our business, financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows. although the u.s. federal and other governments have announced a number of funding programs to support businesses, our ability or willingness to access funding under such programs may be limited by regulations or other guidance, including eligibility criteria, or by further change or uncertainty related to the terms of these programs.
the covid-19 pandemic may also exacerbate other risks disclosed herein, including, but not limited to, risks related to global economic conditions, competition, loss of customers, costs of supplies, manufacturing difficulties and disruptions, investment returns, our credit profile, our credit ratings and interest rates. we expect that the longer the period of disruption from covid-19 continues, the more material the adverse impact will be on our business operations, financial performance, results of operations and/or cash flows. in addition, the covid-19 pandemic may also affect our operating and financial results in a manner that is not presently known to us or that we currently do not expect to present significant risks to our business, results of operations, financial conditions and/or cash flows.
the markets for howmet's products are highly cyclical and are influenced by a number of factors, including global economic conditions.
howmet is subject to cyclical fluctuations in global economic conditions and lightweight metals end-use markets. howmet sells many products to industries that are cyclical, such as the aerospace and commercial transportation industries, and the demand for its products is sensitive to, and quickly impacted by, demand for the finished goods manufactured by its customers in these industries, which may change as a result of changes in regional or worldwide economies, currency exchange rates, energy prices or other factors beyond its control.
in particular, howmet derives a significant portion of its revenue from products sold to the aerospace industry, which can be highly cyclical and reflective of changes in the general economy. the commercial aerospace industry is historically driven by the demand from commercial airlines for new aircraft and spare parts. the u.s. and international commercial aviation industries may face challenges arising from competitive pressures and fuel costs. demand for commercial aircraft and spare parts is influenced by airline industry profitability, trends in airline passenger traffic, the state of u.s., regional and world economies, the ability of aircraft purchasers to obtain required financing and numerous other factors including the effects of terrorism, health and safety concerns (including as a result of the covid-19 pandemic), environmental constraints imposed upon aircraft operators, the retirement of older aircraft, the performance and cost of alternative materials, and technological improvements to aircraft. the military aerospace cycle is highly dependent on u.s. and foreign government funding; however, it is also driven by the effects of terrorism, a changing global geopolitical environment, u.s. foreign policy, the retirement of older military aircraft, and technological improvements to new engines.
further, the demand for howmet's commercial transportation products is driven by the number of vehicles produced by commercial transportation and automotive manufacturers. commercial transportation and automotive sales and production are affected by many factors, including the age of the vehicle fleet and related scrappage rates, labor relations issues, fuel prices, regulatory requirements, government initiatives, trade agreements and levels of competition. the automotive industry is also sensitive to general economic conditions, including credit markets and interest rates, and consumer spending and preferences regarding vehicle ownership and usage, vehicle size, configuration and features.
howmet is unable to predict the future course of industry variables, the strength of the u.s., regional or global economies, or the effects of government actions. negative economic conditions, such as a major economic downturn, a prolonged recovery period, or disruptions in the financial markets, could have a material adverse effect on howmet's business, financial condition or results of operations.
howmet could encounter manufacturing difficulties or other issues that impact product performance, quality or safety, which could adversely affect howmet's reputation, business and financial statements.
the manufacture of many of howmet's products is a highly exacting and complex process. problems may arise during manufacturing for a variety of reasons, including equipment malfunction, failure to follow specific protocols, specifications and procedures, including those related to quality or safety, problems with raw materials, supply chain interruptions, natural disasters, labor unrest and environmental factors. such problems could have an adverse impact on the company's ability to fulfill orders or meet product quality or performance. product manufacturing or performance issues could result in recalls, customer penalties, contract cancellation and product liability exposure. because of approval, license and qualification requirements applicable to manufacturers and/or their suppliers, alternatives to mitigate manufacturing disruptions may not be readily available to howmet or its customers. accordingly, manufacturing problems, product defects or other risks associated with our products, could result in significant costs to and liability for us that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations, including the payment of potentially substantial monetary damages, fines or penalties, as well as negative publicity and damage to our reputation, which could adversely impact product demand and customer relationships.
a material disruption of howmet's operations, particularly at one or more of its manufacturing facilities, could adversely affect howmet's business.
if howmet's operations, particularly one of its key manufacturing facilities, were to be disrupted as a result of significant equipment failures, natural disasters, power outages, fires, explosions, terrorism, theft, sabotage, adverse weather conditions, public health crises, labor disputes or other reasons, howmet may be unable to effectively meet its obligations to or demand from its customers, which could adversely affect howmet's financial performance.
interruptions in production could increase howmet's costs and reduce its sales. any interruption in production capability could require the company to incur costs for premium freight, make substantial capital expenditures, or purchase alternative material at higher costs to fill customer orders, which could negatively affect howmet's profitability and financial condition. furthermore, a delivery delay by us due to production interruptions could subject us to liability from customer claims that such delay resulted in losses to the customer. howmet maintains property damage insurance that the company believes to be adequate to provide for reconstruction of facilities and equipment, as well as business interruption insurance to mitigate losses resulting from significant production interruption or shutdown caused by an insured loss. however, any recovery under howmet's insurance policies may not offset the lost profits or increased costs that may be experienced during the disruption of operations, which could adversely affect howmet's business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flow.
information technology system failures, cyber attacks and security breaches may threaten the integrity of howmet's intellectual property and other sensitive information, disrupt its business operations, and result in reputational harm and other negative consequences that could have a material adverse effect on its financial condition and results of operations.
howmet relies on its information technology systems to manage and operate its business, process transactions, and summarize its operating results. howmet's information technology systems could be subject to damage or interruption from power outages; computer, network and telecommunications failures; computer viruses; catastrophic events, such as fires, floods, earthquakes, tornadoes, hurricanes, acts of war or terrorism; and usage errors by employees. if howmet's information technology systems are damaged or cease to function properly, the company may have to make a significant investment to fix or replace them, and howmet may suffer loss of critical data and interruptions or delays in its operations. any material disruption in the company's information technology systems, or delays or difficulties in implementing or integrating new systems or enhancing current systems, could have an adverse effect on howmet's business, financial condition or results of operations.
howmet also faces global cybersecurity threats, which may range from uncoordinated individual attempts to sophisticated and targeted measures, known as advanced persistent threats, directed at the company. cyber attacks and security breaches may include, but are not limited to, attempts to access information, computer viruses, denial of service and other electronic security breaches.
the company believes that it faces a heightened threat of cyber attacks due to the industries it serves, the locations of its operations and its technological innovations. the company has experienced cybersecurity attacks in the past, including breaches of its information technology systems in which information was taken, and may experience them in the future, potentially with more frequency or sophistication. based on information known to date, past attacks have not had a material impact on howmet's financial condition or results of operations. however, due to the evolving nature of cybersecurity threats, the scope and impact of any future incident cannot be predicted.
howmet employs a number of measures to protect and defend against cyber attacks, including technical security controls, data encryption, firewalls, intrusion prevention systems, anti-virus software and frequent backups. additionally, the company conducts regular periodic training of its employees regarding the protection of sensitive information, which includes training intended to prevent the success of "phishing" attacks. while the company continually works to safeguard its systems and mitigate potential risks, there is no assurance that such actions will be sufficient to prevent cyber attacks or security breaches that manipulate or improperly use the company's systems or networks, compromise confidential or otherwise protected information, destroy or corrupt data, or otherwise disrupt its operations. the occurrence of such events could negatively impact howmet's reputation and its competitive position and could result in litigation with third parties, regulatory action, loss of business, potential liability and increased remediation costs, any of which could have a material adverse effect on its financial condition and results of operations. in addition, such attacks or breaches could require significant management attention and resources, and could result in the diminution of the value of the company's investment in research and development.
howmet's enterprise risk management program and disclosure controls and procedures address cybersecurity and include elements intended to ensure that there is an analysis of potential disclosure obligations arising from cyber attacks and security breaches. howmet also maintains compliance programs to address the potential applicability of restrictions against trading while in possession of material, nonpublic information generally and in connection with a cyber attack or security breach.
however, a breakdown in existing controls and procedures around the company's cybersecurity environment may prevent howmet from detecting, reporting or responding to cyber incidents in a timely manner and could have a material adverse effect on the company's financial condition or the market price of its securities.
howmet is dependent on a limited number of suppliers for a substantial portion of raw materials essential to our operations, and supply chain disruptions could have a material adverse effect on our business.
howmet has supply arrangements with a limited number of suppliers for raw materials. we maintain annual or long-term contracts for a majority of our supply requirements, and for the remainder we depend on spot purchases. there can be no assurance that we will be able to renew, or obtain replacements for, any of our long-term contracts when they expire on terms that are as favorable as our existing agreements, or at all.
from time to time, increasing demand levels have caused regional supply constraints in the industry and further increases in demand levels could exacerbate these issues. such constraints could impact our production or force us to purchase primary metal and other supplies from alternative sources, which may not be available in sufficient quantities or on terms that are favorable to us. howmet could also have exposure if a key supplier is unable to deliver sufficient quantities of a necessary material on a timely basis. in addition, a significant downturn in the business or financial condition of a key supplier exposes us to the risk of default by the supplier on its contractual agreement, and this risk is increased by weak and deteriorating economic conditions on a global, regional or industry sector level. any of the foregoing supply chain disruptions or those due to capacity constraints, trade barriers, labor shortages, business continuity, quality, cyber attacks, delivery issues or disruptions due to weather-related, natural disaster, or pandemic events could adversely affect howmet's operations and profitability.
howmet's business could be adversely affected by increases in the cost or volatility in the availability of raw materials.
howmet may be adversely affected by changes in the availability or cost of raw materials (including, but not limited to, nickel, titanium, aluminum, cobalt, vanadium and platinum), as well as freight costs associated with transportation of raw materials. the availability and costs of certain raw materials necessary for the production of howmet's products may be influenced by private or government entities including mergers and acquisitions, changes in geopolitical conditions or regulatory requirements (such as human rights regulations or environmental regulations), labor relations between the producers and their work forces, unstable governments in exporting nations, export quotas, sanctions, new or increased import duties, countervailing or anti-dumping duties, market forces of supply and demand, and inflation. in addition, from time to time, commodity prices may fall rapidly. when this happens, suppliers may withdraw capacity from the market until prices improve, which may cause periodic supply interruptions. howmet may be unable to offset fully the effects of raw material shortages or higher costs through customer price increases, productivity improvements or cost reduction programs. shortages or price fluctuations in raw materials could have a material adverse effect on howmet's operating results.
howmet could be adversely affected by the loss of key customers or significant changes in the business or financial condition of its customers.
howmet has long-term contracts with a significant number of its customers, some of which are subject to renewal, renegotiation or re-pricing at periodic intervals or upon changes in competitive supply conditions. howmet's failure to successfully renew, renegotiate or favorably re-price such agreements, or a material deterioration in or termination of these customer relationships, could result in a reduction or loss in customer purchase volume or revenue.
additionally, a significant downturn or deterioration in the business or financial condition or loss of a key customer supplied by howmet could affect howmet's financial results. howmet's customers may experience delays in the launch of new products, labor strikes, diminished liquidity or credit unavailability, weak demand for their products, or other difficulties in their businesses. for example, due to the grounding of the 737 max aircraft by regulatory authorities in march 2019, boeing suspended production of the aircraft in january 2020 and resumed low-rate production in may 2020, which has resulted in a reduction in the company's sales. while regulatory authorities in the united states and certain other jurisdictions lifted grounding orders beginning in late 2020, our sales could continue to be negatively affected from the residual impacts of the 737 max grounding.
howmet's customers may also change their business strategies or modify their business relationships with howmet, including to reduce the amount of howmet's products they purchase or to switch to alternative suppliers. if howmet's customers reduce, terminate or delay purchases from howmet due to the foregoing factors or otherwise and howmet is unsuccessful in enforcing its contract rights or replacing such business in whole or in part or replaces it with less profitable business, our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected.
howmet could be adversely affected by reductions in defense spending.
howmet's products are used in a variety of military applications, including military aircraft. although many of the programs in which howmet participates extend several years, they are subject to annual funding through congressional appropriations. changes in military strategy, policy and priorities, or reductions in defense spending, may affect current and future funding of these programs and could reduce the demand for howmet's products, which could adversely affect howmet's business, financial condition or results of operations.
howmet may be unable to realize future targets or goals established for its business, or complete projects, at the levels, projected costs or by the dates targeted.
from time to time, howmet may announce future targets or goals for its business, including revenue growth, cash generation, cost savings, restructuring plans, cost reductions and improvements in profitability. future targets and goals reflect the company's beliefs and assumptions and are based on the company's then current expectations, its perception of historical trends, and estimates and projections about the environment, economies and markets in which howmet operates, as well as other applicable factors. as such, they are inherently subject to significant business, economic, competitive and other uncertainties regarding future events, including the risks discussed in this report. the actual outcome may be materially different. failure by the company to achieve the targets or goals at the levels or by the dates targeted, if at all, may have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, results of operations or the market price of its securities.
in addition, the implementation of howmet's business strategy may involve the entry into and the execution of complex projects, which place significant demands on the company's management and personnel, and may depend on numerous factors beyond the company's control. there can be no assurance that such projects will be completed within budgeted costs, on a timely basis, or at all, whether due to the risks described in this report, or other factors. the failure to complete a material project as planned, or a significant delay in its execution, could have an adverse effect on howmet's business, financial condition or results of operations.
howmet faces significant competition, which may have an adverse effect on profitability.
as discussed in part i, item 1 (business-competitive conditions) of this report, the markets for howmet's products are highly competitive. howmet's competitors include a variety of both u.s. and non-u.s. companies in our product markets. new product offerings, new technologies in the marketplace or new facilities may compete with or replace howmet products. the willingness of customers to accept substitutes for the products sold by howmet, the ability of large customers to exert leverage in the marketplace to affect the pricing for howmet's products, and technological advancements or other developments by or affecting howmet's competitors or customers could adversely affect howmet's business, financial condition or results of operations.
in addition, howmet may face increased competition due to industry consolidation. as companies attempt to strengthen or maintain their market positions in an evolving industry, companies could be acquired or merged. companies that are strategic alliance partners in some areas of howmet's business may acquire or form alliances with howmet's competitors, thereby reducing their business with howmet. industry consolidation may result in stronger competitors who are better able to obtain favorable terms from suppliers or who are better able to compete as sole-source vendors for customers. consolidation within howmet's customer base may result in customers who are better able to command increased leverage in negotiating prices and other terms of sale, which could adversely affect howmet's profitability. moreover, if, as a result of increased leverage, customers require howmet to reduce its pricing such that its gross margins are diminished, howmet could decide not to sell certain products to a particular customer, or not to sell certain products at all, which would decrease howmet's revenue and could benefit its competitors. consolidation within howmet's customer base may also lead to reduced demand for howmet's products if a combined entity replaces howmet's products with those of howmet's competitors with which it has prior relationships. the result of these developments could have a material adverse effect on howmet's business, operating results and financial condition.
howmet may be unable to develop innovative new products or implement technology initiatives successfully.
howmet's competitive position and future performance depends, in part, on the company's ability to:
•identify and evolve with emerging technological and broader industry trends in howmet's end markets;
•identify and successfully execute on a strategy to remain an essential and sustainable element of our customers' supply chains;
•fund, develop, manufacture and bring innovative new products to market quickly and cost-effectively;
•monitor disruptive technologies and understand customers' and competitors' abilities to deploy such technologies; and
•achieve sufficient return on investment for new products based on capital expenditures and research and development spending.
howmet is working on new developments for a number of strategic projects, including advanced alloy development, engineered product design, and other advanced manufacturing technologies. while howmet intends to continue to develop innovative new products and services, it may not be able to successfully differentiate its products or services from those of its competitors or match the level of research and development spending of its competitors, including those developing technology to displace howmet's current products. in addition, howmet may not be able to adapt to evolving markets and technologies or achieve and maintain technological advantages. there can be no assurance that any of howmet's new products, development programs or technologies will be commercially adopted or be beneficial to howmet.
howmet's business depends, in part, on its ability to meet increased program demand successfully and to mitigate the impact of program cancellations, reductions and delays.
howmet is currently under contract to supply components for a number of new and existing commercial, general aviation, military aircraft and aircraft engine programs. many of these contracts contemplate production increases over the next several years. if howmet fails to meet production levels or encounters difficulty or unexpected costs in meeting such levels, it could have a material adverse effect on the company's business, financial condition or results of operations. similarly, program cancellations, reductions or delays could also have a material adverse effect on howmet's business.
risks related to legal and regulatory matters product liability, product safety, personal injury, property damage, and recall claims and investigations may materially affect howmet's financial condition and damage its reputation.
the manufacture and sale of our products expose howmet to potential product liability, personal injury, property damage and related claims. these claims may arise from allegations of failure to meet product specifications, product design flaws and malfunction of products, as well as from misuse of our products, use of our products in an unintended, unapproved or unrecommended manner, or use of our products with systems not manufactured or sold by us. new data and information, including information about the ways in which howmet's products are used, may lead howmet, regulatory authorities, government agencies or other entities or organizations to publish guidelines or recommendations, or impose restrictions, related to the manufacturing or use of howmet's products.
in the event that a howmet product fails to perform as expected, regardless of fault, or is used in an unexpected manner, and such failure or use results in, or is alleged to result in, bodily injury and/or property damage or other losses, howmet may be subject to product liability lawsuits and other claims, or may be required or requested by its customers to participate in a recall or other corrective action involving such product. in addition, if a howmet product is perceived to be defective or unsafe, howmet's sales could decrease, its reputation could be adversely impacted and it could be subject to further liability claims. moreover, events that give rise to actual, potential or perceived product safety concerns could expose howmet to government investigations or regulatory enforcement actions.
there can be no assurance that howmet will be successful in defending any such proceedings or that insurance available to howmet will be sufficient to cover any losses associated with such proceedings. an adverse outcome in one or more of these proceedings or investigations could: (i) have a material adverse effect on howmet's business, financial condition or profitability; (ii) impose substantial monetary damages and/or non-monetary penalties; (iii) result in additional litigation, regulatory investigations or other proceedings involving howmet; (iv) result in loss of customers; (v) require changes to our products or business operations; or (vi) damage howmet's reputation and/or negatively impact the market price of howmet's common stock. even if howmet successfully defends against these types of claims, howmet could still be required to spend a substantial amount of money in connection with legal proceedings or investigations with respect to such claims; howmet's management could be required to devote significant time, attention and operational resources responding to and defending against these claims and responding to these investigations; and howmet's reputation could suffer. product liability claims and related lawsuits and investigations, product recalls, and allegations of product safety or quality issues, regardless of their validity or ultimate outcome, may have a material adverse effect on howmet's business, financial condition and reputation and on our ability to attract and retain customers.
our business may be adversely affected if we fail to comply with government contracting regulations.
we derive a portion of our revenue from sales to u.s. and foreign governments and their respective agencies, as a subcontractor of their prime contractors. such contracts are subject to various procurement laws and regulations and contract provisions relating to their formation, administration and performance. failure to comply with these laws, regulations or provisions in our government contracts could result in the imposition of various civil and criminal penalties, termination of contracts, forfeiture of profits, suspension of payments, increased pricing pressure or suspension from future government contracting. if our government contracts are terminated, if we are suspended from government work, or if our ability to compete for new contracts is adversely affected, our financial condition and results of operation could be adversely affected.
howmet's global operations expose howmet to risks that could adversely affect its business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows or the market price of its securities.
howmet has operations or activities in numerous countries and regions outside the united states, including europe, canada, mexico, china, and japan. as a result, howmet's global operations are affected by economic, political and other conditions in the foreign countries in which howmet does business, as well as u.s. laws regulating international trade, including:
•economic and commercial instability risks, including those caused by sovereign and private debt default, corruption, and changes in local government laws, regulations and policies, such as those related to tariffs, sanctions and trade barriers (including tariffs imposed by the united states as well as retaliatory tariffs imposed by china or other foreign entities), taxation, data privacy, exchange controls, employment regulations and repatriation of assets or earnings;
•geopolitical risks such as political instability, civil unrest, expropriation, nationalization of properties by a government, imposition of sanctions, and renegotiation or nullification of existing agreements;
•war, terrorist activities, kidnapping of personnel or other dangerous conditions;
•major public health issues, such as an outbreak of a pandemic or epidemic (such as sudden acute respiratory syndrome, avian influenza, h7n9 virus, coronavirus (including covid-19), and the ebola virus), which could cause disruptions in howmet's operations, workforce, supply chain or end markets;
•difficulties enforcing contractual rights and intellectual property, including a lack of remedies for misappropriation in certain jurisdictions;
•changes in trade and tax laws that may result in our customers being subjected to increased taxes, duties and tariffs and reduce their willingness to use our services in countries in which we are currently manufacturing their products;
•compliance with antitrust and competition regulations;
•rising labor costs or labor unrest, including strikes;
•compliance with foreign labor laws, which generally provide for increased notice, severance and consultation requirements as compared to u.s. laws;
•aggressive, selective or lax enforcement of laws and regulations by foreign governmental authorities;
•compliance with the foreign corrupt practices act and other anti-bribery and corruption laws;
•compliance with u.s. laws concerning trade, including the international traffic in arms regulations, the export administration regulations, and the sanctions, regulations and embargoes administered by the u.s. department of treasury's office of foreign assets control;
•imposition of currency controls; and
•adverse tax audit rulings.
although the effect of any of the foregoing factors is difficult to predict, any one or more of them could adversely affect howmet's business, financial condition, or results of operations. the company's international operations subject howmet to complex and dynamic laws and regulations that, in some cases, could result in conflict or inconsistency between applicable laws of different jurisdictions and/or legal obligations. while howmet believes it has adopted appropriate risk management, compliance programs and insurance arrangements to address and reduce the associated risks, such measures may provide inadequate protection against costs, penalties, liabilities or other potential risks such as loss of export privileges or repatriation of assets that may arise from such events.
howmet may face challenges to its intellectual property rights which could adversely affect the company's reputation, business and competitive position.
howmet owns important intellectual property, including patents, trademarks, copyrights and trade secrets. the company's intellectual property plays an important role in maintaining howmet's competitive position in a number of the markets that the company serves. howmet's competitors may develop technologies that are similar or superior to howmet's proprietary technologies or design around the patents howmet owns or licenses. despite its controls and safeguards, howmet's technology may be misappropriated by its employees, its competitors or other third parties. the pursuit of remedies for any misappropriation of howmet intellectual property is expensive and the ultimate remedies may be deemed insufficient. further, in jurisdictions where the enforcement of intellectual property rights is less robust, the risk of misappropriation of howmet intellectual property increases, despite efforts the company undertakes to protect it. developments or assertions by or against howmet relating to intellectual property rights, and any inability to protect or enforce howmet's rights sufficiently, could adversely affect howmet's business and competitive position.
howmet may be exposed to significant legal proceedings, investigations or changes in u.s. federal, state or foreign law, regulation or policy.
howmet's results of operations or liquidity in a particular period could be affected by new or increasingly stringent laws, regulatory requirements or interpretations, or outcomes of significant legal proceedings or investigations adverse to howmet. the company may experience an unfavorable change in effective tax rates or become subject to unexpected or rising costs associated with business operations or provision of health or welfare benefits to employees due to changes in laws, regulations or policies.
howmet is also subject to a variety of legal and regulatory compliance risks in the united states and abroad in connection with its business and products. these risks include, among other things, potential claims relating to product liability, product testing, health and safety, environmental matters, employment matters, required record keeping and record retention, compliance with securities laws, intellectual property rights, government contracts and taxes, insurance or commercial matters, as well as compliance with u.s. and foreign laws and regulations, including those governing import and export, anti-bribery, antitrust and competition, sales and trading practices, human rights and modern slavery, sourcing of raw materials, third-party relationships, supply chain operations and the manufacture and sale of products. howmet may be a party to litigation in a foreign jurisdiction where geopolitical risks might influence the ultimate outcome of such litigation. howmet could be subject to fines, penalties, damages (in certain cases, treble damages), or suspension or debarment from government contracts.
the global and diverse nature of howmet's operations means that these risks will continue to exist, and additional legal proceedings and contingencies may arise from time to time. while howmet believes it has adopted appropriate risk management and compliance programs to address and reduce these risks, including insurance arrangements with respect to these risks, such measures may provide inadequate protection against liabilities that may arise. in addition, various factors or developments can lead the company to change current estimates of liabilities or make such estimates for matters previously unsusceptible to reasonable estimates, such as a significant judicial ruling or judgment, a significant settlement, significant regulatory developments or changes in applicable law. a future adverse ruling or settlement or unfavorable changes in laws, regulations or policies, or other contingencies that the company cannot predict with certainty could have a material adverse effect on the company's financial condition, results of operations or cash flows in a particular period. litigation and compliance efforts may require substantial attention from management and could result in significant legal expenses, settlement costs or damage awards that could have a material impact on the company's financial position, results of operations and cash flows. for additional information regarding the legal proceedings involving the company, see part i, item 3 (legal proceedings) of this report and in note v to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8.
unanticipated changes in howmet's tax provisions or exposure to additional tax liabilities could affect howmet's future profitability.
howmet is subject to income taxes in both the united states and various non-u.s. jurisdictions. its domestic and international tax liabilities are dependent upon the distribution of income among these different jurisdictions. changes in applicable domestic or foreign tax laws and regulations, or their interpretation and application, including the possibility of retroactive effect, could affect the company's tax expense and profitability. howmet's tax expense includes estimates of additional tax that may be incurred for tax exposures and reflects various estimates and assumptions. the assumptions include assessments of future earnings of the company that could impact the valuation of its deferred tax assets. the company's future results of operations could be adversely affected by changes in the effective tax rate as a result of a change in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the overall profitability of the company, changes in tax legislation and rates, changes in generally accepted accounting principles, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, the results of tax audits and examinations of previously filed tax returns or related litigation and continuing assessments of its tax exposures.
corporate tax law changes continue to be analyzed in the united states and in many other jurisdictions. in particular, on december 22, 2017, the tax cuts and jobs act (the "2017 act") was signed into law, significantly reforming the u.s. internal revenue code of 1986, as amended. during 2018, the internal revenue service (the "irs") began a number of guidance projects which serve to both interpret and implement the 2017 act. those guidance projects, which include both proposed and final treasury regulations, continued into 2020. howmet continues to review the ongoing interpretive guidance and evaluate its consequences. the ultimate impact of the 2017 act may differ from reported amounts due to, among other things, changes resulting from such ongoing guidance. further, we cannot predict the impact of any efforts to change or repeal the 2017 act or enact alternative legislation by the new presidential administration or congress.
labor disputes and other employee relations issues could adversely affect howmet's business, financial condition or results of operations.
a significant portion of howmet's employees are represented by labor unions in a number of countries under various collective bargaining agreements with varying durations and expiration dates. for more information, see "employees" in part i, item 1 (business) of this report. while howmet previously has been successful in renegotiating its collective bargaining agreements with various unions, howmet may not be able to satisfactorily renegotiate all collective bargaining agreements in the united states and other countries when they expire. in addition, existing collective bargaining agreements may not prevent a strike or work stoppage at howmet's facilities in the future. howmet may also be subject to general country strikes or work stoppages unrelated to its business or collective bargaining agreements. any such work stoppages (or potential work stoppages) could have a material adverse effect on howmet's business, financial condition or results of operations.
howmet is subject to privacy and data security/protection laws in the jurisdictions in which it operates and may be exposed to substantial costs and liabilities associated with such laws and regulations.
the regulatory environment surrounding information security and privacy is increasingly demanding, with frequent imposition of new and changing requirements. for example, the european union's general data protection regulation ("gdpr"), which became effective in may 2018, imposed significant new requirements on how companies process and transfer personal data, as well as significant fines for non-compliance. compliance with changes in privacy and information security laws and standards may result in significant expense due to increased investment in technology and the development of new operational processes, which could have a material adverse effect on howmet's financial condition and results of operations. in addition, the payment of potentially significant fines or penalties in the event of a breach of the gdpr or other privacy and information security laws, as well as the negative publicity associated with such a breach, could damage the company's reputation and adversely impact product demand and customer relationships.
failure to comply with domestic or international employment and related laws could result in penalties or costs that could have a material adverse effect on howmet's business results.
howmet is subject to a variety of domestic and foreign employment laws, such as the fair labor standards act (which governs such matters as minimum wages, overtime and other working conditions), state and local wage laws, the employee retirement income security act, and regulations related to safety, discrimination, organizing, whistle-blowing, classification of employees, privacy and severance payments, citizenship requirements, and healthcare insurance mandates. allegations that howmet has violated such laws or regulations could damage the company's reputation and lead to fines from or settlements with federal, state or foreign regulatory authorities or damages payable to employees, which could have a material adverse impact on howmet's operations and financial condition.
howmet is exposed to environmental, health and safety risks and is subject to a broad range of health, safety and environmental laws and regulations which may result in substantial costs and liabilities.
howmet's operations worldwide are subject to numerous complex and increasingly stringent health, safety and environmental laws and regulations. the costs of complying with such laws and regulations, including participation in assessments and cleanups of sites, as well as internal voluntary programs, are significant and will continue to be so for the foreseeable future. environmental laws may impose cleanup liability on owners and occupiers of contaminated property, including present, past or divested properties, regardless of whether the owners and occupiers caused the contamination or whether the activity that caused the contamination was lawful at the time it was conducted. environmental matters for which howmet may be liable may arise in the future at its present sites, at sites owned or operated by its predecessors or affiliates, at sites that it may acquire in the future, or at third-party sites used by howmet, its predecessors or affiliates for material and waste handling and disposal. compliance with health, safety and environmental laws and regulations, including remediation obligations, may prove to be more challenging and costly than the company anticipates. howmet's results of operations or liquidity in a particular period could be affected by certain health, safety or environmental matters, including remediation costs and damages related to certain sites as well as other health and safety risks relating to its operations and products. additionally, evolving regulatory standards and expectations can result in increased litigation and/or increased costs, including increased remediation costs, all of which can have a material and adverse effect on the company's financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
in addition, the industrial activities conducted at howmet's facilities present a significant risk of injury or death to our employees, customers or third parties that may be on site. we have experienced serious injuries in the past, notwithstanding the safety protocols, practices and precautions we take. our operations are subject to regulation by various federal, state and local agencies in the united states and regulation by foreign government entities abroad responsible for employee health and safety, including the occupational safety and health administration. from time to time, we have incurred fines for violations of various health and safety standards. in addition to industrial activities, the global covid-19 pandemic will continue to significantly impact the health of our employees and increase the cost of health and safety measures within our operations. significant community transmission in the vicinity of our operations is likely to impact the workforce availability due to quarantine and isolation practices. social distancing, mask use, testing and other measures increase costs of operation. while we maintain insurance and have in place policies to minimize risks associated with industrial activities and covid-19, we may nevertheless be unable to avoid material liabilities relating to any injury, death or other workers compensation claims. these types of incidents may not be covered by or may exceed our insurance coverage and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition or result in negative publicity and/or significant reputational harm.
howmet may be affected by global climate change or by legal, regulatory, or market responses to such change.
increased concern over climate change has led to new and proposed legislative and regulatory initiatives, such as cap-and-trade systems, additional limits on emissions of greenhouse gases or corporate average fuel economy ("cafe") standards in the united states. new or revised laws and regulations in this area could directly and indirectly affect howmet and its customers and suppliers, including by increasing the costs of production or impacting demand for certain products, which could result in an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. compliance with any new or more stringent laws or regulations, or stricter interpretations of existing laws, could require additional expenditures by the company or its customers or suppliers. also, howmet relies on natural gas, electricity, fuel oil and transport fuel to operate its facilities. any increased costs of these energy sources because of new laws could be passed along to the company and its customers and suppliers, which could also have a negative impact on howmet's profitability.
physical risk associated with climate change may result in an increase of the exposure and impact of events with damage due to flooding, extreme winds and extreme precipitation for howmet locations, suppliers or customers. prolonged periods of drought may result in wildfires, which may have an adverse effect on production capacity of howmet sites, suppliers and customers. while we maintain insurance coverage, these types of incidents may not be covered by or may exceed our insurance coverage and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
risks related to liquidity and capital resources a decline in howmet's financial performance or outlook or a deterioration in its credit profile could negatively impact the company's access to capital markets, its liquidity and its borrowing costs.
howmet has significant capital requirements and depends, in part, upon the issuance of debt to fund its operations and contractual commitments and pursue strategic actions. a decline in the company's financial performance or outlook due to internal or external factors could affect the company's access to, and the availability or cost of, financing on acceptable terms and conditions. there can be no assurance that howmet will have access to the global capital market on terms the company finds acceptable. limitations on howmet's ability to access the global capital markets, a reduction in the company's liquidity or an increase in borrowing costs could materially and adversely affect howmet's ability to maintain or grow its business, which in turn may adversely affect its financial condition and results of operations.
a downgrade of howmet's credit ratings could limit its ability to obtain future financing, increase borrowing costs and costs relating to credit facilities, adversely affect the market price of howmet securities, trigger collateral postings, or otherwise impair its business, financial condition, and results of operations.
howmet's credit ratings are important to the company's cost of capital. the major credit rating agencies evaluate our creditworthiness and give us specified credit ratings. these ratings are based on a number of factors, including our financial strength and financial policies as well as our strategies, operations, execution and timeliness of financial reporting. these credit ratings are limited in scope, and do not address all material risks related to investment in us, but rather reflect only the view of each rating agency at the time the rating is issued. nonetheless, the credit ratings howmet receives impact our borrowing costs as well as the terms upon which we will have access to capital. failure to maintain sufficiently high credit ratings could adversely affect the interest rate in future financings, our liquidity or our competitive position, and could also restrict our access to capital markets. for information on our credit ratings, see "liquidity and capital resources" in part ii, item 7 (management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations).
there can be no assurance that one or more of the credit rating agencies will not take negative actions with respect to howmet's ratings in the future. increased debt levels, macroeconomic conditions, a deterioration in the company's debt protection metrics, a contraction in the company's liquidity, or other factors could potentially trigger such actions. a rating agency may lower, suspend or withdraw entirely a rating or place it on negative outlook or watch if, in that rating agency's judgment, circumstances so warrant. a downgrade of howmet's credit ratings by one or more rating agencies could result in adverse consequences, including: (i) adversely impact the market price of howmet securities; (ii) adversely affect existing financing (for example, a downgrade by s&p or moody's would subject howmet to higher costs under the credit agreement); (iii) limit access to the capital (including commercial paper) or credit markets or otherwise adversely affect the availability of other new financing on favorable terms, if at all; (iv) result in more restrictive covenants in agreements governing the terms of any future indebtedness that the company incurs; (v) increase the cost of borrowing or fees on undrawn credit facilities; or (vi) result in vendors or counterparties seeking collateral or letters of credit from howmet.
limitations on howmet's ability to access the global capital markets, a reduction in howmet's liquidity or an increase in borrowing costs could materially and adversely affect howmet's ability to maintain or grow its business, which in turn may adversely affect its financial condition, liquidity and results of operations.
howmet's business and growth prospects may be negatively impacted by limits in its capital expenditures.
howmet requires substantial capital to invest in growth opportunities and to maintain and prolong the life and capacity of its existing facilities. insufficient cash generation or capital project overruns may negatively impact howmet's ability to fund as planned its sustaining and return-seeking capital projects. over the long term, howmet's ability to take advantage of improved market conditions or growth opportunities in its businesses may be constrained by earlier capital expenditure restrictions, which could adversely affect the long-term value of its business and the company's position in relation to its competitors.
an adverse decline in the liability discount rate, lower-than-expected investment return on pension assets and other factors could adversely affect howmet's results of operations or amount of pension funding contributions in future periods.
howmet's results of operations may be negatively affected by the amount of expense howmet records for its pension and other postretirement benefit plans, reductions in the fair value of plan assets and other factors. howmet calculates income or expense for its plans using actuarial valuations in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america ("gaap").
these valuations reflect assumptions about financial market and other economic conditions, which may change based on changes in key economic indicators. the most significant year-end assumptions used by howmet to estimate pension or other postretirement benefit income or expense for the following year are the discount rate applied to plan liabilities and the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets. in addition, howmet is required to make an annual measurement of plan assets and liabilities, which may result in a significant charge to shareholders' equity. for a discussion regarding how howmet's financial statements can be affected by pension and other postretirement benefits accounting policies, see "critical accounting policies and estimates-pension and other postretirement benefits" in part ii, item 7 (management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations) and note h to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8. although gaap expense and pension funding contributions are impacted by different regulations and requirements, the key economic factors that affect gaap expense would also likely affect the amount of cash or securities howmet would contribute to the pension plans.
potential pension contributions include both mandatory amounts required under federal law and discretionary contributions to improve the plans' funded status. the moving ahead for progress in the 21st century act ("map-21"), enacted in 2012, provided temporary relief for employers like howmet who sponsor defined benefit pension plans related to funding contributions under the employee retirement income security act of 1974 by allowing the use of a 25-year average discount rate within an upper and lower range for purposes of determining minimum funding obligations. in 2014, the highway and transportation funding act ("hatfa") extended the relief provided by map-21 and modified the interest rates that had been set by map-21. in 2015, the bipartisan budget act of 2015 ("bba 2015") extended the relief period provided by hatfa. howmet believes that the relief provided by bba 2015 will moderately reduce the cash flow sensitivity of the company's u.s. pension plans' funded status over the next several years due to recent and potential future declines in discount rates. however, higher than expected pension contributions due to a decline in the plans' funded status as a result of unpredictable future declines in the discount rate or lower-than-expected investment returns on plan assets could have a material negative effect on the company's cash flows. adverse capital market conditions could result in reductions in the fair value of plan assets and increase the company's liabilities related to such plans, which could adversely affect our liquidity and results of operations.
howmet is exposed to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates, as well as inflation, economic factors, and currency controls in the countries in which it operates.
economic factors, including inflation and fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates, competitive factors in the countries in which howmet operates, and volatility or deterioration in the global economic and financial environment could affect howmet's revenue, expenses and results of operations. changes in the valuation of the u.s. dollar against other currencies, including the euro, british pound, canadian dollar, chinese yuan (renminbi), and japanese yen, may affect howmet's profitability.
in addition, a portion of howmet's indebtedness, including borrowings, if any, under the company's five-year credit facility, bears interest at rates equal to the london interbank offering rate ("libor") plus an applicable margin based on the credit ratings of howmet's outstanding senior unsecured long-term debt. accordingly, the company is subject to risk from changes in interest rates on the variable component of the rate. further, libor is the subject of recent national, international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. these reforms and other pressures may cause libor to disappear entirely or to perform differently than in the past. the consequences of these developments cannot be entirely predicted, but could include changes in the cost of howmet's variable rate indebtedness.
howmet also faces risks arising from the imposition of cash repatriation restrictions and exchange controls. cash repatriation restrictions and exchange controls may limit the company's ability to convert foreign currencies into u.s. dollars or to remit dividends and other payments by howmet's foreign subsidiaries or businesses located in or conducted within a country imposing restrictions or controls. while howmet currently has no need, and does not intend, to repatriate or convert cash held in countries that have significant restrictions or controls in place, should the company need to do so to fund its operations, it may be unable to repatriate or convert such cash, or be unable to do so without incurring substantial costs. howmet currently has operations in countries that have cash repatriation restrictions or exchange controls in place, including china, and, if the company were to need to repatriate or convert such cash, these controls and restrictions may have an adverse effect on howmet's operating results and financial condition.
dividends and share repurchases fall within the discretion of our board of directors, depend on a number of factors, and are subject to limits under the company's credit agreement.
share repurchases and the declaration of dividends fall within the discretion of howmet's board of directors, and the board's decision regarding such matters depends on many factors, including howmet's financial condition, earnings, capital requirements, debt service obligations, covenants associated with certain of the company's debt obligations, industry practice, legal requirements, regulatory constraints and other factors that the board deems relevant. in addition, under the company's amendment to the credit agreement, during the period from june 30, 2020 through december 31, 2021 (unless the company ends this period earlier in accordance with the amendment or otherwise), common stock dividends and share repurchases are permitted only if no borrowings are outstanding under the credit agreement and are limited to an aggregate amount of $100 million through june 30, 2021, with such limit increasing to an aggregate amount of $250 million after june 30, 2021 if the consolidated net debt to consolidated ebitda ratio is no greater than 3.75 to 1.00. the company suspended dividends in april 2020 to preserve cash and provide flexibility in light of the impact of the covid-19 pandemic. since june 30, 2020, the company has repurchased approximately $73 million of its common stock. there can be no assurance that the company will declare dividends or repurchase stock in the future in any particular amounts, or at all.
general risks failure to attract and retain a highly skilled and diverse global workforce, or provide adequate succession plans for key personnel could adversely affect howmet's operations and competitiveness.
howmet's global operations require highly skilled personnel with relevant industry and technical experience. shortages in certain skills, in areas such as engineering, manufacturing and technology and other labor market inadequacies have created more competition for talent among us and other companies both within and outside of our industry. if the company fails to attract, develop and retain a diverse global workforce with the skills and in the locations we need to operate and grow our business, our operations could be adversely impacted.
in addition, the continuity of key personnel and the preservation of institutional knowledge are vital to the success of the company's growth and business strategy. the loss of key members of management and other personnel could significantly harm howmet's business, and any unplanned turnover, or failure to develop adequate succession plans for key positions, could deplete the company's institutional knowledge base, result in loss of technical or other expertise, delay or impede the execution of the company's business plans and erode howmet's competitiveness.
howmet may be unable to realize the expected benefits from acquisitions, divestitures and strategic alliances.
howmet has made, and may continue to plan and execute, acquisitions and divestitures and take other actions to grow its business or streamline its portfolio. there is no assurance that anticipated benefits will be realized. acquisitions present significant challenges and risks, including the effective integration of the business into the company, unanticipated costs and liabilities, and the ability to realize anticipated benefits, such as growth in market share, revenue or margins, at the levels or in the timeframe expected. the company may be unable to manage acquisitions successfully. additionally, adverse factors may prevent howmet from realizing the benefits of its growth projects, including unfavorable global economic conditions, currency fluctuations, or unexpected delays in target timelines.
with respect to portfolio optimization actions such as divestitures, curtailments and closures, howmet may face barriers to exit from unprofitable businesses or operations, including high exit costs or objections from customers, suppliers, unions, local or national governments, or other stakeholders. in addition, howmet may retain unforeseen liabilities for divested entities or businesses, including, but not limited to, if a buyer fails to honor all commitments. howmet's business operations are capital intensive, and curtailment or closure of operations or facilities may include significant charges, including employee separation costs, asset impairment charges and other measures.
in addition, howmet has participated in, and may continue to participate in, strategic alliances, joint ventures and other similar arrangements from time to time. strategic alliances and joint ventures inherently involve special risks. even if howmet holds majority interests or maintains operational control in such arrangements, its partners may have opposing economic or business interests, exercise veto rights to block howmet actions, take action contrary to howmet's policies or objectives, or, as a result of financial or other difficulties, be unable to fulfill their obligations.
there can be no assurance that acquisitions, growth investments, divestitures, closures, strategic alliances, joint ventures or similar arrangements will be undertaken or completed in their entirety as planned or that they will be beneficial to howmet, whether due to the above-described risks, unfavorable global economic conditions, increases in costs, currency fluctuations, geopolitical risks, or other factors.
anti-takeover provisions could prevent or delay a change in control of howmet, including a takeover attempt by a third party and limit the power of howmet's shareholders.
howmet's certificate of incorporation and bylaws contain, and delaware law contains, provisions that are intended to deter coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids by making such practices or bids unacceptably expensive to the bidder and to encourage prospective acquirers to negotiate with howmet's board of directors rather than to attempt a hostile takeover. for example, howmet is subject to section 203 of the delaware general corporation law, which imposes certain restrictions on mergers and other business combinations between the company and any holder of 15% or more of the company's outstanding common stock, which could make it more difficult for another party to acquire howmet. additionally, the company's certificate of incorporation authorizes howmet's board of directors to issue preferred stock or adopt other anti-takeover measures without stockholder approval. these provisions may apply even if an offer may be considered beneficial by some stockholders and could delay or prevent an acquisition that howmet's board of directors determines is not in the best interests of howmet's shareholders. these provisions may also limit the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of howmet common stock or prevent or discourage attempts to remove and replace incumbent directors.
arconic corporation may fail to perform under various transaction agreements that were executed as part of the arconic inc. separation transaction.
in connection with the arconic inc. separation transaction, we entered into a separation and distribution agreement with arconic corporation and also entered into various other agreements, including a tax matters agreement, an agreement related to the davenport plant, an employee matters agreement, intellectual property license agreements, metal supply agreements and real estate and office leases. the separation and distribution agreement, the tax matters agreement and the employee matters agreement, together with the documents and agreements by which the internal reorganization of the company prior to the separation was effected, determined the allocation of assets and liabilities between us and arconic corporation following the arconic inc. separation transaction for those respective areas and included any necessary indemnifications related to liabilities and obligations. we will rely on arconic corporation to satisfy its performance and payment obligations under these agreements. if arconic corporation is unable or unwilling to satisfy its obligations under these agreements, including its indemnification obligations, we could incur operational difficulties and/or losses.
in connection with the arconic inc. separation transaction, arconic corporation agreed to indemnify us for certain liabilities and we agreed to indemnify arconic corporation for certain liabilities. if we are required to pay under these indemnities to arconic corporation, our financial results could be negatively impacted. the arconic corporation indemnity may not be sufficient to hold us harmless from the full amount of liabilities for which arconic corporation is allocated responsibility, and arconic corporation may not be able to satisfy its indemnification obligations in the future.
pursuant to the separation and distribution agreement and certain other agreements with arconic corporation, arconic corporation has agreed to indemnify us for certain liabilities, and we have agreed to indemnify arconic corporation for certain liabilities, in each case for uncapped amounts. indemnities that we may be required to provide arconic corporation are not subject to any cap, may be significant and could negatively impact our business. third parties could also seek to hold us responsible for any of the liabilities that arconic corporation has agreed to retain. any amounts we are required to pay pursuant to these indemnification obligations and other liabilities could require us to divert cash that would otherwise have been used in furtherance of the company's operations. further, the indemnity from arconic corporation may not be sufficient to protect us against the full amount of such liabilities, and arconic corporation may not be able to fully satisfy its indemnification obligations. moreover, even if we ultimately succeed in recovering from arconic corporation any amounts for which we are held liable, we may be temporarily required to bear such losses. each of these risks could negatively affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
the arconic inc. separation transaction could result in substantial tax liability.
it was a condition to the distribution of arconic that we receive an opinion of our outside counsel, satisfactory to our board of directors, regarding the qualification of the distribution, together with certain related transactions, as a "reorganization" within the meaning of sections 355 and 368(a)(1)(d) of the internal revenue code of 1986, as amended (the "code"). this condition was satisfied prior to the distribution of arconic. however, the opinion of counsel was based upon and relied on, among other things, various facts and assumptions, as well as certain representations, statements and undertakings by us and arconic corporation, including those relating to the past and future conduct by us and arconic corporation. if any of these facts, assumptions, representations, statements or undertakings is, or becomes, inaccurate or incomplete, or if we or arconic corporation breach any of our representations or covenants contained in the separation agreement and certain other agreements and documents or in any documents relating to the opinion of counsel, the opinion of counsel may be invalid and the conclusions reached therein could be jeopardized.
notwithstanding our receipt of the opinion of counsel, the internal revenue service (the "irs") could determine that the distribution of arconic and/or certain related transactions should be treated as taxable transactions for u.s. federal income tax purposes if it determines that any of the representations, assumptions or undertakings upon which the opinion of counsel was based are false or have been violated. in addition, the opinion of counsel represents the judgment of such counsel and is not binding on the irs or any court, and the irs or a court may disagree with the conclusions in the opinion of counsel. accordingly, notwithstanding receipt of the opinion of counsel, there can be no assurance that: (i) the irs will not assert that the distribution of arconic and/or certain related transactions do not qualify for tax-free treatment for u.s. federal income tax purposes; or (ii) a court would not sustain such a challenge. in the event the irs were to prevail with such challenge, we, our stockholders and arconic corporation, could be subject to significant u.s. federal income tax liability.
if the distribution of arconic fails to qualify as a transaction that is generally tax-free for u.s. federal income tax purposes under sections 355 and 368(a)(1)(d) of the code, in general, for u.s. federal income tax purposes, we would recognize taxable gain as if we had sold the arconic corporation common stock in a taxable sale for its fair market value, and our stockholders who received such arconic corporation shares in the distribution of arconic would be subject to tax as if they had received a taxable distribution equal to the fair market value of such shares.
under current u.s. federal income tax law, even if the distribution of arconic, together with certain related transactions, otherwise qualifies for tax-free treatment under sections 355 and 368(a)(1)(d) of the code, the distribution of arconic may nevertheless be rendered taxable to us as a result of certain post-distribution transactions, including certain acquisitions of shares or assets of ours or arconic corporation. under the tax matters agreement entered into between us and arconic corporation in connection with the arconic inc. separation transaction, arconic corporation may be required to indemnify us for any taxes resulting from the arconic inc. separation transaction (and any related costs and other damages) to the extent such amounts resulted from (i) an acquisition of all or a portion of the equity securities or assets of arconic corporation, whether by merger or otherwise (and regardless of whether we participated in or otherwise facilitated the acquisition), (ii) other actions or failures to act by arconic corporation, or (iii) any of arconic corporation's representations, covenants or undertakings contained in the separation agreement and certain other agreements and documents or in any documents relating to the opinion of counsel being incorrect or violated. however, the indemnity from arconic corporation may not be sufficient to protect us against the full amount of such additional taxes or related liabilities, and arconic corporation may not be able to fully satisfy its indemnification obligations. moreover, even if we ultimately succeed in recovering from arconic corporation any amounts for which we are held liable, we may be temporarily required to bear such losses. in addition, we and our subsidiaries may incur certain tax costs in connection with the arconic inc. separation transaction, including non-u.s. tax costs resulting from transactions (including the internal reorganization) in non-u.s. jurisdictions, which may be material. each of these risks could negatively affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
the alcoa inc. separation transaction could result in substantial tax liability.
it was a condition to the distribution of alcoa that (i) the private letter ruling from the internal revenue service (the "irs") regarding certain u.s. federal income tax matters relating to the alcoa inc. separation transaction and the distribution of alcoa received by howmet remain valid and be satisfactory to howmet's board of directors and (ii) howmet receive an opinion of its outside counsel, satisfactory to the board of directors, regarding the qualification of the distribution of alcoa, together with certain related transactions, as a transaction that is generally tax-free, for u.s. federal income tax purposes, under sections 355 and 368(a)(1)(d) of the internal revenue code of 1986, as amended (the "code"). both of these conditions were satisfied prior to the distribution of alcoa. however, the irs private letter ruling and the opinion of counsel were based upon and relied on, among other things, various facts and assumptions, as well as certain representations, statements and undertakings of howmet and alcoa corporation, including those relating to the past and future conduct of howmet and alcoa corporation. if any of these representations, statements or undertakings is, or becomes, inaccurate or incomplete, or if howmet or alcoa corporation breaches any of its representations or covenants contained in any of the alcoa inc. separation transaction-related agreements and documents or in any documents relating to the irs private letter ruling and/or the opinion of counsel, the irs private letter ruling and/or the opinion of counsel may be invalid and the conclusions reached therein could be jeopardized.
notwithstanding howmet's receipt of the irs private letter ruling and the opinion of counsel, the irs could determine that the distribution of alcoa and/or certain related transactions should be treated as taxable transactions for u.s. federal income tax purposes if it determines that any of the representations, assumptions or undertakings upon which the irs private letter ruling or the opinion of counsel was based are false or have been violated. in addition, the irs private letter ruling does not address all of the issues that are relevant to determining whether the distribution of alcoa, together with certain related transactions, qualifies as a transaction that is generally tax-free for u.s. federal income tax purposes, and the opinion of counsel represents the judgment of such counsel and is not binding on the irs or any court and the irs or a court may disagree with the conclusions in the opinion of counsel. accordingly, notwithstanding receipt by howmet of the irs private letter ruling and the opinion of counsel, there can be no assurance that (i) the irs will not assert that the distribution of alcoa and/or certain related transactions do not qualify for tax-free treatment for u.s. federal income tax purposes; or (ii) a court would not sustain such a challenge. in the event the irs were to prevail with such challenge, howmet, alcoa corporation and howmet shareholders could be subject to significant u.s. federal income tax liability.
if the distribution of alcoa, together with certain related transactions, fails to qualify as a transaction that is generally tax-free, for u.s. federal income tax purposes, under sections 355 and 368(a)(1)(d) of the code, in general, for u.s. federal income tax purposes, howmet would recognize taxable gain as if it had sold the alcoa corporation common stock in a taxable sale for its fair market value and howmet shareholders who received alcoa corporation shares in the distribution would be subject to tax as if they had received a taxable distribution equal to the fair market value of such shares.
under current u.s. federal income tax law, even if the distribution of alcoa, together with certain related transactions, otherwise qualifies for tax-free treatment under sections 355 and 368(a)(1)(d) of the code, the distribution of alcoa may nevertheless be rendered taxable to howmet and its shareholders as a result of certain post-distribution of alcoa transactions, including certain acquisitions of shares or assets of howmet or alcoa corporation. the possibility of rendering the distribution of alcoa taxable as a result of such transactions may limit howmet's ability to pursue certain equity issuances, strategic transactions or other transactions that would otherwise maximize the value of howmet's business. under the tax matters agreement that howmet entered into with alcoa corporation, alcoa corporation may be required to indemnify howmet against any additional taxes and related amounts resulting from (i) an acquisition of all or a portion of the equity securities or assets of alcoa corporation, whether by merger or otherwise (and regardless of whether alcoa corporation participated in or otherwise facilitated the acquisition), (ii) other actions or failures to act by alcoa corporation or (iii) any of alcoa corporation's representations, covenants or undertakings contained in any of the alcoa inc. separation transaction-related agreements and documents or in any documents relating to the irs private letter ruling and/or the opinion of counsel being incorrect or violated. however, the indemnity from alcoa corporation may be insufficient to protect howmet against the full amount of such additional taxes or related liabilities, and alcoa corporation may be unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations fully. moreover, even if howmet ultimately succeeds in recovering from alcoa corporation any amounts for which howmet is held liable, howmet may be temporarily required to bear such losses. in addition, howmet and howmet's subsidiaries may incur certain tax costs in connection with the alcoa inc. separation transaction, including tax costs resulting from separations in non-u.s. jurisdictions, which may be material. each of these risks could negatively affect howmet's business, results of operations and financial condition.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
(dollars in millions, except per-share amounts)
overview our business howmet is a global leader in lightweight metals engineering and manufacturing. howmet's innovative, multi-material products, which include nickel, titanium, aluminum, and cobalt, are used worldwide in the aerospace (commercial and defense), commercial transportation, and industrial and other end markets.
howmet is a global company operating in 20 countries. based upon the country where the point of shipment occurred, the united states and europe generated 68% and 21%, respectively, of howmet's sales in 2020. in addition, howmet has operating activities in numerous countries and regions outside the united states and europe, including canada, mexico, china and japan. governmental policies, laws and regulations, and other economic factors, including inflation and fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates, affect the results of operations in countries with such operating activities.
management review of 2020 and outlook for the future in 2020, sales decreased 26% over 2019 primarily as a result of lower volumes in the commercial aerospace and commercial transportation markets driven by the impacts of covid-19 and 737 max and 787 production declines along with a decrease in sales of $116 due to the divestiture of the forgings business in the united kingdom in december 2019, all partially offset by 14% and 28% sales growth in the defense aerospace and industrial gas turbine markets, respectively, as well as favorable product pricing.
in the segments, segment operating profit decreased 36% from 2019 due to lower volumes in the commercial aerospace and commercial transportation markets driven by the impacts of covid-19 and 737 max and 787 production declines and unfavorable product mix, partially offset by favorable product pricing, net cost savings and 14% and 28% sales growth in the defense aerospace and industrial gas turbine markets, respectively.
management continued its focus on liquidity and cash flows as well as improving its operating performance through cost reductions, streamlined organizational structures, margin enhancement, and profitable revenue generation. management has continued its intensified focus on capital efficiency. this focus and the related results enabled howmet to end 2020 with a solid financial position.
the following financial information reflects certain key highlights of howmet's 2020 results:
•sales of $5,259 down 26% from 2019, with significant reductions in sales in commercial aerospace and commercial transportation markets, driven by covid-19 and 737 max and 787 production declines;
•net income from continuing operations of $211, or $0.48 per diluted share;
•income from continuing operations before income taxes of $171, a decrease of $39, or 19%, from 2019;
•total segment operating profit of $890, a decrease of $500, or 36%, from 2019(1);
•cash provided from operations of $9; cash used for financing activities of $369; and cash provided from investing activities of $271;
•cash on hand at the end of the year of $1,610; and
•total debt of $5,075, primarily due to a decrease of $865 from 2019, reflecting repayments of $2,040 along with $20 of other debt, partially offset by issuance of debt during the second quarter of 2020 of $1,200 notes due 2025.
(1) see below in results of operations for the reconciliation of total segment operating profit to income from continuing operations before income taxes.
the company rapidly executed on the separation plan that was announced during february 2019 with completion of the separation on april 1, 2020. the company separated into two independent, publicly-traded companies, howmet aerospace inc. and arconic corporation (the "arconic inc. separation transaction"). howmet aerospace is comprised of the engineered products and forgings businesses (engine products, fastening systems, engineered structures, and forged wheels) and is listed under the stock ticker of "hwm." arconic corporation is comprised of the former global rolled products segment (global rolled products, aluminum extrusions, and building and construction systems) and is under the new company name arconic corporation, listed on the new york stock exchange under the symbol "arnc."
results of operations earnings summary sales. sales for 2020 were $5,259 compared with $7,098 in 2019, a decrease of $1,839, or 26%. the decrease was primarily a result of lower volumes in the commercial aerospace and commercial transportation markets driven by the impacts of covid-19 and 737 max and 787 production declines along with a decrease in sales of $116 due to the divestiture of the forgings business in the u.k. in december 2019, all partially offset by growth in the defense aerospace and industrial gas turbine markets and favorable product pricing.
sales for 2019 were $7,098 compared with $6,778 in 2018, an increase of $320, or 5%. the increase was primarily due to volume growth in aerospace, commercial transportation, and industrial end markets; and favorable pricing when fulfilling volume above contractual share and renewing contracts; partially offset by lower sales from the divestitures of forgings businesses in the united kingdom (divested in december 2019) and hungary (divested in december 2018); and unfavorable foreign currency movements.
cost of goods sold (cogs). cogs as a percentage of sales was 73.7% in 2020 compared with 73.5% in 2019. the increase was primarily due to the impact of covid-19 and lower volumes, partially offset by net cost savings, favorable product pricing, intentional product exits, and the impairment of energy business assets of $10 in the second quarter of 2019. in 2019, the company sustained a fire at a fasteners plant in france. additionally, in mid-february 2020, a fire occurred at the company's forged wheels plant located in barberton, ohio. the company submitted insurance claims related to these plant fires and received partial settlements of $39 in 2020 compared to $25 in 2019, which were in excess of the insurance deductible. in 2020, the company recorded charges of $41 related to plant fires compared to $26 in 2019. the downtime reduced production levels and affected productivity at the plants.
cogs as a percentage of sales was 73.5% in 2019 compared with 75.4% in 2018. the decrease was primarily due to lower raw material costs; net costs savings; favorable product pricing; and costs incurred in 2018 that did not recur in 2019 related to settlements of certain customer claims, partially offset by an unfavorable product mix and the impairment of energy business assets of $10. additionally, in 2019, the company sustained a fire at a fasteners plant in france and recorded charges of $26 for higher operating costs, equipment and inventory damage, and repairs and cleanup costs. the company submitted an insurance claim and received partial settlement of $25, which was in excess of its $10 insurance deductible. the insurance claim included $8 of margin not recognized from lost revenue due to the fire.
selling, general administrative, and other expenses (sg&a). sg&a expenses were $277, or 5.3% of sales, in 2020 compared with $400, or 5.6% of sales, in 2019. the decrease in sg&a of $123, or 31%, was primarily due to overhead cost reductions and lower net legal and other advisory costs related to grenfell tower of $20, partially offset by higher costs associated with the arconic inc. separation transaction through june 30, 2020 of $2.
sg&a expenses were $400, or 5.6% of sales, in 2019 compared with $371, or 5.5% of sales, in 2018. the increase in sg&a of $29, or 8%, was primarily due to costs associated with the arconic inc. separation transaction of $5 and higher annual incentive compensation accruals and executive compensation costs, partially offset by lower costs driven by overhead cost reductions and lower net legal and other advisory costs related to grenfell tower of $10, primarily due to insurance reimbursements.
research and development expenses (r&d). r&d expenses were $17 in 2020 compared with $28 in 2019. the decrease of $11, or 39%, was primarily due to the continued consolidation of the company's primary r&d facility in conjunction with ongoing cost reduction efforts.
r&d expenses were $28 in 2019 compared with $41 in 2018. the decrease of $13, or 32%, was primarily due to the consolidation of the company's primary r&d facility in conjunction with ongoing cost reduction efforts.
provision for depreciation and amortization (d&a). the provision for d&a was $279 in 2020 compared with $295 in 2019. the decrease of $16, or 5%, was primarily driven by asset impairments of the disks long-lived assets group during the second quarter of 2019 (see notes o and p to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8. (financial statements and supplementary data) of this form 10-k) and the impact of divestitures as well as lower corporate software amortization and research center depreciation, which were partially offset by increased forged wheels d&a due to the capacity expansion in hungary, capacity expansions at two u.s. facilities and an additional $6 d&a related to the barberton fire.
the provision for d&a was $295 in 2019 compared with $314 in 2018. the decrease of $19, or 6% was primarily due to the impact of divestitures, as well as asset impairments of the disks long-lived asset group during the second quarter of 2019 (see note o and p to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8. (financial statements and supplementary data) of this form 10-k).
restructuring and other charges. restructuring and other charges were $182 in 2020 compared with $582 in 2019 and $163 in 2018.
restructuring and other charges in 2020 consisted primarily of a $113 charge for layoff costs, a $74 charge for u.k. and u.s. pension plans' settlement accounting; a $5 post-closing adjustment related to the sale of the company's u.k. forgings business; a $5 charge for impairment of assets associated with an agreement to sell an aerospace components business in the u.k that did not occur and the business was returned to held for use; $5 charge related to the impairment of a cost method investment, which were partially offset by a benefit of $21 related to the reversal of a number of prior period programs;
restructuring and other charges in 2019 consisted primarily of a $428 charge for impairment of the disks long-lived asset group; a $69 charge for layoff costs; a $46 charge for impairment of assets associated with an agreement to sell the u.k. forgings business; a $14 charge for impairment of properties, plants, and equipment related to the company's primary research and development facility; a $13 loss on sale of assets primarily related to a small additive business; a $12 charge for other exit costs from lease terminations primarily related to the exit of the corporate aircraft; a $9 settlement accounting charge for u.s. pension plans; a $5 charge for impairment of a cost method investment; and a $7 charge for other exit costs; which were partially offset by a benefit of $16 related to the elimination of the life insurance benefit for the u.s. salaried and non-bargaining hourly retirees of the company and its subsidiaries.
restructuring and other charges in 2018 consisted primarily of a $96 charge for pension plan settlement accounting; a $23 charge for pension curtailment; a $43 loss on sale of a hungary forgings business; a $18 charge for layoff costs; a $12 charge for contract termination costs and asset impairments associated with the shutdown of a facility in acuna, mexico; which were offset partially by a $28 postretirement curtailment benefit.
see note e to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8. (financial statements and supplementary data) of this form 10-k.
interest expense. interest expense was $381 in 2020 compared with $338 in 2019. the increase of $43, or 13%, was primarily due to premiums paid on the early redemption of debt of $59 which was offset by lower debt outstanding in 2020 driven by the early redemption of $1,000, $889 and $151 of the principal amount of the 6.150% notes, 5.400% notes due in 2021 and 5.870% notes due in 2022, respectively, in april and may 2020, which was offset by the issuance on april 24, 2020 of the 6.875% notes due 2025 in the aggregate principal amount of $1,200.
interest expense was $338 in 2019 compared with $377 in 2018. the decrease of $39, or 10%, was primarily due to lower debt outstanding, driven by the repayment of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the 1.63% convertible notes of approximately $403 on october 15, 2019, as well as costs incurred of $19 in 2018 related to the premium paid on the early redemption of the company's then outstanding 5.72% senior notes due in 2019 that did not recur in 2019.
on january 15, 2021, the company completed the early redemption of all of the remaining $361 aggregate principal amount of the 5.400% notes due in april 2021 (the "5.400% notes") as well as $5 in accrued interest. the redemption of these 5.400% notes will save approximately $5 in interest expense, net in the first quarter of 2021 and $19 annually.
other expense (income), net. other expense (income), net was $74 in 2020 compared with $31 in 2019. the increase in expense of $43 was primarily driven by the write-off of an indemnification receivable related to a spanish tax reserve reflecting alcoa corporation's 49% share and arconic corporation's 33.66% share of a spanish tax reserve of $53 and lower interest income of $19, which were partially offset by lower deferred compensation expense of $14 and favorable foreign currency movements of $16.
other expense (income), net was $31 in 2019 compared with other expense (income), net of $(30) in 2018. the increase in other expense, net of $61 was primarily due to an increase in deferred compensation expense of $32 and the benefit recognized in 2018 from establishing a tax indemnification receivable reflecting alcoa corporation's 49% share of a spanish tax reserve of $29.
income taxes. howmet's effective tax rate was 23.4% (benefit on pre-tax income) in 2020 compared with the u.s. federal statutory rate of 21%. the effective rate differs from the u.s. federal statutory rate primarily as a result of a $64 benefit related to the release of an income tax reserve following a favorable spanish tax case decision, a $30 benefit related to the recognition of a previously uncertain u.s. tax position, and a $30 benefit for a u.s. tax law change related to the issuance of final regulations that provide for an exclusion of certain high-taxed foreign earnings from the calculation of global intangible low-taxed income ("gilti"), partially offset by u.s. tax on foreign earnings, $8 of charges related to the remeasurement of deferred tax balances as a result of the arconic inc. separation transaction, the tax impact of $49 of nondeductible loss related to the reversal of indemnification receivables associated with the favorable spanish tax case decision, and the tax impact of other nondeductible expenses.
howmet's effective tax rate was 40.0% (provision on pre-tax income) in 2019 compared with the u.s. federal statutory rate of 21%. the effective rate differs from the u.s. federal statutory rate primarily as a result of foreign income taxed in higher rate jurisdictions and subject to u.s. taxes including gilti, foreign losses with no tax benefit, and other nondeductible expenses, partially offset by a $24 benefit associated with the deduction of foreign taxes that were previously claimed as a u.s. foreign tax credit, and a $12 benefit for a foreign tax rate change.
howmet's effective tax rate was 27.8% (provision on pre-tax income) in 2018 compared with the u.s. federal statutory rate of 21%. the effective tax rate differs from the u.s. federal statutory rate primarily as a result of a $60 charge to establish a tax reserve in spain, a $59 net charge resulting from the company's finalized analysis of the u.s. tax cuts and jobs act of 2017 (the "2017 act"), and foreign income taxed in higher rate jurisdictions and subject to u.s. taxes including gilti, partially offset by a $74 benefit related to the reversal of a foreign recapture obligation, a $38 benefit to reverse a foreign tax reserve that was effectively settled, and a $10 benefit for the release of u.s. valuation allowances.
howmet anticipates that the effective tax rate in 2021 will be between 26.5% and 28.5%. however, changes in the current economic environment, tax legislation or rate changes, currency fluctuations, ability to realize deferred tax assets, movements in stock price impacting tax benefits or deficiencies on stock-based payment awards, and the results of operations in certain taxing jurisdictions may cause this estimated rate to fluctuate.
net income from continuing operations. net income from continuing operations was $211, or $0.48 per diluted share, for 2020 compared to $126, or $0.27 per diluted share, in 2019. the increase in results of $85, or 67%, was primarily due to the non-recurring 2019 impact of the $428 charge for impairment of the disks long-lived asset group included in restructuring and other charges, a decrease of $123 due to lower sg&a costs, favorable product pricing, and a net $10 related to the settlement of the spanish corporate income tax audit, partially offset by a decrease in volumes in the commercial aerospace and commercial transportation markets, the impact of covid-19, and an increase in premiums paid on the early redemption of debt of $59.
net income from continuing operations was $126, or $0.27 per diluted share, for 2019 compared to $309, or $0.63 per diluted share, for 2018. the decrease in results of $183, or 59%, was primarily due to higher restructuring charges primarily due to the non-recurring 2019 impact of the $428 charge for impairment of the disks long-lived asset group, higher sg&a costs related primarily to annual incentive compensation accruals and executive compensation costs, higher other expense, net due to an increase in deferred compensation expense, and the benefit recognized in 2018 from establishing a tax indemnification receivable reflecting alcoa corporation's 49% share of a spanish tax reserve of $29 that did not recur in 2019, partially offset by volume growth, favorable product pricing, net cost savings, lower d&a due to the impact of divestitures as well as asset impairments related to the disks long-lived asset group, lower interest expense due to lower debt outstanding and costs incurred of $19 in 2018 related to the premium paid on the early redemption of debt that did not recur in 2019, and lower income taxes primarily as a result of a benefit related to a u.s. tax election which caused the deemed liquidation of a foreign subsidiary's assets into its u.s. tax parent.
net income. net income was $261 for 2020 composed of $211 of income from continuing operations and $50 from discontinued operations, or $0.48 and $0.11 per diluted share, respectively.
net income was $470 for 2019 composed of $126 of income from continuing operations and $344 from discontinued operations, or $0.27 and $0.76 per diluted share, respectively.
net income was $642 for 2018 composed of $309 of income from continuing operations and $333 from discontinued operations, or $0.63 and $0.67 per diluted share, respectively.
see details of discontinued operations in note c to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8. (financial statements and supplementary data) of this form 10-k.
segment information the company's operations consist of four worldwide reportable segments: engine products, fastening systems, engineered structures and forged wheels. segment performance under howmet's management reporting system is evaluated based on a number of factors; however, the primary measure of performance is segment operating profit. howmet's definition of segment operating profit is operating income excluding special items. special items include restructuring and other charges and impairment of goodwill. segment operating profit may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies. differences between segment totals and consolidated howmet are in corporate.
in the second quarter of 2020, the company realigned its operations consistent with how the co-chief executive officers assess operating performance and allocating capital in conjunction with the arconic inc. separation transaction (see note c to the consolidated financial statements in part ii item 8 of this form 10-k). prior period financial information has been recast to conform to current year presentation.
the company produces aerospace engine parts and components and aerospace fastening systems for boeing 737 max airplanes. in late december 2019, boeing announced a temporary suspension of production of the 737 max airplanes. this decline in production had a negative impact on sales and segment operating profit in the engine products, fastening systems and engineered structures segments for the full year ended december 31, 2020. while regulatory authorities in the united states and certain other jurisdictions lifted grounding orders beginning in late 2020, our sales could continue to be negatively affected from the residual impacts of the 737 max grounding.
income from continuing operations before income taxes totaled $171 in 2020, $210 in 2019, and $428 in 2018. segment operating profit for all reportable segments totaled $890 in 2020, $1,390 in 2019, and $1,105 in 2018. the following information provides sales and segment operating profit for each reportable segment for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2020. see below for the reconciliation of income from continuing operations before income taxes to total segment operating profit.
engine products
2020                                            2019                    2018
third-party sales                   $2,406                  $3,320                  $3,092
segment operating profit              $417                    $621                    $464
engine products produces investment castings, including airfoils, and seamless rolled rings primarily for aircraft engines (aerospace commercial and defense) and industrial gas turbines. engine products produces rotating parts as well as structural parts, which are sold directly to customers. generally, the sales and costs and expenses of this segment are transacted in the local currency of the respective operations, which are mostly the u.s. dollar, british pound and euro.
third-party sales for the engine products segment decreased $914 or 28% in 2020 compared with 2019, primarily due to lower volumes in the commercial aerospace end market driven by the impact of covid-19 and the suspension of 737 max production, along with a decrease in sales of $116 from the divestiture of the forgings business in the u.k. (december 2019) (see note u to the consolidated financial statements in part ii item 8 of this form 10-k), partially offset by higher volumes in the defense aerospace and industrial gas turbines end markets as well as favorable product pricing.
third-party sales for the engine products segment increased $228 or 7% in 2019 compared with 2018, primarily as a result of higher commercial and defense aerospace volumes and favorable product pricing, partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency movements and lower sales of $47 from divestitures of forgings businesses in the united kingdom (divested in december 2019) and hungary (divested in december 2018).
operating profit for the engine products segment decreased $204, or 33%, in 2020 compared with 2019, primarily due to lower commercial aerospace sales volumes from the suspension of 737 max production, and covid-19 productivity impacts, partially offset by cost reductions, favorable product pricing, and favorable sales volumes in the defense aerospace and industrial gas turbines end markets.
operating profit for the engine products segment increased $157 or 34% in 2019 compared with 2018, due to net cost savings, higher sales volumes as noted previously, favorable product pricing, and lower raw material costs, partially offset by the unfavorable impact of new product introductions in aerospace engines and unfavorable product mix.
on december 1, 2019, the company completed the divestiture of its forgings business in the united kingdom. the forgings business primarily produces steel, titanium, and nickel based forged components for aerospace, mining, and off-highway markets. this business generated third-party sales of $116 and $131 in 2019 and 2018, respectively, and had 540 employees at the time of the divestiture.
on december 31, 2018, as part of the company's then ongoing strategy and portfolio review, the company completed the sale of its forgings business in hungary that manufactured high volume steel forgings for drivetrain components in the european heavy-duty truck and automotive market. this business generated third-party sales of $32 in 2018, and had 180 employees at the time of the divestiture.
in 2021 compared to 2020, demand in industrial gas turbines and defense aerospace end markets is expected to increase while the commercial aerospace end market is expected to be down driven by the impact of covid-19. favorable product pricing and cost reductions are expected to continue.
fastening systems
2020                                            2019                    2018
third-party sales                   $1,245                  $1,561                  $1,531
segment operating profit              $247                    $396                    $357
fastening systems produces aerospace fastening systems, as well as commercial transportation fasteners. the business's high-tech, multi-material fastening systems are found nose to tail on aircraft and aero engines. the business's products are also critical components of automobiles, commercial transportation vehicles, and construction and industrial equipment. fastening systems are sold directly to customers and through distributors. generally, the sales and costs and expenses of this segment are transacted in the local currency of the respective operations, which are mostly the u.s. dollar, british pound and euro.
third-party sales for the fastening systems segment decreased $316 or 20% in 2020 compared with 2019, primarily due to lower sales volumes in the commercial aerospace end market driven by the impact of covid-19 and the suspension of 737 max production, along with lower volumes in the commercial transportation end market also impacted by the effects of covid-19, only slightly offset by volume growth in the industrial end market and favorable product pricing.
third-party sales for this segment increased $30, or 2%, in 2019 compared with 2018, primarily attributable to higher volumes in the aerospace and commercial transportation end markets, partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency movements.
operating profit for the fastening systems segment decreased $149, or 38%, in 2020 compared with 2019, primarily due to lower commercial aerospace and commercial transportation sales volumes and covid-19 productivity impacts, partially offset by cost reductions and favorable product pricing.
operating profit for the fastening systems segment increased $39, or 11%, in 2019 compared with 2018, due to net cost savings and higher volumes as noted previously, partially offset by an unfavorable product mix.
in 2021 compared to 2020, demand in the commercial aerospace end market is expected to be down driven by the impact of covid-19. favorable cost reductions are expected to continue.
engineered structures
2020                                          2019                    2018
third-party sales                   $927                  $1,255                  $1,209
segment operating profit             $73                    $120                     $64
engineered structures produces titanium ingots and mill products for aerospace and defense applications and is vertically integrated to produce titanium forgings, extrusions forming and machining services for airframe, wing, aero-engine, and landing gear components. engineered structures also produces aluminum forgings, nickel forgings, and aluminum machined components and assemblies for aerospace and defense applications. the segments products are sold directly to customers and through distributors and sales, costs, and expenses of this segment are generally transacted in the local currency of the respective operations, which are mostly the u.s. dollar, british pound and the euro.
third-party sales for the engineered structures segment decreased $328, or 26%, in 2020 compared with 2019, primarily due to lower sales volumes in the commercial aerospace end market driven by covid-19, boeing 787 production declines and 737 max production suspension, partially offset by an increase in the defense aerospace sales volume and favorable product pricing.
third-party sales for the engineered structures segment increased $46, or 4%, in 2019 compared with 2018, primarily the result of higher aerospace end market sales volumes and favorable product pricing, partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency movements.
operating profit for the engineered structures segment decreased $47, or 39%, in 2020 compared with 2019, primarily due to lower commercial aerospace sales volumes and covid-19 productivity impacts, partially offset by cost reductions, and favorable product pricing.
operating profit for the engineered structures segment increased $56 or 88%, in 2019 compared with 2018, primarily due to net cost savings, favorable product pricing, lower raw material costs, and higher aerospace end market sales volumes, partially offset by unfavorable product mix.
in 2021 compared to 2020, demand in the commercial aerospace end market is expected to be down driven by the impact of covid-19. favorable cost reductions are expected to continue.
forged wheels
2020                                          2019                  2018
third-party sales                   $679                  $969                  $966
segment operating profit            $153                  $253                  $220
forged wheels provides forged aluminum wheels and related products for heavy-duty trucks, trailers, and buses globally. forged wheels' products are sold directly to oems and through distributors with the sales and costs and expenses of this segment transacted in local currency.
third-party sales for the forged wheels segment decreased $290, or 30%, in 2020 compared with 2019, primarily due to lower volumes in the commercial transportation end market driven by covid-19 and production downtime related to the barberton plant fire (discussed below).
third-party sales for the forged wheels segment increased $3, effectively flat in 2019 compared with 2018, primarily the result of stable volumes in the commercial transportation end market.
operating profit for the forged wheels segment decreased $100, or 40%, in 2020 compared with 2019, primarily due to lower commercial transportation sales volumes and covid-19 productivity impacts, partially offset by cost reductions.
operating profit for the forged wheels segment increased $33 or 15%, in 2019 compared with 2018, primarily due to net cost savings and lower raw material costs.
in mid-february 2020, a fire occurred at the company's forged wheels plant located in barberton, ohio. the downtime reduced production levels and affected productivity at the plant. the company has insurance with a deductible of $10.
in 2021 compared to 2020, demand in the commercial transportation markets served by forged wheels is expected to increase in most regions. commercial transportation oems are expected to increase output as global economies recover from 2020 covid-19 lows.
reconciliation of total segment operating profit to income from continuing operations before income taxes
2020                                                                                      2019                    2018
income from continuing operations before income taxes          $171                    $210                    $428
interest expense                                                381                     338                     377
other expense (income), net                                      74                      31                    (30)
consolidated operating income                                  $626                    $579                    $775
unallocated amounts:
restructuring and other charges                                 182                     582                     163
corporate expense                                                82                     229                     167
total segment operating profit                                 $890                  $1,390                  $1,105
total segment operating profit is a non-gaap financial measure. management believes that this measure is meaningful to investors because management reviews the operating results of the segments of the company excluding corporate results.
see restructuring and other charges, interest expense, and other expense (income), net, discussions above under results of operations for reference.
corporate expense decreased $147, or 64%, in 2020 compared with 2019 primarily due to lower annual incentive compensation accruals and executive compensation costs, lower costs driven by overhead cost reductions, lower contract services and outsourcing costs; lower research and development expenses; and lower net legal and other advisory costs along with costs incurred in 2019 that did not recur in 2020, including the impacts of facility fires, net of insurance of $6 and collective bargaining agreement negotiation costs of $9. costs associated with the arconic inc. separation transaction of $7, were an increase of $2 compared to 2019.
corporate expense increased $62, or 37%, in 2019 compared with 2018 primarily due to costs associated with the arconic inc. separation transaction of $5; higher annual incentive compensation accruals and executive compensation costs; net impacts associated with a fire at a fasteners plant of $9 (net of insurance reimbursements); and collective bargaining agreement negotiation costs of $9; partially offset by costs incurred in 2018 that did not recur in 2019 related to settlements of certain customer claims of $38; lower costs driven by overhead cost reductions; lower research and development expenses; and lower net legal and other advisory costs related to grenfell tower of $10.
environmental matters see the environmental matters section of note v to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k.
liquidity and capital resources howmet maintains a disciplined approach to cash management and strengthening of its balance sheet. management continued to focus on actions to improve howmet's cost structure and liquidity, providing the company with the ability to operate effectively. such actions included procurement efficiencies and overhead rationalization to reduce costs, working capital initiatives, and maintaining a sustainable level of capital expenditures.
cash provided from operations and financing activities is expected to be adequate to cover howmet's operational and business needs over the next 12 months. for an analysis of long-term liquidity, see contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements below.
at december 31, 2020, cash and cash equivalents of howmet were $1,610, of which $253 was held by howmet's non-u.s. subsidiaries. if the cash held by non-u.s. subsidiaries were to be repatriated to the u.s., the company does not expect there to be additional material income tax consequences.
the cash flows related to arconic corporation have not been segregated and are included in the statement of consolidated cash flows for all periods prior to the arconic inc. separation transaction.
during 2020 the company identified a misclassification in the presentation of changes in accounts payable and capital expenditures in its previously issued statement of consolidated cash flows, and has revised its statement of consolidated cash flows for 2019. see note a to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k for additional detail.
operating activities cash provided from operations in 2020 was $9 compared with $461 in 2019 and $217 in 2018.
the decrease in cash used for operations of $452, or 98%, between 2020 and 2019 was primarily due to lower operating results of $874, partially offset by lower working capital of $355 and lower noncurrent assets of $46, noncurrent liabilities of $10 and pension contributions of $11. the components of the change in working capital included favorable changes in receivables of $739, inventories of $77, and taxes, including income taxes of $100, offset by accounts payable of $380, accrued expenses of $175 and prepaid expenses and other current assets of $6.
the increase of $244, or 112%, between 2019 and 2018 was primarily due to higher operating results of $279 and lower pension contributions of $30 and noncurrent assets of $13, partially offset by higher working capital of $57 and noncurrent liabilities of $21. the components of the change in working capital included unfavorable changes in accounts payable of $340 and taxes, including income taxes of $106, partially offset by favorable changes in receivables of $165 accrued expenses of $148, inventories of $71 and prepaid expenses and other current assets of $5.
financing activities cash used for financing activities was $369 in 2020 compared with $1,568 in 2019 and $649 in 2018.
the use of cash in 2020 was primarily related to the repayments on borrowings under certain revolving credit facilities (see below) and repayments on debt, primarily the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the 6.15% notes due 2020 of approximately $2,040 (see note r to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8. financial statements and supplementary data), cash distributed to arconic corporation at the arconic inc. separation transaction of $500, repurchase of common stock of $73 (see note j to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8. financial statements and supplementary data), debt issuance costs of $61, premiums paid on the redemption of debt of $59, and dividends paid to shareholders of $11. these items were partially offset by long-term debt issuance of $2,400 (of which $1,200 went with arconic corporation at the arconic inc. separation transaction) and proceeds from the exercise of employee stock options of $33.
the use of cash in 2019 was primarily related to the repurchase of $1,150 of common stock (see note j to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8. financial statements and supplementary data); repayments on borrowings under certain revolving credit facilities (see below) and repayments on debt, primarily the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the 1.63% convertible notes of approximately $403 (see note r to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8. (financial statements and supplementary data)); and dividends paid to shareholders of $57. these items were partially offset by proceeds from the exercise of employee stock options of $56.
the use of cash in 2018 was principally the result of $1,103 in repayments on borrowings under certain revolving credit facilities (see below) and repayments on debt, primarily related to the early redemption of the then remaining outstanding 5.72% notes due in 2019 (see note r to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8. (financial statements and supplementary data of this form 10-k)) and $119 in dividends to shareholders. these items were partially offset by $600 in additions to debt, primarily from borrowings under certain revolving credit facilities.
the company maintains a five-year revolving credit agreement (the "credit agreement") with a syndicate of lenders and issuers named therein. on june 26, 2020, the company entered into an amendment to its credit agreement to modify certain terms which provided relief from its existing financial covenant through december 31, 2021 and reduced total commitment available from $1,500 to $1,000. see note r to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this form 10-k. in addition to the credit agreement, the company has other credit facilities from time to time.
the company may in the future repurchase additional portions of its debt or equity securities from time to time, in either the open market or through privately negotiated transactions, in accordance with applicable sec and other legal requirements. the timing, prices, and sizes of purchases depend upon prevailing trading prices, general economic and market conditions, and other factors, including applicable securities laws.
the company's costs of borrowing and ability to access the capital markets are affected not only by market conditions but also by the short- and long-term debt ratings assigned to the company by the major credit rating agencies.
the company's credit ratings from the three major credit rating agencies are as follows:
long-term debt       short-term debt                     outlook        date of last update standard and poor's        bb+                  b                                   negative       september 9, 2020
moody's                    ba3                  speculative grade liquidity-2       negative       april 23, 2020
fitch                      bbb-                 b                                   stable         april 22, 2020
investing activities cash provided from investing activities was $271 in 2020 compared with $528 in 2019 and $565 in 2018.
the source of cash in 2020 was primarily cash receipts from sold receivables of $422 and proceeds from the sale a rolling mill business in itapissuma, brazil for $50 and a hard alloy extrusions plant in south korea for $62 which were related to arconic corporation (see notes c and u to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 (financial statements and supplementary data)), partially offset by capital expenditures of $267.
the source of cash in 2019 was primarily cash receipts from sold receivables of $995, proceeds from the sale of assets and businesses of $103 primarily from the sale of a forgings business in the u.k. for $64 and the sale of inventories and properties, plants, and equipment related to a small energy business for $13 as well as contingent consideration of $20 related to the sale of the texarkana, texas rolling mill (which was part of arconic corporation at the arconic inc. separation transaction) (see notes c and u to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8. (financial statements and supplementary data)), and the sale of fixed income securities of $73, partially offset by capital expenditures of $641, including expansion of a wheels plant in hungary, expansion of aerospace airfoils capacity in the united states, and transition of the tennessee plant to industrial production (which was part of arconic corporation at the arconic inc. separation transaction).
the source of cash in 2018 was primarily cash receipts from sold receivables of $1,016 and proceeds from the sale of the texarkana, texas rolling mill and cast house of $302 which was related to arconic corporation, partially offset by capital expenditures of $768, including the horizontal heat treat furnace at the davenport, iowa plant (which was part of arconic corporation at the arconic inc. separation transaction) and an expansion of a wheels plant in székesfehérvár, hungary.
contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements contractual obligations howmet is required to make future payments under various contracts, including long-term purchase obligations, financing arrangements, and lease agreements. howmet also has commitments to fund its pension plans, provide payments for other postretirement benefit plans, and fund capital projects.
as of december 31, 2020, a summary of howmet's outstanding contractual obligations is as follows (these contractual obligations are grouped in the same manner as they are classified in the statement of consolidated cash flows in order to provide a better understanding of the nature of the obligations and to provide a basis for comparison to historical information):
total                    2021                  2022-2023                  2024-2025                 thereafter operating activities:
raw material purchase obligations                       $205                     $159                     $38                         $8                         $-
other purchase obligations                                54                       51                       3                          -                          -
operating leases                                         163                       44                      59                         28                         32
interest related to total debt                         1,941                      286                     519                        400                        736
estimated minimum required pension funding               514                      140                     229                        145                          -
other postretirement benefit payments                    146                       17                      32                         30                         67
layoff and other restructuring payments                   54                       54                       -                          -                          -
uncertain tax positions                                    2                        -                       -                          -                          2
financing activities:
total debt                                             5,102                      376                     476                      2,450                      1,800
investing activities:
capital projects                                         169                      123                      46                          -                          -
totals                                                $8,350                   $1,250                  $1,402                     $3,061                     $2,637
obligations for operating activities raw material purchase obligations consist mostly of aluminum, cobalt, nickel, and various other metals with expiration dates ranging from less than one year to five years. many of these purchase obligations contain variable pricing components, and, as a result, actual cash payments may differ from the estimates provided in the preceding table. the company generally passes through metal costs in customer contracts with limited exceptions. in connection with the arconic inc. separation transaction, the company entered into several agreements with arconic corporation that govern the relationship between the company and arconic corporation following the separation, including raw material supply agreements.
operating leases represent multi-year obligations for certain land and buildings, plant equipment, vehicles, and computer equipment.
interest related to total debt is based on interest rates in effect as of december 31, 2020 and is calculated on debt with maturities that extend to 2042.
estimated minimum required pension funding and postretirement benefit payments are based on actuarial estimates using current assumptions for discount rates, long-term rate of return on plan assets, and health care cost trend rates, among others. it is howmet's policy to fund amounts for pension plans sufficient to meet the minimum requirements set forth in applicable country benefits laws and tax laws. periodically, howmet contributes additional amounts as deemed appropriate. the estimates reported in the preceding table include amounts sufficient to meet the minimum required. howmet has determined that it is not practicable to present pension funding and other postretirement benefit payments beyond 2024 and 2029, respectively.
layoff and other restructuring payments to be paid within one year primarily relate to severance costs, special layoff benefit payments, and lease termination costs.
uncertain tax positions taken or expected to be taken on an income tax return may result in additional payments to tax authorities. the amount in the preceding table includes interest and penalties accrued related to such positions as of december 31, 2020. the total amount of uncertain tax positions is included in the "thereafter" column as the company is not able to reasonably estimate the timing of potential future payments. if a tax authority agrees with the tax position taken or expected to be taken or the applicable statute of limitations expires, then additional payments will not be necessary.
obligations for financing activities howmet has historically paid quarterly dividends on its preferred and common stock. including dividends on preferred stock, the company paid $11 in dividends to shareholders during 2020. because all dividends are subject to approval by howmet's board of directors, amounts are not included in the preceding table unless such authorization has occurred. as of december 31, 2020, there were 432,906,377 shares of outstanding common stock and 546,024 shares of outstanding class a preferred stock. in 2020, the preferred stock dividend was $3.75 per share. dividend of $0.02 per share on the company's common stock was paid in the first quarter of 2020. as the duration of the covid-19 pandemic is uncertain, the company is taking a series of actions to address the financial impact, including the suspension of dividends on common stock in april 2020. see part i, item 1a (risk factors).
obligations for investing activities capital projects in the preceding table only include amounts approved by management as of december 31, 2020. funding levels may vary in future years based on anticipated construction schedules of the projects. it is expected that significant expansion projects will be funded through various sources, including cash provided from operations. total capital expenditures are anticipated to be approximately 4% of sales in 2021.
off-balance sheet arrangements at december 31, 2020, the company had outstanding bank guarantees related to tax matters, outstanding debt, workers' compensation, environmental obligations, energy contracts, and customs duties, among others. the total amount committed under these guarantees, which expire at various dates between 2021 and 2040 was $44 at december 31, 2020.
pursuant to the separation and distribution agreement between the company and alcoa corporation, the company is required to provide certain guarantees for alcoa corporation, which had a combined fair value of $12 and $9 at december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively, and were included in other noncurrent liabilities and deferred credits on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. for a long-term supply agreement, the company is required to provide a guarantee up to an estimated present value amount of approximately $1,398 and $1,353 at december 31, 2020 and december 31, 2019, respectively, in the event of an alcoa corporation payment default. this guarantee expires in 2047. for this guarantee, subject to its provisions, the company is secondarily liable in the event of a payment default by alcoa corporation. the company currently views the risk of an alcoa corporation payment default on its obligations under the contract to be remote. in december 2019, arconic inc. entered into a one-year insurance policy with a limit of $80 relating to the long-term energy supply agreement. the premium is expected to be paid by alcoa corporation. in december 2020, a surety bond with a limit of $80 relating to the long-term energy supply agreement was obtained by alcoa corporation to protect howmet's obligation. this surety bond will be renewed on an annual basis.
howmet has outstanding letters of credit primarily related to workers' compensation, environmental obligations, and leasing obligations. the total amount committed under these letters of credit, which automatically renew or expire at various dates, mostly in 2021, was $105 at december 31, 2020.
pursuant to the separation and distribution agreements between the company and arconic corporation and between the company and alcoa corporation, the company is required to retain letters of credit of $53 that had previously been provided related to the company, arconic corporation, and alcoa corporation workers' compensation claims which occurred prior to the respective separation transactions of april 1, 2020 and november 1, 2016. arconic corporation and alcoa corporation workers' compensation claims and letter of credit fees paid by the company are being proportionally billed to and are being reimbursed by arconic corporation and alcoa corporation. also, the company was required to provide letters of credit for certain arconic corporation environmental obligations and, as a result, the company has $29 of outstanding letters of credit relating to liabilities (which are included in the $105 in the above paragraph). $13 of these outstanding letters of credit are pending cancellation and will be deemed cancelled once returned by the beneficiary. arconic corporation has issued surety bonds to cover these environmental obligations. arconic corporation is being billed for these letter of credit fees paid by the company and will reimburse the company for any payments made under these letters of credit.
howmet has outstanding surety bonds primarily related to tax matters, contract performance, workers' compensation, environmental-related matters, and customs duties. the total amount committed under these surety bonds, which expire at various dates, primarily in 2021, was $43 at december 31, 2020.
pursuant to the separation and distribution agreements between the company and arconic corporation and between the company and alcoa corporation, the company was required to provide surety bonds of $26 (which are included in the $43 in the above paragraph) that had previously been provided, related to the company, arconic corporation and alcoa corporation workers' compensation claims which occurred prior to the respective separation transactions of april 1, 2020 and november 1, 2016. arconic corporation and alcoa corporation workers' compensation letters of credit and surety bond fees paid by the company are being proportionally billed to and are being reimbursed by arconic corporation and alcoa corporation.
critical accounting policies and estimates the preparation of the consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america requires management to make certain judgments, estimates, and assumptions regarding uncertainties that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and disclosed in the accompanying notes. these estimates are based on historical experience and, in some cases, assumptions based on current and future market experience, including considerations relating to the impact of covid-19. the impact of covid-19 is rapidly changing and of unknown duration and macroeconomic impact and as a result, these considerations remain highly uncertain. areas that require significant judgments, estimates, and assumptions include the testing of goodwill, other intangible assets, and properties, plants, and equipment for impairment; estimating fair value of businesses acquired or divested; pension plans and other postretirement benefits obligations; stock-based compensation; and income taxes.
management uses historical experience and all available information to make these judgments, estimates, and assumptions, and actual results may differ from those used to prepare the company's consolidated financial statements at any given time. despite these inherent limitations, management believes that management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations and the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes provide a meaningful and fair perspective of the company.
a summary of the company's significant accounting policies is included in note a to the consolidated financial statements. management believes that the application of these policies on a consistent basis enables the company to provide the users of the consolidated financial statements with useful and reliable information about the company's operating results and financial condition.
goodwill. goodwill is not amortized; instead, it is reviewed for impairment annually (in the fourth quarter) or more frequently if indicators of impairment exist or if a decision is made to sell or realign a business. a significant amount of judgment is involved in determining if an indicator of impairment has occurred. such indicators may include deterioration in general economic conditions, negative developments in equity and credit markets, adverse changes in the markets in which an entity operates, increases in input costs that have a negative effect on earnings and cash flows, or a trend of negative or declining cash flows over multiple periods, among others. the fair value that could be realized in an actual transaction may differ from that used to evaluate the impairment of goodwill.
goodwill is allocated among and evaluated for impairment at the reporting unit level, which is defined as an operating segment or one level below an operating segment. howmet had four reporting units (engine products, fastening systems, engineered structures, and forged wheels) for 2020.
in reviewing goodwill for impairment, an entity has the option to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of events or circumstances leads to a determination that it is more likely than not (greater than 50%) that the estimated fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. if an entity elects to perform a qualitative assessment and determines that an impairment is more likely than not, the entity is then required to perform the quantitative impairment test (described below), otherwise no further analysis is required. an entity also may elect not to perform the qualitative assessment and, instead, proceed directly to the quantitative impairment test. the ultimate outcome of the goodwill impairment review for a reporting unit should be the same whether an entity chooses to perform the qualitative assessment or proceeds directly to the quantitative impairment test.
the company determines annually, based on facts and circumstances, which of its reporting units will be subject to the qualitative assessment. for those reporting units where a qualitative assessment is either not performed or for which the conclusion is that an impairment is more likely than not, a quantitative impairment test will be performed. howmet's policy is that a quantitative impairment test be performed for each reporting unit at least once during every three-year period.
under the qualitative assessment, various events and circumstances (or factors) that would affect the estimated fair value of a reporting unit are identified (similar to impairment indicators above). these factors are then classified by the type of impact they would have on the estimated fair value using positive, neutral, and adverse categories based on current business conditions. additionally, an assessment of the level of impact that a particular factor would have on the estimated fair value is determined using high, medium, and low weighting. furthermore, management considers the results of the most recent quantitative impairment test completed for a reporting unit and compares the weighted average cost of capital ("wacc") between the current and prior years for each reporting unit.
during the first quarter of 2020, howmet's market capitalization declined significantly compared to the fourth quarter of 2019. over the same period, the equity value of our peer group companies, and the overall u.s. stock market also declined significantly amid market volatility. in addition, as a result of the covid-19 pandemic and measures designed to contain the spread, sales globally to customers in the aerospace and commercial transportation industries impacted by covid-19 have been and are expected to be negatively impacted as a result of disruption in demand. as a result of these macroeconomic factors, we performed a qualitative impairment test to evaluate whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of any of our reporting units is less than its carrying value. as a result of this assessment, the company performed a quantitative impairment test in the first quarter for the engineered structures reporting unit and concluded that though the margin between the fair value of the reporting unit and carrying value had declined from approximately 60% to approximately 15%, it was not impaired. consistent with prior practice, a discounted cash flow model was used to estimate the current fair value of the reporting unit. the significant assumptions and estimates utilized to determine fair value were developed utilizing current market and forecast information reflecting the disruption in demand that has had and is expected to have a negative impact on the company's global sales in the aerospace industry. during the second and third quarters of 2020, there were no indicators of impairment identified for the engineered structures reporting unit.
during the 2020 annual review of goodwill in the fourth quarter, management proceeded directly to the quantitative impairment test for all four of its reporting units. the estimated fair values for each of the four reporting units exceeded their respective carrying values by 50% or greater; thus, there was no goodwill impairment. the annual goodwill impairment tests performed in the fourth quarter of 2019 and 2018 also indicated that goodwill was not impaired for any of the company's reporting units.
under the quantitative impairment test, the evaluation of impairment involves comparing the current fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying value, including goodwill. howmet uses a discounted cash flow ("dcf") model to estimate the current fair value of its reporting units when testing for impairment, as management believes forecasted cash flows are the best indicator of such fair value. a number of significant assumptions and estimates are involved in the application of the dcf model to forecast operating cash flows, including sales growth, production costs, capital spending, and discount rate. most of these assumptions vary significantly among the reporting units. cash flow forecasts are generally based on approved business unit operating plans for the early years and historical relationships in later years. the wacc rate for the individual reporting units is estimated with the assistance of valuation experts. howmet would recognize an impairment charge for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the reporting unit's fair value without exceeding the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit.
properties, plants, and equipment and other intangible assets. properties, plants, and equipment and other intangible assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets (asset group) may not be recoverable. recoverability of assets is determined by comparing the estimated undiscounted net cash flows of the operations related to the assets (asset group) to their carrying amount. an impairment loss would be recognized when the carrying amount of the assets (asset group) exceeds the estimated undiscounted net cash flows. the amount of the impairment loss to be recorded is measured as the excess of the carrying value of the assets (asset group) over their fair value, with fair value determined using the best information available, which generally is a dcf model. the determination of what constitutes an asset group, the associated estimated undiscounted net cash flows, and the estimated useful lives of the assets also require significant judgments.
during the second quarter of 2019, the company updated its five-year strategic plan and determined that there was a decline in the forecasted financial performance for the disks asset group within the engine products and forgings segment at that time.  as such, the company evaluated the recoverability of the disks asset group long-lived assets by comparing the carrying value to the undiscounted cash flows of the disks asset group. the carrying value exceeded the undiscounted cash flows and therefore the disks asset group long-lived assets were deemed to be impaired. the impairment charge was measured as the amount of carrying value in excess of fair value of the long-lived assets, with fair value determined using a dcf model and a combination of sales comparison and cost approach valuation methods including an estimate for economic obsolescence. the impairment charge of $428, of which $247 and $181 related to the engine products and engineered structures segments, respectively, which was recorded in the second quarter of 2019, impacted properties, plants, and equipment; intangible assets; and certain other noncurrent assets by $198, $197, and $33, respectively. the impairment charge was recorded in restructuring and other charges in the statement of consolidated operations.
discontinued operations and assets held for sale. the fair values of all businesses to be divested are estimated using accepted valuation techniques such as a dcf model, valuations performed by third parties, earnings multiples, or indicative bids, when available. a number of significant estimates and assumptions are involved in the application of these techniques, including the forecasting of markets and market share, sales volumes and prices, costs and expenses, and multiple other factors. management considers historical experience and all available information at the time the estimates are made; however, the fair value that is ultimately realized upon the divestiture of a business may differ from the estimated fair value reflected in the consolidated financial statements.
pension and other postretirement benefits. liabilities and expenses for pension and other postretirement benefits are determined using actuarial methodologies and incorporate significant assumptions, including the interest rate used to discount the future estimated liability, the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets, and several assumptions relating to the employee workforce (health care cost trend rates, retirement age, and mortality).
the interest rate used to discount future estimated liabilities for the u.s. is determined using a company-specific yield curve model (above-median) developed with the assistance of an external actuary, while both the u.k. and canada utilize models developed by the respective actuary. the cash flows of the plans' projected benefit obligations are discounted using a single equivalent rate derived from yields on high quality corporate bonds, which represent a broad diversification of issuers in various sectors, including finance and banking, industrials, transportation, and utilities, among others. the yield curve model parallels the plans' projected cash flows, which have a global average duration of 12 years. the underlying cash flows of the bonds included in the model exceed the cash flows needed to satisfy the company's plans' obligations multiple times. in 2020, 2019, and 2018, the discount rate used to determine benefit obligations for pension and other postretirement benefit plans was 2.40%, 3.00%, and 4.00%, respectively. the impact on the liabilities of a change in the discount rate of 1/4 of 1% would be approximately $90 and either a charge or credit of approximately $1 to earnings in the following year.
the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets is generally applied to a five-year market-related value of plan assets (a fair value at the plan measurement date is used for certain non-u.s. plans). the process used by management to develop this assumption is one that relies on a combination of historical asset return information and forward-looking returns by asset class. as it relates to historical asset return information, management focuses on various historical moving averages when developing this assumption. while consideration is given to recent performance and historical returns, the assumption represents a long-term, prospective return. management also incorporates expected future returns on current and planned asset allocations using information from various external investment managers and consultants, as well as management's own judgment.
for 2020, 2019, and 2018, management used 6.00%, 5.60%, and 5.90%, respectively, as its expected long-term rate of return on plan assets, which was based on the prevailing and planned strategic asset allocations, as well as estimates of future returns by asset class. these rates fell within the respective range of the 20-year moving average of actual performance and the expected future return developed by asset class. for 2021, management anticipates that 6.00% will be the expected long-term rate of return for the plan assets. a change in the assumption for the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets of 1/4 of 1% would impact earnings by approximately $4 for 2021.
in 2020, a net loss of $46 (after-tax) was recorded in other comprehensive loss, primarily due to the decrease in the discount rate, partially offset by the plan asset performance that was greater than expected, and by amortization of actuarial losses. after adjusting for the impact of arconic corporation's obligation, the net pension and other postretirement benefit obligation decreased less than 2% during 2020. in 2019, a net loss of $388 (after-tax) was recorded in other comprehensive loss, primarily due to the decrease in the discount rate, which was partially offset by the plan asset performance that was greater than expected, and by the amortization of actuarial losses. in 2018, a net loss of $114 (after-tax) was recorded in other comprehensive loss, primarily due to the impact of the adoption of new accounting guidance that permits a reclassification to retained earnings for stranded tax effects resulting from the tax cuts and jobs act of 2017, as well as the plan asset performance that was less than expected, which were partially offset by the increase in the discount rate and the amortization of actuarial losses.
stock-based compensation. howmet recognizes compensation expense for employee equity grants using the non-substantive vesting period approach, in which the expense is recognized ratably over the requisite service period based on the grant date fair value. forfeitures are accounted for as they occur. the fair value of new stock options is estimated on the date of grant using a lattice-pricing model. the fair value of performance awards containing a market condition is valued using a monte carlo valuation model. determining the fair value at the grant date requires judgment, including estimates for the average risk-free interest rate, dividend yield, volatility, and exercise behavior. these assumptions may differ significantly between grant dates because of changes in the actual results of these inputs that occur over time.
compensation expense recorded in 2020, 2019, and 2018 was $46 ($42 after-tax), $69 ($63 after-tax), and $40 ($31 after-tax), respectively.
income taxes. the provision (benefit) for income taxes is determined using the asset and liability approach of accounting for income taxes. under this approach, the provision (benefit) for income taxes represents income taxes paid or payable (or received or receivable) based on current year pre-tax income plus the change in deferred taxes during the year. deferred taxes represent the future tax consequences expected to occur when the reported amounts of assets and liabilities are recovered or paid, and result from differences between the financial and tax bases of howmet's assets and liabilities and are adjusted for changes in tax rates and tax laws when enacted.
valuation allowances are recorded to reduce deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that a tax benefit will not be realized. in evaluating the need for a valuation allowance, management considers all potential sources of taxable income, including income available in carry-back periods, future reversals of taxable temporary differences, projections of taxable income, and income from tax planning strategies, as well as all available positive and negative evidence. positive evidence includes factors such as a history of profitable operations, projections of future profitability within the carryforward period, including from tax planning strategies, and howmet's experience with similar operations. existing favorable contracts and the ability to sell products into established markets are additional positive evidence. negative evidence includes items such as cumulative losses, projections of future losses, or carryforward periods that are not long enough to allow for the utilization of a deferred tax asset based on existing projections of income. deferred tax assets for which no valuation allowance is recorded may not be realized upon changes in facts and circumstances, resulting in a future charge to establish a valuation allowance.
existing valuation allowances are re-examined under the same standards of positive and negative evidence. if it is determined that it is more likely than not that a deferred tax asset will be realized, the appropriate amount of the valuation allowance, if any, is released. deferred tax assets and liabilities are also re-measured to reflect changes in underlying tax rates due to law changes and the granting and lapse of tax holidays.
the 2017 act created a new requirement that certain income earned by foreign subsidiaries, global intangible low taxed income ("gilti"), must be included in the gross income of the u.s. shareholder. in 2018, howmet made a final accounting policy election to apply a tax law ordering approach when considering the need for a valuation allowance on net operating losses expected to offset gilti inclusions. under this approach, reductions in cash tax savings are not considered as part of the valuation allowance assessment. instead, future gilti inclusions are considered a source of taxable income that support the realizability of deferred tax assets.
tax benefits related to uncertain tax positions taken or expected to be taken on a tax return are recorded when such benefits meet a more likely than not threshold. otherwise, these tax benefits are recorded when a tax position has been effectively settled, which means that the statute of limitations has expired or the appropriate taxing authority has completed their examination even though the statute of limitations remains open. interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions are recognized as part of the provision for income taxes and are accrued beginning in the period that such interest and penalties would be applicable under relevant tax law until such time that the related tax benefits are recognized.
recently adopted accounting guidance. see the recently adopted accounting guidance section of note b to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8. (financial statements and supplementary data) of this form 10-k.
recently issued accounting guidance. see the recently issued accounting guidance section of note b to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8. (financial statements and supplementary data) of this form 10-k.
