item 1a. risk factors in addition to the factors discussed elsewhere in this report, the following risks and uncertainties could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial also may impair our business operations and financial condition.
risks related to our business the covid-19 pandemic could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and/or cash flows. the severity, magnitude and duration of the current covid-19 pandemic is uncertain and rapidly changing. measures enacted by authorities, and actions taken by the company, to mitigate the spread of the covid-19 pandemic, such as travel bans and restrictions, quarantines, shelter-in-place orders and shutdowns, have impacted and may further impact all or portions of our workforce and operations, the operations of our customers, and those of our respective vendors and suppliers. there is no certainty that measures taken by governmental authorities will be sufficient to mitigate the risks posed by the covid-19 pandemic, and our ability to perform critical functions could be harmed. a shutdown of one or more of our manufacturing, warehousing or distribution facilities as a result of illness, government restrictions or other workforce disruptions or absenteeism, or reductions in capacity utilization levels, could result in us incurring additional direct costs and experiencing lost revenue. illness, travel restrictions or workforce disruptions could negatively affect our supply chain, manufacturing, distribution or other business. the covid-19 pandemic could disrupt our supply chain, operations and routes to market or those of our suppliers, their suppliers or our brokers or distributors. these disruptions or our failure to effectively respond to them, could increase product or distribution costs, or cause delays or inability to deliver products to our customers. we have experienced temporary disruptions to our supply chain in certain markets that, to date, have not been material to our consolidated results. these disruptions to our work force and supply could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. further, we have delayed certain capital and innovation projects due to the covid-19 pandemic. continued disruptions and uncertainties related to the covid-19 pandemic for a sustained period could result in additional delays or modifications to these projects and other productivity, capital and innovation projects and hinder our ability to achieve the project objectives.
the covid-19 pandemic has also significantly increased economic and demand uncertainty, including inflation, interest rates, availability of capital markets, consumer spending rates and energy availability and costs (including fuel surcharges). we expect the covid-19 pandemic may result in lower revenues in some of our emerging market countries that have a higher concentration of traditional trade outlets (such as small family-run stores).
the duration and significance of this sustained demand is uncertain. although our business has benefited from some of these measures, volatility in financial markets and deterioration of national and global economic conditions could impact our business and operations in a variety of ways, including as follows:
•consumers may shift purchases to more generic, lower-priced, or other value offerings, or may forego certain purchases altogether during economic downturns, which could result in a reduction in sales of higher margin products or a shift in our product mix to lower margin offerings adversely affecting the results of our operations;
•disruptions or uncertainties related to the covid-19 pandemic could result in delays or modifications to our strategic plans and initiatives and hinder our ability to achieve our objective to reduce our operating cost structure in both our supply chain and overhead costs;
•a strengthening in the u.s. dollar relative to other currencies in the countries in which we operate would negatively affect our reported results of operations and financial results due to currency translation losses and currency transaction losses;
•a significant portion of our workforce, including our management team, could become unable to work as a result of illness or government restrictions, or the attention of our management team could be diverted if key employees become ill from covid-19 and unable to work;
•an increased reliance on our information technology systems due to many employees working remotely causing us to be increasingly subject to cyberattack;
•a shutdown of one or more of our manufacturing, warehousing or distribution facilities, or disruption in our supply chain, including but not limited to, as a result of illness, government restrictions or other workforce disruptions;
•an inability to effectively modify our trade promotion and advertising activities to reflect changing consumer shopping habits due to, among other things, reduced in-store visits and travel restrictions;
•decreased demand for our products due to unemployment as a result of the covid-19 pandemic;
•volatility in commodity and other input costs could substantially impact our result of operations and our commodity hedging activities might not sufficiently offset this volatility;
•volatility in the equity markets or interest rates could substantially impact our pension costs and required pension contributions; and
•increased volatility and pricing in the capital markets and commercial paper markets could limit our access to our preferred sources of liquidity when we would like, and our borrowing costs could increase.
these and other impacts of the covid-19 pandemic could have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this section, such as those relating to our reputation, brands, product sales, results of operations or financial condition. the severity, magnitude and duration of the current covid-19 pandemic is uncertain, rapidly changing and depends on events beyond our knowledge or control. we might not be able to anticipate or respond to all impacts on a timely basis to prevent near- or long-term adverse impacts to our results. as a result, the impact of the covid-19 pandemic could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
we may not realize the benefits we expect from revenue growth management. we are utilizing formal revenue growth management practices to help us realize price in a more effective way. this approach addresses price strategy, price-pack architecture, promotion strategy, mix management, and trade strategies. revenue growth management involves changes to the way we do business and may not always be accepted by our customers, consumers or third party providers causing us not to realize the anticipated benefits. in addition, the complexity of the execution requires a substantial amount of management and operational resources. these and related demands on our resources may divert the organization's attention from other business issues and have adverse effects on existing business relationships with suppliers and customers. any failure to execute revenue growth management in accordance with our plans could adversely affect our business or financial condition.
our results may be negatively impacted if consumers do not maintain their favorable perception of our brands. we have a number of iconic brands with significant value. promoting and protecting the value of these brands is critical to the success of our business. brand value is based in large part on consumer perceptions. success in promoting and enhancing brand value depends in large part on our ability to provide high-quality products. brand value could diminish significantly due to a number of factors, including consumer perception that we, or any of our employees or agents, have acted in an irresponsible manner, adverse publicity about our products (whether or not valid), our failure to maintain the quality of our products, the failure of our products to deliver consistently positive consumer experiences, the products becoming unavailable to consumers, or the failure to meet the nutrition expectations of our products or particular ingredients in our products (whether or not valid), including whether certain of our products are perceived to contribute to obesity. in addition, due to our varied and geographically diverse consumer base, we must be responsive to local consumer needs, including with respect to when and how consumers consume food products and their desire for premium or value offerings, provide an array of products that satisfy the broad spectrum of consumer preferences. accordingly, we might fail to anticipate consumer preferences with respect to dietary trends or purchasing behaviors, invest sufficiently in maintaining, extending and expanding our brand image or achieve the desired efforts of our marketing efforts or use data-driven marketing and advertising to reach consumers at the right time with the right message. the growing use of social and digital media platforms by consumers, kellogg and third parties increases the speed and extent that information or misinformation and opinions can be shared. negative posts or comments about kellogg, our brands, our products or any of our employees or agents on social or digital media platforms could seriously damage our brands, reputation and brand loyalty, regardless of the information's accuracy. the harm may be immediate without affording us an opportunity for redress or correction. brand recognition and loyalty can also be impacted by the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns, marketing programs and sponsorships, as well as our use of social media. if we do not maintain the favorable perception of our brands, our results could be negatively impacted.
unanticipated business disruptions could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. we manufacture and source products and materials on a global scale. we have a complex network of suppliers, owned manufacturing locations, contract manufacturer locations, warehousing and distribution networks and information systems that support our ability to provide our products to our customers consistently. our ability to make, move and sell products globally is critical to our success. factors that are hard to predict or beyond our control, such as product or raw material scarcity, weather (including any potential effects of climate change), natural disasters, water availability, fires or explosions, terrorism, political unrest, government restrictions, mandates or shutdowns, tariffs and other trade restrictions, cybersecurity breaches, health pandemics, such as the covid-19 pandemic, disruptions in logistics, loss or impairment of key manufacturing sites, supplier capacity constraints, or strikes, could damage or disrupt our operations or our suppliers', their suppliers or our contract manufacturers' operations. if we do not effectively prepare for and respond to disruptions in our operations, for example, by finding alternative suppliers or replacing capacity at key manufacturing or distribution locations, or cannot quickly repair damage to our information, technology, production or supply systems, we may be late in delivering or unable to deliver products to our customers. if that occurs, we may lose our customers' confidence, and long-term consumer demand for our products could decline. in addition, insurance policies that may provide coverage with regard to such events may not cover any or all of the resulting financial losses. these events could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we have experienced minor temporary workforce disruptions in our supply chain as a result of the covid-19 pandemic. we have implemented employee safety measures, based on guidance from the centers for disease control and prevention and world health organization, across all our supply chain facilities, including proper hygiene, social distancing, mask use, and temperature screenings. illness, travel restrictions, absenteeism, or other workforce disruptions could negatively affect our supply chain, manufacturing, distribution, or other business processes. we may face additional production disruptions in the future, which may place constraints on our ability to produce products in a timely manner or may increase our costs.
in addition, we experienced increased demand for our products during fiscal 2020 and were, at times, unable to fill all customer orders. short term or sustained increases in consumer demand at our retail customers may exceed our production capacity or otherwise strain our supply chain. our failure to meet the demand for our products could adversely affect our business and results of operations.
we may not achieve our targeted cost savings and efficiencies from cost reduction initiatives. our success depends in part on our ability to be an efficient producer in a highly competitive industry. we have invested a significant amount in capital expenditures to improve our operational facilities. ongoing operational issues are likely to occur when carrying out major production, procurement, or logistical changes and these, as well as any failure by us to achieve our planned cost savings and efficiencies, could have a material adverse effect on our business and consolidated financial position and on the consolidated results of our operations and profitability.
we have recently delayed the implementation of system upgrades and certain other cost-saving and productivity initiatives due to the covid-19 pandemic. continued disruptions and uncertainties related to the covid-19 pandemic for a sustained period of time could result in additional delays or modifications to our strategic plans and other initiatives and hinder our ability to achieve our cost savings and productivity initiatives on the same timelines.
structural and organizational risks if we pursue strategic acquisitions, alliances, divestitures or joint ventures, we may not be able to successfully consummate favorable transactions or successfully integrate acquired businesses. from time to time, we may evaluate potential acquisitions, alliances, divestitures or joint ventures that would further our strategic objectives. with respect to acquisitions, we may not be able to identify suitable candidates, consummate a transaction on terms that are favorable to us, or achieve expected returns, expected synergies and other benefits as a result of integration challenges, or may not achieve those objectives on a timely basis. future acquisitions of foreign companies or new foreign ventures would subject us to local laws and regulations and could potentially lead to risks related to, among other things, increased exposure to foreign exchange rate changes, government price control, repatriation of profits and liabilities relating to the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act (fcpa).
with respect to proposed divestitures of assets or businesses, we may encounter difficulty in finding acquirers or alternative exit strategies on terms that are favorable to us, which could delay the accomplishment of our strategic objectives, or our divestiture activities may require us to recognize impairment charges. companies or operations acquired or joint ventures created may not be profitable or may not achieve sales levels and profitability that justify the investments made. our corporate development activities may present financial and operational risks, including diversion of management attention from existing core businesses, integrating or separating personnel and financial and other systems, and adverse effects on existing business relationships with suppliers and customers. future acquisitions could also result in potentially dilutive issuances of equity securities, the incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities and/or amortization expenses related to certain intangible assets and increased operating expenses, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
the divestiture (the "divestiture") of selected cookie, fruit and fruit-flavored snacks, pie crusts, and ice cream cone businesses, consummated on july 28, 2019 (the "divested business") may not achieve some or all of the anticipated benefits, the divestiture may adversely affect our business, and there are execution risks associated with our continued provision of transition services to the divested business. to the extent we undertake divestitures in the future, we may face additional risks related to such activity. for example, risks related to our ability to find appropriate buyers, to execute transactions on favorable terms, to separate divested businesses from our remaining operations, and to effectively manage any transitional service arrangements. any of these factors could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and operating results.
we may not be able to attract, develop and retain the highly skilled people we need to support our business. we depend on the skills and continued service of key personnel, including our experienced management team. in addition, our ability to achieve our strategic and operating goals depends on our ability to identify, recruit, hire, train and retain qualified individuals, including individuals with e-commerce, digital marketing and data analytics capabilities. we compete with other companies both within and outside of our industry for talented personnel, and we may lose key personnel or fail to attract, recruit, train, develop and retain other talented personnel. any such loss, failure or negative perception with respect to these individuals may adversely affect our business or financial results. in addition, activities related to identifying, recruiting, hiring and integrating qualified individuals may require significant time and expense. we may not be able to locate suitable replacements for any key employees who terminate their employment or become ill as a result of covid-19, or offer employment to potential replacements on reasonable terms, each of which may adversely affect our business and financial results. additionally, changes in immigration laws and policies could also make it more difficult for us to recruit or relocate skilled employees.
risks related to our industry our results may be materially and adversely impacted as a result of increases in the price of raw materials, including agricultural commodities, packaging, fuel and labor. agricultural commodities, including corn, wheat, rice, potato flakes, vegetable oils, sugar and cocoa, are the principal raw materials used in our products. cartonboard, corrugated, and plastic are the principal packaging materials used by us. the cost of such commodities may fluctuate widely due to government policy, regulation, and/or shutdown, import and export requirements (including tariffs), global geopolitical conditions, drought and other weather conditions (including the potential effects of climate change), a pandemic illness (such as the covid-19 outbreak) or other unforeseen circumstances. specifically, certain ingredients, packaging and other goods and services have been impacted by the covid-19 pandemic and although we are unable to predict the impact to our ability to source such materials and services in the future, we expect these supply pressures and market disruptions to continue into 2021. to the extent that any of the foregoing factors affect the prices of such commodities and we are unable to increase our prices or adequately hedge against such changes in prices in a manner that offsets such changes, the results of our operations could be materially and adversely affected. in addition, we use derivatives to hedge price risk associated with forecasted purchases of raw materials. our hedged price could exceed the spot price on the date of purchase, resulting in an unfavorable impact on both gross margin and net earnings. also, sustained price increases may lead to declines in volume as competitors may not adjust their prices, or consumers may decide not to pay the higher prices or may forego some purchases altogether during an economic downturn such as the covid-19 pandemic, which could lead to sales declines and loss of market share. food processing equipment at major domestic and international facilities are regularly fueled by electricity, oil, natural gas or propane, which are obtained from local utilities or other local suppliers. short-term stand-by propane and/or oil storage exists at several plants for use in case of interruption in natural gas supplies. in addition, considerable amounts of diesel fuel are used in connection with the distribution of our products. the cost of fuel may fluctuate widely due to economic and political conditions, government policy, regulation and/or shutdown, war, or other unforeseen circumstances which could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated operating results or financial condition.
our results may be adversely affected by increases in transportation costs and reduced availability of or increases in the price of oil or other fuels. we rely on trucking and railroad operators to deliver incoming ingredients to our manufacturing locations and to deliver finished products to our customers. shortages of truck drivers and railroad workers have contributed to increased freight costs, which has had a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. in 2020, the cost of distribution decreased due to a decline in transportation and logistics costs, driven by excess availability, warehousing efficiencies and lower fuel costs, however, we have experienced a recent increase in transportation and logistics costs. in particular, compliance with the electronic device logging mandate has increased the cost of transportation for us and many other companies. transportation costs are further increasing as a result of high levels of long-haul driver turnover and increased railroad traffic and service issues. additionally, energy and fuel costs can fluctuate dramatically and, at times, have resulted in significant cost increases, particularly for the price of oil and gasoline.
we operate in the highly competitive food industry. we face competition across our product lines, including snacks, ready-to-eat cereals and other convenience foods, from other companies which have varying abilities to withstand changes in market conditions. the principal aspects of our business where we face competition include brand recognition, taste, nutritional value, price, promotion, innovation, shelf space, navigating the growing e-commerce marketplace, convenient ordering and delivery to the consumer and customer service. most of our competitors have substantial financial, marketing and other resources, and some of our competitors may spend more aggressively on advertising and promotional activities than we do. our competition with other companies in our various markets and product lines could cause us to reduce prices, increase capital, marketing or other expenditures, or lose category share, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. our ability to compete also depends upon our ability to predict, identify, and interpret the tastes and dietary habits of consumers and to offer products that appeal to those preferences. there are inherent marketplace risks associated with new product or packaging introductions, including uncertainties about trade and consumer acceptance. if we do not succeed in offering products that consumers want to buy, our sales and market share will decrease, resulting in reduced profitability. if we are unable to accurately predict which shifts in consumer preferences will be long-lasting, or are unable to introduce new and improved products to satisfy those preferences, our sales will decline. in addition, given the variety of backgrounds and identities of consumers in our consumer base, we must offer a sufficient array of products to satisfy the broad spectrum of consumer preferences.
in some cases, our competitors may be able to respond to changing business and economic conditions or consumer preferences more quickly than us. category share and growth could also be adversely impacted if we are not successful in introducing new products, anticipating changes in consumer preferences with respect to dietary trends or purchasing behaviors or in effectively assessing, changing and setting proper pricing.
the changing retail environment and the growing presence of alternative retail channels, could negatively impact our sales and profits. our businesses are largely concentrated in the traditional retail grocery trade. our largest customer, wal-mart stores, inc. and its affiliates, accounted for approximately 19% of consolidated net sales during 2020, comprised principally of sales within the united states. no other customer accounted for greater than 10% of net sales in 2020. during 2020, our top five customers, collectively, including wal-mart, accounted for approximately 34% of our consolidated net sales and approximately 51% of u.s. net sales. there can be no assurances that our largest customers will continue to purchase our products in the same mix or quantities or on the same terms as in the past. as the retail grocery trade continues to consolidate and retailers become larger, our large retail customers have sought, and may continue to seek in the future, to use their position to improve their profitability through improved efficiency, lower pricing, increased promotional programs funded by their suppliers and more favorable terms. such consolidation can continue to adversely impact our smaller customers' ability to compete effectively, resulting in an inability on their part to pay for our products or reduced or canceled orders of our products. in addition, larger retailers have the scale to develop supply chains that permit them to operate with reduced inventories or to develop and market their own private label products. if we are unable to use our scale, marketing expertise, product innovation and category leadership positions to respond, our profitability or volume growth could be negatively affected. the loss of any large customer or severe adverse impact on the business operations of any large customer for an extended length of time could negatively impact our sales and profits.
additionally, alternative retail channels, such as e-commerce retailers (including as a result of the integration of traditional and digital operations at key retailers), subscription services, discount and dollar stores, direct-to-consumer brands, drug stores and club stores, have continued to grow. this trend away from traditional retail grocery, and towards such channels, is expected to continue in the future. if we are not successful in expanding sales in alternative retail channels, our business or financial results may be negatively impacted. in particular, substantial growth in e-commerce has encouraged the entry of new competitors and business models, intensifying competition by simplifying distribution and lowering barriers to entry. the expanding presence of e-commerce retailers has impacted, and may continue to impact, consumer preferences and market dynamics, which in turn may negatively affect our sales or profits. in addition, these alternative retail channels may create consumer price deflation, affecting our large retail and wholesale customer relationships and presenting additional challenges to increasing prices in response to commodity or other cost increases. also, if these alternative retail channels, such as e-commerce retailers were to take significant share away from traditional retailers that could have a flow over effect on our business and our financial results could be negatively impacted.
our consolidated financial results and demand for our products are dependent on the successful development of new products and processes. there are a number of trends in consumer preferences which may impact us and the industry as a whole. these include changing consumer dietary trends and the availability of substitute products. our success is dependent on anticipating changes in consumer preferences and on successful new product and process development and product relaunches in response to such changes. trends within the food industry change often, and failure to identify and react to changes in these trends could lead to, among other things, reduced loyalty, reduced demand and price reductions for our brands and products. we aim to introduce products or new or improved production processes on a timely basis in order to counteract obsolescence and decreases in sales of existing products. however, the covid-19 pandemic has altered, and in some cases, delayed product innovation efforts. while we devote significant focus to the development of new products and to the research, development and technology process functions of our business, we may not be successful in developing new products or our new products may not be commercially successful. in addition, if sales generated by new products cause a decline in sales of the company's existing products, the company's financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. our future results and our ability to maintain or improve our competitive position will depend on our capacity to gauge the direction of our key markets and upon our ability to successfully identify, develop, manufacture, market and sell new or improved products in these changing markets.
competition against private label brands could negatively impact our business. in nearly all of our product categories, we compete against branded products as well as private label products. our products must provide higher value and/or quality to our consumers than alternatives, particularly during periods of economic uncertainty. consumers may not buy our products if relative differences in value and/or quality between our products and private label products change in favor of competitors' products or if consumers perceive this type of change. if consumers prefer private label products, which are typically sold at lower prices, then we could lose category share or sales volumes or shift our product mix to lower margin offerings, which could have a material effect on our business and consolidated financial position and on the consolidated results of our operations and profitability.
adverse changes in the global climate or extreme weather conditions could adversely affect our business or operations. climate change is a core business issue for kellogg to ensure the long-term health and viability of the ingredients we use in our products. as set forth in the intergovernmental panel on climate change fifth assessment report, there is continuing scientific evidence, as well as concern from members of the general public, that emissions of greenhouse gases and contributing human activities have caused and will continue to cause significant changes in global temperatures and weather patterns and increase the frequency or severity of weather events, wildfires and flooding. as the pressures from climate change and global population growth lead to increased demand, the food system and global supply chain is becoming increasingly vulnerable to acute shocks, leading to increased prices and volatility, especially in the energy and commodity markets. adverse changes such as these could (i) unfavorably impact the cost or availability of raw or packaging materials, especially if such events have a negative impact on agricultural productivity or on the supply of water, (ii) disrupt production schedules and our ability, or the ability of our suppliers or contract manufacturers, to manufacture or distribute our products, (iii) reduce crop size or quality, (iv) disrupt the retail operations of our customers, or (v) unfavorably impact the demand for, or the consumer's ability to purchase, our products.
there is an increased focus by foreign, federal, state and local regulatory and legislative bodies regarding environmental policies relating to climate change, regulating greenhouse gas emissions, energy policies and sustainability, including single use plastics. this new or increased focus may result in new or increased laws and regulations that could cause significant increases in our costs of operation and delivery. in particular, increasing regulation of fuel emissions could substantially increase the distribution and supply chain costs associated with our products. lastly, consumers and customers may put an increased priority on purchasing products that are sustainably grown and made, requiring us to incur increased costs for additional transparency, due diligence and reporting. as a result, climate change could negatively affect our business and operations.
risks related to our operations a shortage in the labor pool, failure to successfully negotiate collectively bargained agreements, or other general inflationary pressures or changes in applicable laws and regulations could increase labor cost, which could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated operating results or financial condition. our labor costs include the cost of providing benefits for employees. we sponsor a number of benefit plans for employees in the united states and various foreign locations, including pension, retiree health and welfare, active health care, severance and other postemployment benefits. we also participate in multiemployer pension plans for certain of our manufacturing locations. our major pension plans and u.s. collectively bargained retiree health and welfare plans are funded with trust assets invested in a globally diversified portfolio of equity securities with smaller holdings of bonds, real estate and other investments. the annual cost of benefits can vary significantly from year to year and is materially affected by such factors as changes in the assumed or actual rate of return on major plan assets, a change in the weighted-average discount rate used to measure obligations, the rate or trend of health care cost inflation, and the outcome of collectively-bargained wage and benefit agreements. many of our employees are covered by collectively-bargained agreements and other employees may seek to be covered by collectively-bargained agreements. strikes or work stoppages and interruptions could occur if we are unable to renew these agreements on satisfactory terms or enter into new agreements on satisfactory terms, which could adversely impact our operating results. the terms and conditions of existing, renegotiated or new agreements could also increase our costs or otherwise affect our ability to fully implement future operational changes to enhance our efficiency.
multiemployer pension plans could adversely affect our business. we participate in "multiemployer" pension plans administered by labor unions representing some of our employees. we make periodic contributions to these plans to allow them to meet their pension benefit obligations to their participants. our required contributions to these funds could increase because of a shrinking contribution base as a result of the insolvency or withdrawal of other companies that currently contribute to these funds, inability or failure of withdrawing companies to pay their withdrawal liability, lower than expected returns on pension fund assets or other funding deficiencies. in the event that we withdraw from participation in one of these plans, then applicable law could require us to make withdrawal liability payments, and we would have to reflect that as an expense in our consolidated statement of operations and as a liability on our consolidated balance sheet. our withdrawal liability from a multiemployer plan would depend on the extent of the plan's funding of vested benefits. in the ordinary course of our renegotiation of collective bargaining agreements with labor unions that maintain these plans, we may decide to discontinue participation in a plan, and in that event, we could face a withdrawal liability. one of the multiemployer plans in which we participate is reported to have significant underfunded liabilities. such underfunding could increase the size of our potential withdrawal liability.
our postretirement benefit-related costs and funding requirements could increase as a result of volatility in the financial markets, changes in interest rates and actuarial assumptions. increases in the costs of postretirement medical and pension benefits may continue and negatively affect our business as a result of increased usage of medical benefits by retired employees and medical cost inflation, an increase in participants enrolled, the effect of potential declines in the stock and bond markets on the performance of our pension and post-retirement plan assets, potential reductions in the discount rate used to determine the present value of our benefit obligations, and changes to our investment strategy that may impact our expected return on pension and post-retirement plan assets assumptions. u.s. generally accepted accounting principles require that we calculate income or expense for the plans using actuarial valuations. these valuations reflect assumptions about financial markets and interest rates, which may change based on economic conditions. the company's accounting policy for defined benefit plans may subject earnings to volatility due to the recognition of actuarial gains and losses, particularly those due to the change in the fair value of pension and post-retirement plan assets and interest rates. in addition, funding requirements for our plans may become more significant. however, the ultimate amounts to be contributed are dependent upon, among other things, interest rates, underlying asset returns, and the impact of legislative or regulatory changes related to pension and post-retirement funding obligations.
we use available borrowings under the credit facilities and other available debt financing for cash to operate our business, which subjects us to market and counter-party risk, some of which is beyond our control. in addition to cash we generate from our business, our principal existing sources of cash are borrowings available under our credit facilities and other available debt financing. if our access to such financing was unavailable or reduced, or if such financing were to become significantly more expensive for any reason, we may not be able to fund daily operations, which would cause material harm to our business or could affect our ability to operate our business as a going concern. in addition, if certain of our lenders experience difficulties that render them unable to fund future draws on the facilities, we may not be able to access all or a portion of these funds, which could have similar adverse consequences.
from time to time, we issue variable rate securities based on interbank offered rates (ibors) and enter into interest rate swaps that contain a variable element based on an ibor. libor, or the london interbank offered rate, is expected to be phased out after 2021 when private-sector banks are no longer required to report the information used to set the rate. once libor ceases to be available, we may need to amend affected agreements, and we cannot predict what alternative index will be negotiated with our counterparties. although we do not anticipate a significant impact to our financial position as a result of this transition given our current mix of fixed- and variable-rate debt, our interest expense could increase, and our available cash flow for general corporate requirements may be adversely affected.
we utilize extended payment terms for customers and suppliers supplemented with third party financing programs to assist in effectively managing our core working capital. if the extension of payment terms are reversed or financial institutions terminate their participation, our ability to maintain current levels of core working capital could be adversely impacted. our principal source of liquidity is operating cash flows supplemented by borrowings for major acquisitions and other significant transactions. in order to mitigate the net working capital impact of offering extended customer payment terms, we entered into agreements to sell, on a revolving basis, certain trade accounts receivable balances to third party financial institutions (monetization programs). in addition, in combination with extending supplier payment terms, we have agreements with third parties (accounts payable program) to offer structured payables programs to our suppliers which enable suppliers, at their sole discretion, to enter bilateral agreements to sell company payment obligations to designated third-party financial institutions.
if financial institutions were to terminate their participation in the monetization programs and we are not able to modify related customer payment terms, working capital could be negatively impacted. additionally, working capital could be negatively impacted if we shorten our supplier payment terms as a result of supplier negotiations. for suppliers participating in the accounts payable program, financial institutions may terminate their participation or we could experience a downgrade in our credit rating that could result in higher costs to suppliers. if working capital is negatively impacted as a result of these events and we were unable to secure alternative programs, we may have to utilize our various financing arrangements for short-term liquidity or increase our long-term borrowings.
we have a substantial amount of indebtedness. we have indebtedness that is substantial in relation to our shareholders' equity, and we may incur additional indebtedness in the future, or enter into off-balance sheet financing, which would increase our leverage risks. as of january 2, 2021, we had total debt of approximately $7.5 billion and total kellogg company equity of $3.1 billion. our substantial indebtedness could have important consequences, including (i) impairing the ability to access global capital markets to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures or general corporate purposes, particularly if the ratings assigned to our debt securities by rating organizations were revised downward or if a rating organization announces that our ratings are under review for a potential downgrade, (ii) a downgrade in our credit ratings, particularly our short-term credit rating, would likely reduce the amount of commercial paper we could issue, increase our commercial paper borrowing costs, or both, (iii) restricting our flexibility in responding to changing market conditions or making us more vulnerable in the event of a general downturn in economic conditions or our business, (iv) requiring a substantial portion of the cash flow from operations to be dedicated to the payment of principal and interest on our debt, reducing the funds available to us for other purposes such as expansion through acquisitions, paying dividends, repurchasing shares, marketing and other spending and expansion of our product offerings, (v) and causing us to be more leveraged than some of our competitors, which may place us at a competitive disadvantage.
our ability to make scheduled payments or to refinance our obligations with respect to indebtedness or incur new indebtedness will depend on our financial and operating performance, which in turn, is subject to prevailing economic conditions, the availability of, and interest rates on, short-term financing, and financial, business and other factors beyond our control.
an impairment of the carrying value of goodwill or other acquired intangibles could negatively affect our consolidated operating results and net worth. the carrying value of goodwill represents the fair value of acquired businesses in excess of identifiable assets and liabilities as of the acquisition date. the carrying value of other intangibles represents the fair value of trademarks, trade names, and other acquired intangibles as of the acquisition date. goodwill and other acquired intangibles expected to contribute indefinitely to our cash flows are not amortized, but must be evaluated by management at least annually for impairment. if carrying value exceeds current fair value, the intangible is considered impaired and is reduced to fair value via a charge to earnings. factors which could result in an impairment include, but are not limited to: (i) reduced demand for our products; (ii) higher commodity prices; (iii) lower prices for our products or increased marketing as a result of increased competition; and (iv) significant disruptions to our operations as a result of both internal and external events. should the value of one or more of the acquired intangibles become impaired, our consolidated earnings and net worth may be materially adversely affected. furthermore, we continue to evaluate the potential impact of covid-19 on the fair value of our goodwill and other intangibles. while we concluded there were no indicators of impairment as of january 2, 2021, any significant sustained adverse change in consumer purchasing behaviors, government restrictions, financial results, or macroeconomic conditions could result in future impairment.
as of january 2, 2021, the carrying value of intangible assets totaled approximately $8.3 billion, of which $5.8 billion was goodwill and $2.5 billion represented trademarks, tradenames, and other acquired intangibles compared to total assets of $18.0 billion and total kellogg company equity of $3.1 billion.
risks related to regulations and litigation we face risks related to tax matters, including changes in tax rates, disagreements with taxing authorities and imposition of new taxes. the company is subject to taxes in the u.s. and numerous foreign jurisdictions where the company's subsidiaries are organized. due to economic and political conditions (including shifts in the geopolitical landscape), tax rates in the u.s. and various foreign jurisdictions have been and may be subject to significant change. the future effective tax rate could be effected by changes in mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in valuation of deferred tax asset and liabilities, or changes in tax laws or their interpretation which includes the tax cuts and jobs act (the "u.s. tax reform") and contemplated changes in other countries of long-standing tax principles if finalized and adopted could have a material impact on our income tax expense and deferred tax balances. during the third quarter of 2019, swiss federal and zurich cantonal events took place that resulted in enacted tax law changes ("swiss tax reform"). the new legislation is intended to replace certain preferential tax regimes with a new set of internationally accepted measures. we will continue to monitor swiss tax reform for any additional interpretative guidance that could result in changes to the amounts we have recorded. we are also subject to regular reviews, examinations and audits by the internal revenue service and other taxing authorities with respect to taxes inside and outside of the u.s. although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, if a taxing authority disagrees with the positions we have taken, we could face additional tax liability, including interest and penalties. there can be no assurance that payment of such additional amounts upon final adjudication of any disputes will not have a material impact on our results of operations and financial position. we also need to comply with new, evolving or revised tax laws and regulations. the enactment of or increases in tariffs, including value added tax, or other changes in the application of existing taxes, in markets in which we are currently active, or may be active in the future, or on specific products that we sell or with which our products compete, may have an adverse effect on our business or on our results of operations.
if our food products become adulterated, misbranded or mislabeled, we might need to recall those items and may experience product liability if consumers are injured as a result. selling food products involves a number of legal and other risks, including product contamination, food borne illnesses, spoilage, product tampering, allergens, or other adulteration. we may need to recall some of our products if they become adulterated or misbranded. we may also be liable if the consumption of any of our products causes injury, illness or death. a widespread product recall or market withdrawal could result in significant losses due to their costs, the destruction of product inventory, and lost sales due to the unavailability of product for a period of time. we could also suffer losses from a significant product liability judgment against us. a significant product recall or product liability case could also result in adverse publicity, damage to our reputation, and a loss of consumer confidence in our food products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business results and the value of our brands. moreover, even if a product liability or consumer fraud claim is meritless, does not prevail or is not pursued, the negative publicity surrounding assertions against our company and our products or processes could adversely affect our reputation or brands. we could also be adversely affected if consumers lose confidence in the safety and quality of certain food products or ingredients, or the food safety system generally. if another company recalls or experiences negative publicity related to a product in a category in which we compete, consumers might reduce their overall consumption of products in this category. adverse publicity about these types of concerns, whether or not valid, may discourage consumers from buying our products or cause production and delivery disruptions.
evolving tax, environmental, food quality and safety or other regulations or failure to comply with existing licensing, labeling, trade, food quality and safety and other regulations and laws could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition. our activities or products, both in and outside of the united states, are subject to regulation by various federal, state, provincial and local laws, regulations and government agencies, including the u.s. food and drug administration, u.s. federal trade commission, the u.s. departments of agriculture, commerce and labor, as well as similar and other authorities outside of the united states, international accords and treaties and others, including voluntary regulation by other bodies. legal and regulatory systems can change quickly, as demonstrated by brexit. in addition, legal and regulatory systems in emerging and developing markets may be less developed, and less certain. these laws and regulations and interpretations thereof may change, sometimes dramatically, as a result of a variety of factors, including political, economic, regulatory or social events. in addition, the enforcement of remedies in certain foreign jurisdictions may be less certain, resulting in varying abilities to enforce intellectual property and contractual rights.
the manufacturing, marketing and distribution of food products are subject to governmental regulation that impose additional regulatory requirements. those regulations control such matters as food quality and safety, ingredients, advertising, product or production requirements, labeling, sustainability of packaging (including plastics), import or export of our products or ingredients, relations with distributors and retailers, health and safety, the environment, and restrictions on the use of government programs, such as supplemental nutritional assistance program, to purchase certain of our products.
the marketing of food products has come under increased regulatory scrutiny in recent years, and the food industry has been subject to an increasing number of proceedings and claims relating to alleged false or deceptive marketing under federal, state and foreign laws or regulations. we are also regulated with respect to matters such as licensing requirements, trade and pricing practices, tax, anti-corruption standards, advertising and claims, and environmental matters. the need to comply with new, evolving or revised tax, environmental, food quality and safety, labeling or other laws or regulations, or new, evolving or changed interpretations or enforcement of existing laws or regulations, may have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. governmental and administrative bodies within the u.s. are considering a variety of trade and other regulatory reforms. changes in legal or regulatory requirements (such as new food safety requirements and revised nutrition facts labeling and serving size regulations), or evolving interpretations of existing legal or regulatory requirements, may result in increased compliance costs, capital expenditures and other financial obligations that could adversely affect our business or financial results. if we are found to be out of compliance with applicable laws and regulations in these areas, we could be subject to civil remedies, including fines, injunctions, termination of necessary licenses or permits, or recalls, as well as potential criminal sanctions, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business. even if regulatory review does not result in these types of determinations, it could potentially create negative publicity or perceptions which could harm our business or reputation.
modifications to international trade policy, including the ratification of the united states-mexico-canada agreement, changes in the european union (such as brexit) or the imposition of increased or new tariffs, quotas or trade barriers on key commodities with other countries, most significantly china, could have a negative impact on us or the industries we serve, including as a result of related uncertainty, and could materially and adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. higher duties on existing tariffs or additional tariffs imposed by the united states on a broader range of imports, or further retaliatory trade measures taken by china or other countries in response, could result in an increase in supply chain costs that we are not able to offset.
our operations in certain emerging markets expose us to political, economic and regulatory risks. our growth strategy depends in part on our ability to expand our operations in emerging markets. however, some emerging markets have greater political, economic and currency volatility and greater vulnerability to infrastructure and labor disruptions than more established markets. in many countries outside of the united states, particularly those with emerging economies, it may be common for others to engage in business practices prohibited by laws and regulations with extraterritorial reach, such as the fcpa and the ukba, or local anti-bribery laws. these laws generally prohibit companies and their employees, contractors or agents from making improper payments to government officials, including in connection with obtaining permits or engaging in other actions necessary to do business. failure to comply with these laws could subject us to civil and criminal penalties that could materially and adversely affect our reputation, financial condition and results of operations. in addition, competition in emerging markets is increasing as our competitors grow their global operations and low cost local manufacturers expand and improve their production capacities. our success in emerging markets is critical to our growth strategy. if we cannot successfully increase our business in emerging markets and manage associated political, economic and regulatory risks, our product sales, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.
risks related to our intellectual property and technology technology failures, cyber attacks, privacy breaches or data breaches could disrupt our operations, reputation and negatively impact our business. we increasingly rely on information technology systems and third party service providers, including through the internet, to process, transmit, and store electronic information. for example, our production and distribution facilities and inventory management utilize information technology to increase efficiencies and limit costs. information technology systems are also integral to the reporting of our results of operations. furthermore, a significant portion of the communications between, and storage of personal data of, our personnel, customers, consumers and suppliers depends on information technology. our information technology systems, and the systems of the parties we communicate and collaborate with, may be vulnerable to a variety of interruptions, as a result of many of our employees working remotely, updating our enterprise platform or due to events beyond our or their control, including, but not limited to, network or hardware failures, malicious or disruptive software, unintentional or malicious actions of employees or contractors, cyberattacks by common hackers, criminal groups or nation-state organizations or social-activist (hacktivist) organizations, geopolitical events, natural disasters, a pandemic illness (such as covid-19), failures or impairments of telecommunications networks, or other catastrophic events.
moreover, our computer systems have been, and will likely continue to be subjected to computer viruses, malware, ransomware or other malicious codes, social engineering attacks, unauthorized access attempts, password theft, physical breaches, employee or inside error, malfeasance and cyber- or phishing-attacks. cyber threats are constantly evolving, are becoming more sophisticated and are being made by groups and individuals with a wide range of expertise and motives, and this increases the difficulty of detecting and successfully defending against them. these events could compromise our confidential information, impede or interrupt our business operations, and may result in other negative consequences, including remediation costs, loss of revenue, litigation and reputational damage. furthermore, if a breach or other breakdown results in disclosure of confidential or personal information, we may suffer reputational, competitive and/or business harm. to date, we have not experienced a material breach of cyber security. while we have implemented administrative and technical controls and taken other preventive actions, such as the maintenance of an information security program that includes updating our technology and security policies, insurance, employee training, and monitoring and routinely testing our information technology systems to reduce the risk of cyber incidents and protect our information technology, they may be insufficient to prevent physical and electronic break-ins, cyber-attacks or other security breaches to our computer systems.
the company offers promotions, rebates, customer loyalty and other programs through which it may receive personal information, and it or its vendors could experience cyber-attacks, privacy breaches, data breaches or other incidents that result in unauthorized disclosure of consumer, customer, employee or company information. the company must also successfully integrate the technology systems of acquired companies into the company's existing and future technology systems. in addition, we must comply with increasingly complex and rigorous regulatory standards enacted to protect business and personal data in the united states and other jurisdictions regarding privacy, data protection, and data security, including those related to the collection, storage, handling, use, disclosure, transfer, and security of personal data. there is significant uncertainty with respect to compliance with such privacy and data protection laws and regulations, including with respect to the european union general data protection regulation (gdpr) and the california consumer privacy act of 2018 (ccpa), which went into effect on january 1, 2020 (each of which imposes additional obligations on companies regarding the handling of personal data and provides certain individual privacy rights to persons whose data is stored), because they are continuously evolving and developing and may be interpreted and applied differently from country to country and may create inconsistent or conflicting requirements. in addition, regulations to implement portions of the ccpa have not been finalized and could significantly impact ccpa compliance measures. our efforts to comply with privacy and data protection laws, including the gdpr and ccpa, may impose significant costs and challenges that are likely to increase over time.
if the company suffers a loss as a result of a breach or other breakdown in its technology, including such cyber-attack, privacy breaches, data breaches, issues with or errors in system maintenance or security, migration of applications to the cloud, power outages, hardware or software failures, denial of service, telecommunication or other incident involving one of the company's vendors, that result in unauthorized disclosure or significant unavailability of business, financial, personal or stakeholder information, the company may suffer reputational, competitive and/or business harm and may be exposed to legal liability and government investigations, which may adversely affect the company's results of operations and/or financial condition. the misuse, leakage or falsification of information could result in violations of data privacy laws and the company may become subject to legal action and increased regulatory oversight. the company could also be required to spend significant financial and other resources to remedy the damage caused by a security breach or to repair or replace networks and information systems. in addition, if the company's suppliers or customers experience such a breach or unauthorized disclosure or system failure, their businesses could be disrupted or otherwise negatively affected, which may result in a disruption in the company's supply chain or reduced customer orders, which would adversely affect the company's business operations. we have also outsourced several information technology support services and administrative functions to third-party service providers, including cloud-based service providers, and may outsource other functions in the future to achieve cost savings and efficiencies. if these service providers do not perform effectively due to breach or system failure, we may not be able to achieve the expected benefits and our business may be disrupted.
our intellectual property rights are valuable, and any inability to protect them could reduce the value of our products and brands. we consider our intellectual property rights, particularly and most notably our trademarks, but also including patents, trade secrets, copyrights and licensing agreements, to be a significant and valuable aspect of our business. we attempt to protect our intellectual property rights through a combination of patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret laws, as well as licensing agreements, third party nondisclosure and assignment agreements and policing of third party misuses of our intellectual property. our failure to obtain or adequately protect our trademarks, products, new features of our products, our technology, or any other form of intellectual property, or any change in law or other changes that serve to lessen or remove the current legal protections of our intellectual property, may diminish our competitiveness and could materially harm our business. we may be unaware of intellectual property rights of others that may cover some of our technology, brands or products or operations. in addition, if, in the course of developing new products or improving the quality of existing products, we are found to have infringed the intellectual property rights of others, directly or indirectly, such finding could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations and may limit our ability to introduce new products or improve the quality of existing products. any litigation regarding patents or other intellectual property could be costly and time-consuming and could divert the attention of our management and key personnel from our business operations. third party claims of intellectual property infringement might also require us to enter into costly license agreements. we also may be subject to significant damages or injunctions against development and sale of certain products.
general risk factors we are subject to risks generally associated with companies that operate globally. we are a global company and generated 43% and 42% of our net sales for 2020 and 2019, respectively outside the united states. we manufacture our products in 21 countries and have operations in more than 180 countries, so we are subject to risks inherent in multinational operations. those risks include (i) compliance with u.s. laws affecting operations outside of the united states, such as ofac trade sanction regulations and anti-boycott regulations, (ii) compliance with anti-corruption laws, including the fcpa and u.k. bribery act (ukba), (iii) compliance with antitrust and competition laws, data privacy laws, and a variety of other local, national and multi-national regulations and laws in multiple regimes, (iv) changes in tax laws, interpretation of tax laws and tax audit outcomes, (v) fluctuations or devaluations in currency values, especially in emerging markets, (vi) changes in capital controls, including currency exchange controls, government currency policies or other limits on our ability to import raw materials or finished product or repatriate cash from outside the united states, (vii) changes in local regulations and laws, the lack of well-established, reliable and/or impartial legal systems in certain countries in which we operate and the uncertainty of enforcement of remedies in such jurisdictions, and foreign ownership restrictions and the potential for nationalization or expropriation of property or other resources, (viii) laws relating to information security, privacy (including the gdpr), cashless payments, and consumer protection, (ix) uncertainty relating to brexit and its impact on the local and international markets, the flow of goods and materials across borders, and political environments, (x) discriminatory or conflicting fiscal policies, (xi) challenges associated with cross-border product distribution, (xii) increased sovereign risk, such as default by or deterioration in the economies and credit worthiness of local governments, (xiii) varying abilities to enforce intellectual property, contractual, and other legal rights, (xiv) greater risk of uncollectible accounts and longer collection cycles, (xv) loss of ability to manage our operations in certain markets which could result in the deconsolidation of such businesses, (xvi) design and implementation of effective control environment processes across our diverse operations and employee base, (xvii) imposition of more or new tariffs, quotas, trade barriers, price controls, and similar restrictions in the countries in which we or our suppliers or manufacturers operate or regulations, taxes or policies that might negatively affect our sales, and (xviii) changes in trade policies and trade relations.
in addition, political and economic changes or volatility, geopolitical regional conflicts, terrorist activity, political unrest and government shutdowns, civil strife, acts of war, public corruption, expropriation and other economic or political or social uncertainties could interrupt and negatively affect our business operations or customer demand. the slowdown in economic growth or high unemployment in some emerging markets could constrain consumer spending, and declining consumer purchasing power could adversely impact our profitability. continued instability in the banking and governmental sectors of certain countries in the european union or the dynamics associated with the federal and state debt and budget challenges in the united states could adversely affect us. all of these factors could result in increased costs or decreased revenues, and could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition and results of operations.
there may be uncertainty as a result of key global events during 2021. for example, the continuing uncertainty related to the covid-19 pandemic, brexit and international trade disputes, as well as ongoing terrorist activity, may adversely impact global stock markets (including the new york stock exchange on which our common shares are traded) and general global economic conditions. all of these factors are outside of our control, but may nonetheless cause us to adjust our strategy in order to compete effectively in global markets.
our performance is affected by general economic, political and social conditions and taxation policies. customer and consumer demand for our products may be impacted by the negative impacts caused by pandemics and public health crises (including the covid-19 pandemic), recession, financial and credit market disruptions, government shutdowns or other economic downturns in the united states or other nations. our results in the past have been, and in the future may continue to be, materially affected by changes in general economic, political and social conditions in the united states and other countries, including the interest rate environment in which we conduct business, the financial markets through which we access capital and currency, trade policy, political and social unrest and terrorist acts in the united states or other countries in which we carry on business. the economic, political and social conditions resulting from brexit and the uncertainty regarding the post-brexit trade agreement (as defined below) in the transition period and beyond, among other events, may adversely impact our overall performance.
deteriorating economic conditions in our major markets affected by the covid-19 pandemic, such as increased unemployment, decreases in disposable income, declines in consumer confidence, or economic slowdowns or recessions could result in reductions in sales of our products, reduced acceptance of innovations, and increased price competition. such deterioration in any of the countries in which we do business could also cause slower collections on accounts receivable which may adversely impact our liquidity and financial condition. in addition, significant covid-19 related changes in the political conditions in markets in which we manufacture, sell or distribute our products (including quarantines, import/export restrictions, price controls, governmental or regulatory actions, closures, or other restrictions that limit or close our operating and manufacturing facilities, restrict our employees' ability to travel or perform necessary business functions or otherwise prevent our third-party suppliers or customers from sufficiently staffing operations, including operations necessary for the production, distribution, sale, and support of our products) could adversely impact our operations and results.
financial institutions may be negatively impacted by economic conditions and may consolidate or cease to do business which could result in a tightening in the credit markets, a low level of liquidity in many financial markets, and increased volatility in fixed income, credit, currency and equity markets. the covid-19 pandemic has increased volatility and pricing in the capital markets and as a result, we may not have access to preferred sources of liquidity when needed or on terms we find acceptable, causing our borrowing costs could increase. an economic or credit crisis could impair credit availability and our ability to raise capital when needed. a disruption in the financial markets may have a negative effect on our derivative counterparties and could impair our banking or other business partners, on whom we rely for access to capital and as counterparties to our derivative contracts. any of these events would likely harm our business, results of operations and financial condition.
our operations face significant foreign currency exchange rate exposure and currency restrictions which could negatively impact our operating results. we hold assets and incur liabilities, earn revenue and pay expenses in a variety of currencies other than the u.s. dollar, including the euro, british pound, australian dollar, canadian dollar, mexican peso, brazilian real, nigerian naira, and russian ruble. because our consolidated financial statements are presented in u.s. dollars, we must translate our assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses into u.s. dollars at then-applicable exchange rates and face exposure to adverse movements in foreign currency exchange rates. for example, as a result of the united kingdom's termination of membership in the european union under new trade and cross border operating agreements, there could be significant volatility in currency exchange rate fluctuations. consequently, changes in the value of the u.s. dollar may unpredictably and negatively affect the value of these items in our consolidated financial statements, even if their value has not changed in their original currency.
the united kingdom's exit from the european union may have a negative effect on global economic conditions, financial markets and our business. the decision of the united kingdom to exit from the european union, and the uncertainty concerning the post-brexit trade agreement, may have a negative effect on global economic conditions, financial markets and our business. on january 29, 2020, the european parliament approved the united kingdom's withdrawal from the european union, commonly referred to as "brexit." the united kingdom officially left the european union on january 31, 2020 and entered into a transition period that expired on december 31, 2020, during which the united kingdom and the european union negotiated a post-brexit trade agreement (the "post-brexit trade agreement"). the ultimate effects of brexit on us will depend on the effects of the post-brexit trade agreement, which went into effect on january 1, 2021.
the uncertainty concerning the post-brexit trade agreement and the united kingdom's legal, political and economic relationship with the european union may be a source of instability in the international markets, create significant currency fluctuations, and/or otherwise adversely affect trading agreements or similar cross-border co-operation arrangements (whether economic, tax, fiscal, legal, regulatory or otherwise). we may also face new regulatory costs and challenges as a result of brexit (including potentially divergent national laws and regulations between the united kingdom and european union) that could have an adverse effect on our operations. for example, the united kingdom could lose the benefits of global trade agreements negotiated by the european union on behalf of its members, which may result in increased trade barriers that could make our doing business in the european union and the european economic area more difficult. any of these developments, or the perception that any of them could occur, could depress economic activity and restrict our access to capital, which could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition and results of operations.
potential impacts to our business include: (i) reduced efficiency in processing of product shipments between the united kingdom and other countries that could impact our ability to have sufficient products in the appropriate market for sale to customers, (ii) requirement to increase inventory levels maintained in both the united kingdom and other countries to ensure adequate supply of product to support both base and promotional activities normally executed with our customers, (iii) increased costs related to incremental warehousing and logistics services required to adequately service our customers, (iv) significant financial impact resulting from tariffs that are implemented between the united kingdom and other countries as the location of our european production facilities and the markets we sell in regularly require significant import and export shipments involving the united kingdom, and (v) our ability to realize future benefit from other assets on our balance sheet, such as deferred tax assets, may be impacted which could result in additional valuation allowances or reserves being established.
potential liabilities and costs from litigation could adversely affect our business. there is no guarantee that we will be successful in defending our self in civil, criminal or regulatory actions (inclusive of class action lawsuits and foreign litigation), including under general, commercial, employment, environmental, data privacy or security, intellectual property, food quality and safety, anti-trust and trade, advertising and claims, and environmental laws and regulations, or in asserting our rights under various laws. for example, our marketing or claims could face allegations of false or deceptive advertising or other criticisms which could end up in litigation and result in potential liabilities or costs. furthermore, actions we have taken or may take, or decisions we have made or may make, as a consequence of the covid-19 pandemic, may result in investigations, legal claims or litigation against us. as a result, we could incur substantial costs and fees in defending our self or in asserting our rights in these actions or meeting new legal requirements. the costs and other effects of potential and pending litigation and administrative actions against us, and new legal requirements, cannot be determined with certainty and may differ from expectations.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations kellogg company and subsidiaries results of operations business overview the following management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (md&a) is intended to help the reader understand kellogg company, our operations and our present business environment. md&a is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with, our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes thereto contained in item 8 of this report, as well as part ii, 'item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" of our form 10-k for the year ended december 28, 2019, which provides additional information on comparisons of years 2019 and 2018.
for more than 110 years, consumers have counted on kellogg for great-tasting, high-quality and nutritious foods. these foods include snacks, such as crackers, savory snacks, toaster pastries, cereal bars and bites; and convenience foods, such as, ready-to-eat cereals, frozen waffles, veggie foods and noodles. kellogg products are manufactured and marketed globally. our md&a references consumption and net sales in discussing our sales trends for certain categories and brands. we record net sales upon delivery of shipments to our customers. consumption and share data noted within is based on nielsen x-aoc or other comparable source, for the applicable period. consumption refers to consumer purchases of our products from our customers. unless otherwise noted, consumption and shipment trends are materially consistent.
covid-19 response in march 2020, the world health organization categorized the novel coronavirus (covid-19) as a pandemic, and it has spread across the world. to limit the spread of covid-19, governments took various actions to slow and otherwise control the spread of covid-19, including the issuance of stay-at-home orders and social distancing guidelines. while many governments have eased stay-at-home orders, some governments have taken steps to reimplement restrictions. the company has taken proactive steps to protect our people and otherwise mitigate the impact to our business. the company's business has been designated as "essential services", "critical infrastructure" and the like by governments where we operate. the company has taken numerous measures during the pandemic to fulfill our key objectives: 1) ensuring the health and safety of our employees, 2) safely producing and delivering our foods to customers and consumers, 3) supporting the communities in which we operate, and 4) maintaining financial flexibility. our efforts have been led by the company's executive committee, a committee composed of senior leaders, and our global crisis management process. as part of that process, we have worked closely with medical, regulatory and other experts as we deliver on our objectives.
employee health and safety the health and safety of our employees is our top priority. as a result, the company has designed and implemented a number of actions across the business. from the outset of the pandemic, the company restricted travel and visitors to its facilities, prohibited external group meetings and established quarantine procedures for any potentially exposed employees. the company subsequently required employees who could do so to work remotely to further minimize the exposure of our employees to covid-19. at this time, most of our office employees continue to work remotely. for those who are not able to work remotely, the company implemented new protocols at all of our facilities to protect our employees, including temperature checks, social distancing, response plans, face coverings, contact tracing, enhanced sanitation procedures, and additional personal protection equipment maintain our ability to produce and deliver essential food supply in addition to our efforts to keep our people safe, the company has taken several actions to ensure that we maintain our ability to operate effectively during this pandemic, providing our foods to our customers and consumers. while we have experienced limited disruption in the operation of our facilities, we are taking the appropriate actions to ensure the continuity of our business. we are working proactively with our suppliers to maintain our supply of raw materials and packaging during this time of increased demand for our products. we have secured access to contracted labor forces. we have made incremental investments in our workforce, additional warehouse capacity and increased access to transportation so that our products are delivered in a timely manner to our customers. in conjunction with our management of production capacity, we have simplified our operations (as well as our customers' operations) by prioritizing our offerings to increase the supply of our most demanded products to our customers, as well as delaying innovation launches and commercial activities. at the same time, the company reinforced food safety practices across our manufacturing network.
we have partnered with our strategic technology providers in order to maintain support for our critical business and finance systems as well as additional network bandwidth and support for the transition to a work-from-home environment. we have worked to mitigate system-related risks in this environment through heightened monitoring of cybersecurity and network capacity as well as reevaluation of contingency plans.
community support kellogg is a company with a heart and soul, and we are working together across our company to help our food bank partners and neighbors in need. kellogg and our charitable funds have donated cash and food to global covid-19 hunger relief efforts. as always, through our global kellogg's® better days purpose platform, we help deliver critical nourishment to people when they need it most. local governments have identified food security as a top priority in their fight against covid-19. with school and business closures and "shelter-at-home" mandates, kellogg is providing support to our food bank partners on the front-lines, helping those who may not know where their next meal is coming from.
maintain financial flexibility at this time, the covid-19 pandemic has not materially impacted our liquidity and we anticipate current cash and operating cash flows, together with our credit facilities and other financing sources including commercial paper, credit and bond markets, will be adequate to meet our operating, investing and financing needs. we expect cash provided by operating activities of $1.6 billion and capital expenditures of approximately $500 million in 2021. we currently have $2.9 billion of unused revolving credit agreements, including $1.5 billion effective through january 2023 and $1.0 billion effective through january 2022, as well as continued access to the commercial paper markets. we are currently in compliance with all debt covenants and do not have material uncertainty about our ability to maintain compliance in future periods. we continue to utilize available capacity within the monetization programs to maintain financial flexibility without negatively impacting working capital. additionally, we utilized certain aspects of the coronavirus aid, relief and economic security act, to delay the employer share of certain u.s. payroll taxes until 2021 and 2022. our utilization does not include a government loan and is not expected to result in any restrictions on the company's decisions on executive compensation, payment of dividends, or share buy-back programs. as the impact of covid-19 on the economy and our operations evolves, we will continue to assess our liquidity needs.
monitoring future impacts the severity, magnitude and duration of the current covid-19 pandemic is uncertain and rapidly changing. the company is actively monitoring the pandemic and related governmental actions as they continue to develop and evolve. we will adjust our mitigation strategies as necessary to address any changing health, operational or financial risks that may arise. beginning in march 2020, the company experienced a significant increase in demand for our retail products as consumers stocked up on food for at-home consumption in those markets. while this demand has moderated for certain products, we will continue to manage our production capacity during this period of high demand. we continue to monitor the business for adverse impacts of the pandemic, including volatility in the foreign exchange markets, reduced demand in our away from home businesses, supply-chain disruptions in certain markets, increased costs of employee safety and maintaining food supply, and lower revenues for certain emerging market countries with a higher concentration of traditional trade outlets. in the event the company experiences adverse impacts from the above or other factors, the company would also evaluate the need to perform interim impairment tests for the company's goodwill, indefinite lived intangible assets, investments in unconsolidated affiliates and property, plant and equipment. there can be no assurance that volatility and/or disruption in the global capital and credit markets will not impair our ability to access these markets on terms acceptable to us, or at all. see further discussion within future outlook.
segments on july 28, 2019, we completed the sale of selected cookies, fruit and fruit-flavored snacks, pie crusts, and ice cream cones businesses to ferrero international s.a. ("ferrero") for $1.3 billion in cash, on a cash-free, debt-free basis and subject to a working capital adjustment mechanism. during 2020 the working capital adjustment was finalized, resulting in a reduction of the sale proceeds and recognition of a pre-tax expense in other income and (expense) of $4 million. the operating results for these businesses were included in our north america and latin america reportable segments prior to the sale.
we manage our operations through four operating segments that are based primarily on geographic location - north america which includes the u.s. businesses and canada; europe which consists principally of european countries; latin america which consists of central and south america and includes mexico; and amea (asia middle east africa) which consists of africa, middle east, australia and other asian and pacific markets. these operating segments also represent our reportable segments.
non-gaap financial measures this filing includes non-gaap financial measures that we provide to management and investors that exclude certain items that we do not consider part of on-going operations. items excluded from our non-gaap financial measures are discussed in the "significant items impacting comparability" section of this filing. our management team consistently utilizes a combination of gaap and non-gaap financial measures to evaluate business results, to make decisions regarding the future direction of our business, and for resource allocation decisions, including incentive compensation. as a result, we believe the presentation of both gaap and non-gaap financial measures provides investors with increased transparency into financial measures used by our management team and improves investors' understanding of our underlying operating performance and in their analysis of ongoing operating trends. all historic non-gaap financial measures have been reconciled with the most directly comparable gaap financial measures.
non-gaap financial measures non-gaap financial measures used for evaluation of performance include currency-neutral and organic net sales, adjusted and currency-neutral adjusted operating profit, adjusted and currency-neutral adjusted diluted earnings per share (eps), adjusted and currency-neutral adjusted gross profit, adjusted and currency neutral adjusted gross margin, adjusted other income (expense), and cash flow. we determine currency-neutral results by dividing or multiplying, as appropriate, the current-period local currency operating results by the currency exchange rates used to translate our financial statements in the comparable prior-year period to determine what the current period u.s. dollar operating results would have been if the currency exchange rate had not changed from the comparable prior-year period. these non-gaap financial measures may not be comparable to similar measures used by other companies.
•currency-neutral net sales and organic net sales: we adjust the gaap financial measure to exclude the impact of foreign currency, resulting in currency-neutral net sales. in addition, we exclude the impact of acquisitions, divestitures, foreign currency, and differences in shipping days including the 53rd week, resulting in organic net sales. we excluded the items which we believe may obscure trends in our underlying net sales performance. by providing these non-gaap net sales measures, management intends to provide investors with a meaningful, consistent comparison of net sales performance for the company and each of our reportable segments for the periods presented. management uses these non-gaap measures to evaluate the effectiveness of initiatives behind net sales growth, pricing realization, and the impact of mix on our business results. these non-gaap measures are also used to make decisions regarding the future direction of our business, and for resource allocation decisions.
•adjusted: gross profit, gross margin, operating profit and diluted eps: we adjust the gaap financial measures to exclude the effect of restructuring programs, mark-to-market adjustments for pension plans (service cost, interest cost, expected return on plan assets, and other net periodic pension costs are not excluded), commodities and certain foreign currency contracts, multi-employer pension plan withdrawal liabilities, gain/loss on the divestiture, and other costs impacting comparability resulting in adjusted. we excluded the items which we believe may obscure trends in our underlying profitability. by providing these non-gaap profitability measures, management intends to provide investors with a meaningful, consistent comparison of the company's profitability measures for the periods presented. management uses these non-gaap financial measures to evaluate the effectiveness of initiatives intended to improve profitability, as well as to evaluate the impacts of inflationary pressures and decisions to invest in new initiatives within each of our segments.
•currency-neutral adjusted: gross profit, gross margin, operating profit, and diluted eps: we adjust the gaap financial measures to exclude the effect of restructuring programs, mark-to-market adjustments for pension plans (service cost, interest cost, expected return on plan assets, and other net periodic pension costs are not excluded), commodities and certain foreign currency contracts, multi-employer pension plan withdrawal liabilities, gain/loss on divestiture, other costs impacting comparability, and foreign currency, resulting in currency-neutral adjusted. we excluded the items which we believe may obscure trends in our underlying profitability. by providing these non-gaap profitability measures, management intends to provide investors with a meaningful, consistent comparison of the company's profitability measures for the periods presented. management uses these non-gaap financial measures to evaluate the effectiveness of initiatives intended to improve profitability, as well as to evaluate the impacts of inflationary pressures and decisions to invest in new initiatives within each of our segments.
•adjusted effective income tax rate: we adjust the gaap financial measures to exclude the effect of restructuring programs, mark-to-market adjustments for pension plans (service cost, interest cost, expected return on plan assets, and other net periodic pension costs are not excluded), commodities and certain foreign currency contracts, multi-employer pension plan withdrawal liabilities, the gain/loss on divestiture, and other costs impacting comparability. we excluded the items which we believe may obscure trends in our pre-tax income and the related tax effect of those items on our adjusted effective income tax rate, and other impacts to tax expense, including u.s. tax reform and certain out-of-period adjustments, on our adjusted effective income tax rate. by providing this non-gaap measure, management intends to provide investors with a meaningful, consistent comparison of the company's effective tax rate, excluding the pre-tax income and tax effect of the items noted above, for the periods presented. management uses this non-gaap measure to monitor the effectiveness of initiatives in place to optimize our global tax rate.
•net debt: defined as the sum of long-term debt, current maturities of long-term debt and notes payable, less cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities. with respect to net debt, cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities are subtracted from the gaap measure, total debt liabilities, because they could be used to reduce the company's debt obligations. company management and investors use this non-gaap measure to evaluate changes to the company's capital structure and credit quality assessment.
•cash flow: defined as net cash provided by operating activities reduced by expenditures for property additions. cash flow does not represent the residual cash flow available for discretionary expenditures. we use this non-gaap financial measure of cash flow to focus management and investors on the amount of cash available for debt repayment, dividend distributions, acquisition opportunities, and share repurchases once all of the company's business needs and obligations are met. additionally, certain performance-based compensation includes a component of this non-gaap measure.
these measures have not been calculated in accordance with gaap and should not be viewed as a substitute for gaap reporting measures.
significant items impacting comparability mark-to-market accounting for pension plans, commodities and certain foreign currency contracts we recognize mark-to-market adjustments for pension plans, commodity contracts, and certain foreign currency contracts as incurred. actuarial gains/losses for pension plans were recognized in the year they occur. changes between contract and market prices for commodities contracts and certain foreign currency contracts result in gains/losses that were recognized in the quarter they occur. we recorded a total pre-tax mark-to-market charge of $162 million for 2020, a total pre-tax market-to-market charge of $104 million for 2019 and a total pre-tax mark-to-market charge of $343 million for 2018. included within the aforementioned totals was a pre-tax mark-to-market charge for pension plans of $154 million for 2020, pre-tax mark-to-market charge for pension plans of $98 million for 2019, and a pre-tax mark-to-market charge for pension plans of $335 million for 2018.
project k in 2019, the company completed implementation of all project k initiatives. we recorded pre-tax charges related to this program of $54 million in 2019 and $143 million in 2018.
see the restructuring and cost reduction activities section for more information.
brexit impacts during 2019, with the uncertainty associated with the united kingdom's exit from the european union (eu), commonly referred to as brexit, we incurred certain costs to proactively prepare for the potential adverse impacts of brexit, such as delays at ports of entry and departure. as a result, we incurred pre-tax charges of $9 million in 2019 and a pre-tax charge of $3 million in 2018.
business and portfolio realignment one-time costs related to divestitures and acquisitions, including the divestiture of our cookies, fruit snacks, pie crusts, and ice-cream cone businesses; reorganizations in support of our deploy for growth priorities and a reshaped portfolio; and investments in enhancing capabilities prioritized by our deploy for growth strategy. as a result, we incurred pre-tax charges, primarily related to reorganizations of $38 million in 2020, $156 million in 2019 and $5 million in 2018.
multi-employer pension plan exit liability during the third quarter of 2019, the company incurred a pre-tax charge of $132 million due to withdrawing from two multi-employer pension plans. during the second quarter of 2020, the company recorded a pre-tax gain of approximately $5 million related to the settlement of one multi-employer pension plan withdrawal liability from the prior year.
divestitures on july 28, 2019, the company completed its sale of selected cookies, fruit and fruit flavored snacks, pie crusts, and ice cream cones businesses to ferrero for approximately $1.3 billion in cash, subject to a working capital adjustment mechanism. both the total assets and net assets of the businesses were approximately $1.3 billion, resulting in a net pre-tax gain of $38 million during the third quarter, recorded in other income and (expense). additionally, the company recognized curtailment gains related to the divestiture totaling $17 million in our u.s. pension and nonpension postretirement plans. during 2020 the working capital adjustment was finalized, resulting in a reduction of the sale proceeds and recognition of a pre-tax expense in other income and (expense) of $4 million.
the operating results for the divested businesses were primarily included in the north america reporting segment prior to the sale. reported net sales for the divested businesses totaled $562 million for the first eight months of the year ended december 28, 2019 and $308 million for the last five months of the year ended december 29, 2018.
additionally, during the fourth quarter of 2020, the company divested its majority ownership of a small business in our europe reportable segment, resulting in a pre-tax loss of $4 million. net sales in 2020, totaled approximately $11 million for the business divested.
acquisitions in may of 2018, the company acquired an incremental 1% ownership interest in multipro, which along with concurrent changes to the shareholders' agreement, resulted in the company now having a 51% controlling interest in and began consolidating multipro, a leading distributor of a variety of food products in nigeria and ghana. in our amea reportable segment, year ended december 28, 2019, the acquisition added $271 million in net sales that impacted the comparability of 2018 reported results.
impact of shipping day differences including 53rd week during the fourth quarter of 2020, the company had a difference in shipping days resulting from an additional week of business during the fiscal year. this impact increased reported net sales by $174 million for the year ended january 2, 2021.
out-of-period adjustment during the fourth quarter of 2019, the company recorded an out-of-period adjustment to correct an error related to a prior year which increased income tax expense by $39 million.  see note 13 to the consolidated financial statements.
u.s. tax reform during the third quarter of 2020, the company reversed a liability for uncertain tax positions of $32 million, related to the finalization of a tax examination. the liability was related to the company's estimate of the transition tax liability in conjunction with the finalization of accounting under staff accounting bulletin no. 118, income tax accounting implications of the tax cuts and jobs act.
foreign currency translation we evaluate the operating results of our business on a currency-neutral basis. we determine currency-neutral operating results by dividing or multiplying, as appropriate, the current period local currency operating results by the currency exchange rates used to translate our financial statements in the comparable prior year period to determine what the current period u.s. dollar operating results would have been if the currency exchange rate had not changed from the comparable prior-year period. organic net sales exclude the impact of acquisitions, including the foreign currency impact calculated by applying the prior year foreign currency rates to current period results.
financial results for the full year ended january 2, 2021, our reported net sales increased 1.4% versus the prior year as strong organic net sales growth and the benefit of an additional week of business was partially offset by the impact of lapping results from the businesses divested at the end of july 2019, and unfavorable foreign currency. demand for packaged foods for at-home consumption remained elevated as a result of the pandemic, although moderating in the back half of the year. this growth more than offset a decline in away-from-home channel net sales. organic net sales increased 6.0% from the prior year after excluding the impact of the 53rd week, the divestiture, and foreign currency.
reported operating profit increased almost 26% versus the prior year due primarily to substantially lower charges for multi-employer pension plan withdrawal, business and portfolio realignment, and project k, and higher net sales, partially offset by the impact of the divestiture, and incremental covid-19-related costs. currency-neutral adjusted operating profit increased 3.5%, after excluding the impact of the multi-employer pension plan withdrawal, project k, and business and portfolio realignment.
reported diluted eps of $3.63 for the year was up 30% compared to the prior year eps of $2.80 due primarily to higher operating profit and a lower tax rate due to the release of reserves for uncertain tax positions related to u.s. tax reform. these impacts were partially offset by increased brand building investment, higher performance-based compensation costs, and the prior year gain on the divestiture. currency-neutral adjusted diluted eps of $4.03 for the year increased 2.3% compared to prior year eps of $3.94, after excluding the impact of multi-employer pension plan withdrawal, gain/loss on divestiture, u.s. tax reform, project k, and business and portfolio realignment.
reconciliation of certain non-gaap financial measures consolidated results (dollars in millions, except per share data)                            2020                    2019
reported net income attributable to kellogg company                                    $1,251                     $960
mark-to-market (pre-tax)                                                                (162)                    (104)
project k (pre-tax)                                                                         -                     (54)
brexit impacts (pre-tax)                                                                    -                      (9)
business and portfolio realignment (pre-tax)                                             (38)                    (156)
multi-employer pension plan withdrawal (pre-tax)                                            5                    (132)
gain (loss) on divestiture (pre-tax)                                                      (8)                       55
income tax impact applicable to adjustments, net*                                          45                       50
u.s. tax reform                                                                                                      -
out-of-period adjustment                                                                    -                     (39)
adjusted net income attributable to kellogg company                                    $1,377                   $1,349
foreign currency impact                                                                  (13)
currency-neutral adjusted net income attributable to kellogg company                    1,390                   $1,349
reported diluted eps                                                                    $3.63                    $2.80
mark-to-market (pre-tax)                                                               (0.47)                   (0.30)
project k (pre-tax)                                                                         -                   (0.15)
brexit impacts (pre-tax)                                                                    -                   (0.02)
business and portfolio realignment (pre-tax)                                           (0.11)                   (0.46)
multi-employer pension plan withdrawal (pre-tax)                                         0.01                   (0.39)
gain (loss) on divestiture (pre-tax)                                                   (0.02)                     0.16
income tax impact applicable to adjustments, net*                                        0.13                     0.14
u.s. tax reform                                                                          0.10                        -
out-of-period adjustment                                                                    -                   (0.12)
adjusted diluted eps                                                                    $3.99                    $3.94
foreign currency impact                                                                (0.04)
currency-neutral adjusted diluted eps                                                    4.03                    $3.94
currency-neutral adjusted diluted eps growth                                              2.3   %
note: tables may not foot due to rounding.
for more information on reconciling items in the table above, please refer to the significant items impacting comparability section.
* represents the estimated income tax effect on the reconciling items, using weighted-average statutory tax rates, depending upon the applicable jurisdiction.
net sales and operating profit
2020 compared to 2019
the following tables provide an analysis of net sales and operating profit performance for 2020 versus 2019:
year ended january 2, 2021
(millions)                                                                   north america                       europe                        latin                     amea   corporate                             kellogg america                                                             consolidated reported net sales                                                           $8,361                         $2,232                         $914                    $2,263       $-                             $13,770
foreign currency impact on total business (inc)/dec                             (7)                             13                        (133)                      (77)       -                                (204)
currency-neutral net sales                                                   $8,368                         $2,219                       $1,048                    $2,340       $-                             $13,974
impact of 53rd week                                                             134                             22                            -                        18       -                                  174
foreign currency impact on 53rd week (inc)/dec                                    -                            (1)                            -                       (1)       -                                  (2)
organic net sales                                                            $8,234                         $2,198                       $1,048                    $2,322       $-                             $13,802
year ended december 28, 2019
(millions)                                                                   north america                       europe                        latin                     amea   corporate                             kellogg america                                                             consolidated reported net sales                                                           $8,390                         $2,092                         $940                    $2,156       $-                             $13,578
divestitures                                                                    556                              -                            6                         -       -                                  562
organic net sales                                                            $7,834                         $2,092                         $935                    $2,156       $-                             $13,017
% change - 2020 vs. 2019:
reported growth                                                               (0.4)      %                     6.7    %                   (2.8)    %                  5.0   %   -           %                      1.4      %
foreign currency impact on total business (inc)/dec                           (0.1)      %                     0.7    %                  (14.2)    %                (3.5)   %   -           %                    (1.5)      %
currency-neutral growth                                                       (0.3)      %                     6.0    %                    11.4    %                  8.5   %   -           %                      2.9      %
divestitures                                                                  (7.1)      %                       -    %                   (0.7)    %                    -   %   -           %                    (4.5)      %
impact of 53rd week                                                             1.7      %                     1.0    %                       -    %                  0.8   %   -           %                      1.4      %
foreign currency impact on 53rd week (inc)/dec                                    -      %                   (0.1)    %                       -    %                    -   %   -           %                        -      %
organic growth                                                                  5.1      %                     5.1    %                    12.1    %                  7.7   %   -           %                      6.0      %
volume (tonnage)                                                                4.8      %                     5.3    %                     8.9    %                  4.2   %   -           %                      5.1      %
pricing/mix                                                                     0.3      %                   (0.2)    %                     3.2    %                  3.5   %   -           %                      0.9      %
note: tables may not foot due to rounding.
for more information on reconciling items in the table above, please refer to the significant items impacting comparability section.
34
year ended january 2, 2021
(millions)                                                                   north america                     europe                        latin                   amea                  corporate                       kellogg america                                                                    consolidated reported operating profit                                                    $1,473                         $302                          $97                    $202                   $(312)                       $1,761
mark-to-market                                                                    -                            -                            -                       -                      (8)                          (8)
business and portfolio realignment                                              (8)                          (9)                          (5)                    (17)                      (7)                         (46)
multi-employer pension plan withdrawal                                            5                            -                            -                       -                        -                            5
adjusted operating profit                                                    $1,477                         $311                         $102                    $218                   $(297)                       $1,811
foreign currency impact                                                         (1)                                                      (13)                     (5)                                                  (16)
currency-neutral adjusted operating profit                                   $1,478                         $309                         $115                    $224                   $(299)                       $1,827
year ended december 28, 2019
(millions)                                                                   north america                     europe                        latin                   amea                  corporate                       kellogg america                                                                    consolidated reported operating profit                                                    $1,215                         $223                          $85                    $195                   $(316)                       $1,401
mark-to-market                                                                    -                            -                            -                       -                      (7)                          (7)
project k                                                                      (29)                          (3)                         (15)                     (4)                      (4)                         (54)
brexit impacts                                                                    -                          (9)                            -                       -                        -                          (9)
business and portfolio realignment                                             (58)                         (46)                          (4)                    (12)                     (42)                        (161)
multi-employer pension plan withdrawal                                        (132)                            -                            -                       -                        -                        (132)
adjusted operating profit                                                    $1,434                         $280                         $104                    $211                   $(264)                       $1,764
% change - 2020 vs. 2019:
reported growth                                                                21.3      %                  35.4    %                    14.2    %                3.5   %                  1.2   %                     25.7      %
mark-to-market                                                                    -      %                     -    %                       -    %                  -   %                (0.6)   %                        -      %
project k                                                                       2.8      %                   1.7    %                    17.3    %                1.9   %                  1.2   %                      4.6      %
brexit impacts                                                                    -      %                   5.1    %                       -    %                  -   %                    -   %                      0.8      %
business and portfolio realignment                                              4.6      %                  17.8    %                   (1.2)    %              (2.1)   %                 13.1   %                      9.1      %
multi-employer pension plan withdrawal                                         10.9      %                     -    %                       -    %                  -   %                    -   %                      8.6      %
adjusted growth                                                                 3.0      %                  10.8    %                   (1.9)    %                3.7   %               (12.5)   %                      2.6      %
foreign currency impact                                                       (0.1)      %                   0.5    %                  (12.6)    %              (2.4)   %                  0.8   %                    (0.9)      %
currency-neutral adjusted growth                                                3.1      %                  10.3    %                    10.7    %                6.1   %               (13.3)   %                      3.5      %
note: tables may not foot due to rounding.
for more information on reconciling items in the table above, please refer to the significant items impacting comparability section.
north america reported net sales decreased 0.4% versus the prior year, due primarily to the absence of results from the businesses divested in july 2019, partially offset by strong organic growth and the benefit from the 53rd week. net sales growth was driven by the acceleration of demand for snacks, cereal, and frozen food as consumers increased purchases of food for at-home consumption due to the pandemic, moderating beginning in the third quarter. this acceleration of demand was partly offset by a related decline in net sales in away-from-home channels and, to a lesser extent, the timing of shipments in certain categories during the 4th quarter. organic net sales increased 5.1% after excluding the impact of the divestiture, foreign currency, and the 53rd week.
net sales % change - 2020 vs. 2019:
north america              reported net sales   foreign currency            currency-neutral net sales   divestiture            impact of 53rd week   foreign currency impact on 53rd week             organic net sales snacks                         (7.2)        %   -               %                     (7.2)          %   (12.2)      %                 1.7        %   -                             %                        3.3       %
cereal                           8.5        %   (0.2)           %                       8.7          %   -           %                 1.9        %   (0.1)                         %                        6.9       %
frozen                           9.6        %   (0.1)           %                       9.7          %   -           %                 1.6        %   -                             %                        8.1       %
north america snacks net sales decreased 7.2% due to the absence of the divested businesses, whose results were seasonally weighted to the first half of the year, partially offset by the benefit of the 53rd week. organic net sales increased 3.3% due to high demand for packaged foods for at-home consumption as a result of the pandemic partly offset by a related decline in net sales in away-from-home channels.
north america cereal and frozen foods net sales grew 8.5% and 9.6%, respectively, due to elevated demand for packaged foods for at-home consumption as a result of the pandemic.
north america reported operating profit increased 21% due primarily to higher net sales and the lapping of prior year charges for multi-employer pension plan withdrawal, business and portfolio realignment and project k costs, partially offset by the absence of results from the divested businesses, and incremental covid-19-related costs. currency-neutral adjusted operating profit increased 3.1%, after excluding the impact of multi-employer pension plan withdrawal, business and portfolio realignment, project k and foreign currency.
europe reported net sales increased 6.7% due to elevated demand for at-home consumption of cereal and the benefit of the 53rd week, partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency. organic net sales increased 5.1%.
cereal net sales growth was driven largely by accelerated consumption in our developed markets as a result of the pandemic.
snacks net sales declined slightly as a result of reduced demand for on-the-go foods and pack formats during the pandemic and a reduction in advertising and promotional activity in the first half of the year related to pringles due to the cancellation of a major sporting event.
reported operating profit increased 35% due primarily to higher net sales and lower business and portfolio realignment costs partially offset by incremental covid-19-related costs. currency-neutral adjusted operating profit increased 10% after excluding the impact of business and portfolio realignment, project k, and foreign currency.
latin america reported net sales decreased 2.8% due primarily to the impact of unfavorable foreign currency. organic net sales increased 12%, after excluding the impact of foreign currency. organic net sales growth was driven by higher cereal sales, which accelerated during the pandemic as consumers increased purchases of food for at-home consumption in modern trade channels as a result of the pandemic.
cereal net sales growth was led by mexico and caricam.
snacks net sales declined on a reported basis due primarily to unfavorable foreign currency. however, pringles posted strong consumption and share performance , led by mexico and brazil.
reported operating profit increased 14% due to higher net sales and lapping of prior year project k costs, partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency. currency-neutral adjusted operating profit increased 11% after excluding the impact of foreign currency, project k, and business and portfolio realignment.
amea reported net sales improved 5.0% due to growth in cereal, noodles, and pringles, partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency. organic net sales increased 7.7% after excluding the impact of foreign currency and the 53rd week.
cereal net sales growth for the region was driven by elevated demand for at-home consumption of our products in developed markets as well as emerging markets.
noodles net sales growth during the year was due primarily to the expansion of our business in africa and the middle east.
reported operating profit increased 3.5% due primarily to the impact of higher net sales, which more than offset the prior year reversal of indirect excise tax liabilities resulting from participation in a tax amnesty program, and unfavorable foreign currency impacts. currency-neutral adjusted operating profit increased 6.1%, after excluding the impact of business and portfolio realignment, project k, and foreign currency.
corporate reported operating profit increased $4 million versus the prior year due primarily to lower business and portfolio realignment costs partially offset by higher performance-based compensation costs. currency-neutral adjusted operating profit decreased $35 million from the prior year after excluding the impact of business and portfolio realignment and foreign currency.
2019 compared to 2018
the following tables provide an analysis of net sales and operating profit performance for 2019 versus 2018:
year ended december 28, 2019
(millions)                                                                   north america                       europe                      latin                     amea   corporate                             kellogg america                                                             consolidated reported net sales                                                           $8,390                         $2,092                       $940                    $2,156       $-                             $13,578
foreign currency impact on total business (inc)/dec                            (11)                          (101)                       (33)                      (87)       -                                (231)
currency-neutral net sales                                                   $8,400                         $2,193                       $973                    $2,243       $-                             $13,810
acquisitions                                                                      -                              -                          -                       271       -                                  271
foreign currency impact on acquisitions (inc)/dec                                 -                              -                          -                        49       -                                   49
organic net sales                                                            $8,400                         $2,193                       $973                    $1,922       $-                             $13,489
year ended december 29, 2018
(millions)                                                                   north america                       europe                      latin                     amea   corporate                             kellogg america                                                             consolidated reported net sales                                                           $8,688                         $2,122                       $947                    $1,790       $-                             $13,547
divestitures                                                305                                                  -                          4                         -       -                                  308
organic net sales                                                            $8,383                         $2,122                       $943                    $1,790       $-                             $13,239
% change - 2019 vs. 2018:
reported growth                                                               (3.4)      %                   (1.4)    %                 (0.7)    %                 20.4   %   -           %                      0.2      %
foreign currency impact                                                       (0.1)      %                   (4.7)    %                 (3.5)    %                (4.9)   %   -           %                    (1.7)      %
currency-neutral growth                                                       (3.3)      %                     3.3    %                   2.8    %                 25.3   %   -           %                      1.9      %
acquisitions                                                                      -      %                       -    %                     -    %                 15.2   %   -           %                      2.0      %
divestitures                                                                  (3.5)      %                       -    %                 (0.4)    %                    -   %   -           %                    (2.4)      %
foreign currency impact on acquisitions (inc)/dec                                 -      %                       -    %                     -    %                  2.7   %   -           %                      0.4      %
organic growth                                              0.2                          %                     3.3    %                   3.2    %                  7.4   %   -           %                      1.9      %
volume (tonnage)                                                              (1.8)      %                     1.7    %                     -    %                  2.2   %   -           %                    (0.2)      %
pricing/mix                                                 2.0                          %                     1.6    %                   3.2    %                  5.2   %   -           %                      2.1      %
note: tables may not foot due to rounding.
for more information on reconciling items in the table above, please refer to the significant items impacting comparability section.
37
year ended december 28, 2019
(millions)                                                                   north america                       europe                        latin                   amea                 corporate*                       kellogg america                                                                    consolidated reported operating profit                                                    $1,215                           $223                          $85                    $195                   $(316)                       $1,401
mark-to-market                                                                    -                              -                            -                       -                      (7)                          (7)
project k                                                                      (29)                            (3)                         (15)                     (4)                      (4)                         (54)
brexit impacts                                                                    -                            (9)                            -                       -                        -                          (9)
business and portfolio realignment                                             (58)                           (46)                          (4)                    (12)                     (42)                        (161)
multi-employer pension plan withdrawal                                        (132)                              -                            -                       -                        -                        (132)
adjusted operating profit                                                    $1,434                           $280                         $104                    $211                   $(264)                       $1,764
foreign currency impact                                                         (1)                           (13)                          (1)                     (8)                        -                         (23)
currency-neutral adjusted operating profit                                   $1,434                           $293                         $105                    $219                   $(264)                       $1,788
year ended december 29, 2018
(millions)                                                                   north america                       europe                        latin                   amea                 corporate*                       kellogg america                                                                    consolidated reported operating profit                                                    $1,397                           $251                         $102                    $174                   $(218)                       $1,706
mark-to-market                                                                    -                              -                            -                       -                        7                            7
project k                                                                     (107)                           (26)                         (15)                    (18)                      (7)                        (173)
brexit impacts                                                                    -                            (3)                            -                       -                        -                          (3)
business and portfolio realignment                                              (3)                              -                            -                       -                      (2)                          (5)
adjusted operating profit                                                    $1,507                           $280                         $117                    $192                   $(216)                       $1,880
% change - 2019 vs. 2018:
reported growth                                                              (13.0)      %                  (11.2)    %                  (16.8)    %               11.9   %               (44.6)   %                   (17.8)      %
mark-to-market                                                                    -      %                       -    %                       -    %                  -   %                (7.7)   %                    (0.7)      %
project k                                          4.3                                   %                     7.5    %                   (2.7)    %                8.6   %                  2.6   %                      4.8      %
brexit impacts                                                                    -      %                   (2.4)    %                       -    %                0.2   %                    -   %                    (0.4)      %
business and portfolio realignment                                            (3.6)      %                  (16.4)    %                   (3.0)    %              (6.3)   %               (18.1)   %                    (8.3)      %
multi-employer pension plan withdrawal                                        (8.8)      %                       -    %                       -    %                  -   %                    -   %                    (7.1)      %
adjusted growth                                                               (4.9)      %                     0.1    %                  (11.1)    %                9.4   %               (21.4)   %                    (6.1)      %
foreign currency impact                                                           -      %                   (4.5)    %                   (1.2)    %              (4.4)   %                  0.1   %                    (1.2)      %
currency-neutral adjusted growth                                              (4.9)      %                     4.6    %                   (9.9)    %               13.8   %               (21.5)   %                    (4.9)      %
note: tables may not foot due to rounding.
*corporate in 2019 includes the cost of certain global research and development activities that were previously included in the north america reportable segment in 2018 that totaled approximately $48 million.
for more information on reconciling items in the table above, please refer to the significant items impacting comparability section.
north america reported net sales decreased 3.4% versus the prior year due primarily to the absence of results from the businesses divested in july 2019 partially offset by favorable price/mix. organic net sales increased 0.2% after excluding the impact of the divestiture and foreign currency.
net sales % change - 2019 vs. 2018:
north america              reported net sales        foreign currency       currency-neutral net sales   divestiture           organic net sales snacks                         (4.1)        %           (0.1)       %                 (4.0)          %   (6.2)       %               2.2       %
cereal                         (4.1)        %           (0.2)       %                 (3.9)          %   -           %             (3.9)       %
frozen                           1.6        %           (0.1)       %                   1.7          %   -           %               1.7       %
north america snacks reported net sales decreased 4.1% due primarily to the divestiture. organic net sales increased 2.2% from the prior year due primarily to sustained momentum and innovations in key brands, including cheez-it, rice krispies treats, pringles and pop-tarts partially offset by the first quarter supplier-related recall of rxbar.
north america cereal reported net sales declined by 4.1% largely due to reduced advertising and promotional activity during two waves of pack-size harmonization during the first half of the year as well as softness in special k and mini-wheats.
north america frozen foods reported net sales increased by 1.6%, lapping strong year-ago growth and negative impact of phasing out certain sku's. more than offsetting these factors was accelerated growth in morningstar farms as net sales, consumption, and share grew during the year on innovation and strong commercial programs.
north america reported operating profit decreased 13% due primarily to higher business and portfolio realignment charges, the multi-employer pension plan exit liability and the absence of results from the businesses divested in july 2019 partially offset by lower project k costs. currency-neutral adjusted operating profit declined 4.9% as growth in the base business was more than offset by the impact of the divestiture. additionally, north america operating profit benefited from the transfer of certain global research and development activities from north america to corporate at the beginning of 2019.
europe reported net sales decreased 1.4% due to unfavorable foreign currency partially offset by higher volume and favorable pricing/mix. organic net sales increased 3.3% after excluding the impact of foreign currency.
growth was driven by snacks, led by pringles, with increased net sales and consumption in key markets behind innovation, effective brand-building, and new pack formats.
cereal net sales decreased slightly, moderating from recent years' declines. our share was relatively flat across the region.
as reported operating profit decreased 11% due primarily to higher one-time costs and unfavorable foreign currency. currency-neutral adjusted operating profit increased 4.6% after excluding the impact of foreign currency and one-time costs.
latin america reported net sales decreased 0.7% due to unfavorable foreign currency and the impact of the divestiture, partially offset by favorable pricing/mix. organic net sales increased 3.2% after excluding the impact of the divestiture and foreign currency, led by growth in mexico and brazil.
cereal net sales growth in mexico for the year, despite lapping strong prior year comparisons. cereal net sales in brazil also increased despite category softness.
snacks net sales growth was led by pringles, led by increased net sales and consumption growth in mexico for the year.
reported operating profit decreased 17% due primarily to higher input costs and investments as well as higher one-time costs and unfavorable foreign currency. currency-neutral adjusted operating profit decreased 10% after excluding the impact of foreign currency and one-time costs.
amea reported net sales improved 20% primarily due to a full year of multipro results, pringles growth across the region, and favorable pricing/mix, partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency. organic net sales increased 7.4% after excluding the acquisition impact of multipro and foreign currency.
multipro posted double-digit reported net sales growth during the year and contributed to organic growth beginning in may, lapping the 2018 consolidation of the business.
snacks posted solid growth led by sustained momentum in pringles, which grew net sales and consumption collectively across the region.
reported operating profit increased 12% due to a full year of multipro results, higher organic net sales, and the reversal of indirect excise tax liabilities largely the result of participating in a tax amnesty program, partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency. currency-neutral adjusted operating profit improved 14% after excluding the impact of foreign currency, project k, and business and portfolio realignment.
corporate reported operating profit decreased $98 million versus the prior year due primarily to higher business and portfolio realignment costs, unfavorable mark-to-market impacts, and the transfer of certain global research and development activities from north america to corporate at the beginning of 2019. these impacts were partially offset by lower project k costs. currency-neutral adjusted operating profit decreased $48 million after excluding the impact of mark-to-market, project k, and business and portfolio realignment costs.
margin performance
2020 versus 2019 gross margin performance was as follows:
change vs.
prior year (pts.)
2020                                                              2019
reported gross margin (a)                       34.3   %      32.3   %             2.0
mark-to-market                                 (0.1)   %         -   %           (0.1)
project k                                          -   %     (0.3)   %             0.3
brexit impacts                                     -   %         -   %               -
business and portfolio realignment                 -   %     (0.1)   %             0.1
multi-employer pension plan withdrawal             -   %     (1.0)   %             1.0
adjusted gross margin                           34.4   %      33.7   %             0.7
foreign currency impact                          0.1   %         -   %             0.1
currency-neutral adjusted gross margin          34.3   %      33.7   %             0.6
note: tables may not foot due to rounding.
for information on the reconciling items in the table above, please refer to the significant items impacting comparability section.
(a) reported gross margin as a percentage of net sales. gross margin is equal to net sales less cost of goods sold.
reported gross margin for the year ended january 2, 2021 increased 200 basis points due primarily to operating leverage as a result of higher net sales, lower charges for multi-employer pension plan withdrawal, and project k, partially offset by incremental covid-19-related costs, and unfavorable foreign currency. currency-neutral adjusted gross margin increased 60 basis points compared to the prior year after eliminating the impact of multi-employer pension plan withdrawal, project k, and foreign currency.
our 2020 and 2019 currency-neutral adjusted gross profit is reconciled to the most comparable u.s. gaap measures as follows:
(dollars in millions)                                         2020                    2019
reported gross profit (a)                                $4,727                  $4,381
mark-to-market                                              (6)                     (4)
project k                                                     -                    (35)
brexit impacts                                                -                     (9)
business and portfolio realignment                          (7)                    (17)
multi-employer pension plan withdrawal                        5                   (132)
adjusted gross profit                                     4,735                   4,579
foreign currency impact                                    (57)                       -
currency-neutral adjusted gross profit                   $4,792                  $4,579
note: tables may not foot due to rounding.
for more information on the reconciling items in the table above, please refer to the significant items impacting comparability section.
(a) gross profit is equal to net sales less cost of goods sold.
2019 versus 2018 gross margin performance was as follows:
change vs.
prior year (pts.)
2019                                                              2018
reported gross margin (a)                       32.3   %      34.9   %           (2.6)
mark-to-market                                     -   %       0.1   %           (0.1)
project k                                      (0.3)   %     (0.8)   %             0.5
brexit impacts                                     -   %         -   %               -
business and portfolio realignment             (0.1)   %         -   %           (0.1)
multi-employer pension plan withdrawal         (1.0)   %         -   %           (1.0)
adjusted gross margin                           33.7   %      35.6   %           (1.9)
foreign currency impact                            -   %         -   %               -
currency-neutral adjusted gross margin          33.7   %      35.6   %           (1.9)
note: tables may not foot due to rounding.
for more information on reconciling items in the table above, please refer to the significant items impacting comparability section.
(a) reported gross margin as a percentage of net sales. gross margin is equal to net sales less cost of goods sold.
reported gross margin for the year ended december 28, 2019, was unfavorable 260 basis points due primarily to the recognition of a $132 million liability related to our exit from two multi-employer pension plans. additionally, margins were negatively impacted by the consolidation of multipro results, higher input costs, mix shifts and costs related to growth in new pack formats. currency-neutral adjusted gross margin was unfavorable 190 basis points compared to the prior year after eliminating the impact of the multi-employer pension plan exit liability, mark-to-market, project k, and business and portfolio realignment.
our 2019 and 2018 currency-neutral adjusted gross profit is reconciled to the most comparable u.s. gaap measures as follows:
(dollars in millions)                        2019                                     2018
reported gross profit (a)                                $4,381                  $4,726
mark-to-market                                              (4)                       6
project k                                                  (35)                    (99)
brexit impacts                                              (9)                     (2)
business and portfolio realignment                         (17)                       -
multi-employer pension plan withdrawal                    (132)                       -
adjusted gross profit                                     4,578                   4,821
foreign currency impact                                    (73)                       -
currency-neutral adjusted gross profit                   $4,651                  $4,821
note: tables may not foot due to rounding.
for more information on reconciling items in the table above, please refer to the significant items impacting comparability section.
(a) gross profit is equal to net sales less cost of goods sold.
restructuring programs we view our restructuring and cost reduction activities as part of our operating principles to provide greater visibility in achieving our long-term profit growth targets. initiatives undertaken are currently expected to recover cash implementation costs within a three to five-year period of completion. upon completion (or as each major stage is completed in the case of multi-year programs), the project begins to deliver cash savings and/or reduced depreciation.
during 2019, the company announced a reorganization plan for the european reportable segment designed to simplify the organization, increase organizational efficiency, and enhance key processes. since inception, the project has resulted in cumulative pretax net charges of approximately $37 million, including certain non-cash credits. cash costs are approximately $50 million. the total charges include severance and other termination benefits and charges related to relocation, pension curtailment gains, third party legal and consulting fees, and contract termination costs. during 2020, the company recorded total net charges of $(1) million related to this initiative, with $7 million recorded in sg&a expense and $(8) million recorded in oie. this project is substantially complete as of the end of fiscal year 2020. total charges and cash costs were in line with expectations.
also during 2019, the company announced a reorganization plan which primarily impacts the north america reportable segment. the reorganization plan is designed to simplify the organization that supports the remaining north america reportable segment after the divestiture and related transition. since inception, the overall project resulted in cumulative pretax charges of approximately $23 million. cash costs approximated the pretax charges. total charges include severance and other termination benefits and charges related to third party consulting fees. during 2020, the company recorded total charges of $2 million related to this initiative during 2020. this project is substantially complete as of the end of fiscal year 2020. total charges and cash costs were in line with expectations.
in addition to the projects discussed above, during 2020 the company incurred restructuring costs in each of its reportable segments related to various reorganization and simplification initiatives and supply chain optimization projects. the company recorded total charges of $28 million related to these initiatives, including $6 million in cogs and $22 million in sg&a expense. these costs primarily relate to severance and other termination benefits.
project k as of the end of 2019, the company completed implementation of all project k initiatives. total project charges, after-tax cash costs and annual savings delivered by project k were in line with expectations.
cumulatively, project k resulted in total pre-tax charges of approximately $1.6 billion, with after-tax cash costs, including incremental capital investments of approximately $1.2 billion.
annual cost savings generated from project k are approximately $700 million. these savings were realized primarily in selling, general and administrative expense with additional benefit realized in gross profit as cost of goods sold savings are partially offset by negative volume and price impacts resulting from go-to-market business model changes. the overall savings profile of the project reflects our go-to-market initiatives that will impact both selling, general and administrative expense and gross profit. cost savings have been utilized to offset inflation and fund investments in areas such as in-store execution, sales capabilities, including adding sales representatives, and in the design and quality of our products. we have also invested in production capacity in developing and emerging markets, and in global category teams.
refer to note 5 within notes to consolidated financial statements for further information related to project k and other restructuring activities.
foreign currency translation the reporting currency for our financial statements is the u.s. dollar. certain of our assets, liabilities, expenses and revenues are denominated in currencies other than the u.s. dollar, primarily in the euro, british pound, mexican peso, australian dollar, canadian dollar, brazilian real, nigerian naira, and russian ruble. to prepare our consolidated financial statements, we must translate those assets, liabilities, expenses and revenues into u.s. dollars at the applicable exchange rates. as a result, increases and decreases in the value of the u.s. dollar against these other currencies will affect the amount of these items in our consolidated financial statements, even if their value has not changed in their original currency. this could have significant impact on our results if such increase or decrease in the value of the u.s. dollar is substantial.
interest expense interest expense was $281 million and $284 million for the years ended january 2, 2021 and december 28, 2019, respectively. debt redemption costs included within interest expense for the years ended january 2, 2021 and december 28, 2019, totaled $20 million and $16 million, respectively. interest expense capitalized as part of the construction cost of fixed assets was immaterial for both periods.  the decrease from the prior year is due primarily to lower average debt outstanding.
interest income (recorded in other income (expense), net) was $21 million and $24 million for the years ended january 2, 2021 and december 28, 2019, respectively.
income taxes our reported effective tax rate for 2020 and 2019 was 20.2% and 24.6%, respectively.
the 2020 effective income tax rate was favorably impacted by the reversal of a liability for uncertain tax positions of $32 million, resulting from the finalization of a tax examination during the third quarter. the reserves were related to the company's estimate of the transition tax liability in conjunction with the finalization of accounting under staff accounting bulletin no. 118, income tax accounting implications of the tax cuts and jobs act.
the 2019 effective tax rate was unfavorably impacted by a permanent basis difference in the assets sold to ferrero as well as an out-of-period correction. during the fourth quarter of 2019, we recorded an out-of-period adjustment to correct an error in the tax rate applied to a deferred tax asset arising from an intellectual property transfer in a prior year. the adjustment increased income tax expense and decreased deferred tax assets by $39 million, respectively. we determined the adjustment to be immaterial to our consolidated financial statements for the year ended december 28, 2019 and related prior annual and quarterly periods.
adjusted effective tax rates for 2020 and 2019 and were 22.2% and 19.5%, respectively.
the following table provides a reconciliation of reported to adjusted income taxes and effective income tax rate for 2020 and 2019.
consolidated results (dollars in millions)                         2020                   2019
reported income taxes                                          $323                   $321
mark-to-market                                                 (39)                   (24)
project k                                                         -                   (14)
brexit impacts                                                    -                    (1)
business and portfolio realignment                              (6)                   (35)
multi-employer pension plan withdrawal                            1                   (31)
gain on divestiture                                             (1)                     55
u.s. tax reform                                                (32)                      -
out-of-period adjustment                                          -                     39
adjusted income taxes                                          $401                   $333
reported effective income tax rate                             20.2   %               24.6   %
mark-to-market                                                (0.4)                    0.1
project k                                                         -                  (0.1)
brexit impacts                                                    -                    0.1
business and portfolio realignment                              0.1                  (0.1)
multi-employer pension plan withdrawal                            -                  (0.1)
gain on divestiture                                               -                    2.5
u.s. tax reform                                               (1.8)   %                  -   %
out-of-period adjustment                                          -                    2.7
adjusted effective income tax rate                             22.2   %               19.5   %
note: tables may not foot due to rounding.
for more information on reconciling items in the table above, please refer to the significant items impacting comparability section.
fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could impact the expected effective income tax rate as it is dependent upon u.s. dollar earnings of foreign subsidiaries doing business in various countries with differing statutory rates. additionally, the rate could be impacted by tax legislation and if pending uncertain tax matters, including tax positions that could be affected by planning initiatives, are resolved more or less favorably than we currently expect.
brexit the united kingdom (uk) left the european union on january 31, 2020. following the conclusion of the transition period on december 31, 2020, the uk exited the european union's custom union and single market moving onto trading terms consistent with the eu-uk trade and cooperation agreement. specific operational and financial impacts of brexit continue to evolve and uncertainty remains relating to its impact on local and international markets and the flow of goods and materials across borders. while we do not expect such impacts to be material to the financial trends of our european and consolidated businesses, we continue to monitor and evaluate potential impacts, including the following:
•net sales could be negatively impacted by reduced efficiency in processing of product shipments between the united kingdom and other countries resulting in insufficient products in the appropriate market for sale to customers,
•cost of goods sold could increase due to increased costs related to incremental warehousing and logistics services required to adequately service our customers,
•divergence in implementation of regulatory requirements or disagreements on the trade terms between the european union and the uk could result in unexpected delays, negatively impacting our ability to service customers in a timely and cost-effective manner.
liquidity and capital resources at this time, the covid-19 pandemic has not materially impacted our liquidity and we anticipate current cash and operating cash flows, together with our credit facilities and other financing sources including commercial paper, credit and bond markets, will be adequate to meet our operating, investing and financing needs. we expect cash provided by operating activities of $1.6 billion and capital expenditures of approximately $500 million in 2021. we currently have $2.9 billion of unused revolving credit agreements, including $1.5 billion effective through january 2023 and $1.0 billion effective through january 2022, as well as continued access to the commercial paper markets. we are currently in compliance with all debt covenants and do not have material uncertainty about our ability to maintain compliance in future periods. we continue to utilize available capacity within the monetization programs to maintain financial flexibility without negatively impacting working capital. additionally, we utilized certain aspects of the coronavirus aid, relief and economic security act, to delay the employer share of certain u.s. payroll taxes until 2021 and 2022. our utilization does not include a government loan and is not expected to result in any restrictions on the company's decisions on executive compensation, payment of dividends, or share buy-back programs. as the impact of covid-19 on the economy and our operations evolves, we will continue to assess our liquidity needs. our principal source of liquidity is operating cash flows supplemented by borrowings for major acquisitions and other significant transactions. our cash-generating capability is one of our fundamental strengths and provides us with substantial financial flexibility in meeting operating and investing needs.
we have historically reported negative working capital primarily as the result of our focus to improve core working capital by reducing our levels of trade receivables and inventory while extending the timing of payment of our trade payables.  the impacts of the extended customer terms programs and of the monetization programs are included in our calculation of core working capital and are largely offsetting. these programs are all part of our ongoing working capital management.
we periodically monitor our supplier payment terms to assess whether our terms are competitive and in line with local market terms. to the extent that such assessment indicates that our supplier payment terms are not aligned with local market terms, we may seek to adjust our terms, including extending or shortening our payment due dates as appropriate. supplier payment term modifications did not have a material impact on our cash flows during 2020, and are not expected to have a material impact in 2021.
we have a substantial amount of indebtedness which results in current maturities of long-term debt and notes payable which can have a significant impact on working capital as a result of the timing of these required payments. these factors, coupled with the use of our ongoing cash flows from operations to service our debt obligations, pay dividends, fund acquisition opportunities, and repurchase our common stock, reduce our working capital amounts.
we had negative working capital of $1.8 billion and $1.3 billion as of january 2, 2021 and december 28, 2019, respectively.
in conjunction with the july 28, 2019 closing of the sale of selected cookies, fruit and fruit-flavored snacks, pie crusts, and ice cream cones businesses to ferrero for approximately $1.3 billion in cash, after-tax proceeds of approximately $1.0 billion were used to redeem outstanding debt, which reduced our leverage and provides additional financial flexibility for future operating and investing needs.
we believe that our operating cash flows, together with our credit facilities and other available debt financing, including commercial paper, will be adequate to meet our operating, investing and financing needs in the foreseeable future. however, there can be no assurance that volatility and/or disruption in the global capital and credit markets will not impair our ability to access these markets on terms acceptable to us, or at all.
the following table sets forth a summary of our cash flows:
(dollars in millions)                                                                    2020                    2019
net cash provided by (used in):
operating activities                                                             $1,986                     $1,176
investing activities                                                              (585)                        774
financing activities                                                            (1,388)                    (1,905)
effect of exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents                                25                         31
net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                $38                        $76
operating activities the principal source of our operating cash flows is net earnings, primarily cash receipts from the sale of our products, net of costs to manufacture and market our products.
net cash provided by our operating activities for 2020 totaled $1,986 million compared to $1,176 million in the prior year. the increase is due primarily to increased profitability, and lower cash outflows related to restructuring and business realignment.
our cash conversion cycle (defined as days of inventory and trade receivables outstanding less days of trade payables outstanding, based on a trailing 12 month average), is approximately negative 11 days and negative 5 days for 2020 and 2019, respectively. core working capital in 2020 averaged 1.2% of net sales compared to 1.7% in 2019. the improvement from the prior year is due primarily to improvement in the number of days of trade payables outstanding which results from a decrease in charges related to prior restructuring activity.
our total pension and postretirement benefit plan funding amounted to $32 million and $28 million for the years ended january 2, 2021 and december 28, 2019, respectively.
the pension protection act (ppa), and subsequent regulations, determines defined benefit plan minimum funding requirements in the united states. we believe that we will not be required to make any contributions under ppa requirements until 2022 or beyond. our projections concerning timing of ppa funding requirements are subject to change primarily based on general market conditions affecting trust asset performance, future discount rates based on average yields of high quality corporate bonds and our decisions regarding certain elective provisions of the ppa.
we currently project that we will make total u.s. and foreign benefit plan contributions in 2021 of approximately $25 million. actual 2021 contributions could be different from our current projections, as influenced by our decision to undertake discretionary funding of our benefit trusts versus other competing investment priorities, future changes in government requirements, trust asset performance, renewals of union contracts, or higher-than-expected health care claims cost experience.
we measure cash flow as net cash provided by operating activities reduced by expenditures for property additions. we use this non-gaap financial measure of cash flow to focus management and investors on the amount of cash available over time for debt repayment, dividend distributions, acquisition opportunities, and share repurchases. our cash flow metric is reconciled to the most comparable gaap measure, as follows:
(dollars in millions)                           2020                    2019
net cash provided by operating activities                   $1,986                  $1,176
additions to properties                                      (505)                   (586)
cash flow                                                   $1,481                    $590
investing activities our net cash used in investing activities for 2020 totaled $585 million compared to cash provided of $774 million in 2019. the decrease is due primarily to proceeds from the sale of selected cookies, fruit and fruit-flavored snacks, pie crusts, and ice cream cones businesses to ferrero for approximately $1.3 billion in cash in the prior year.
45
capital spending in 2020 included investments in our supply chain infrastructure, including manufacturing capacity expansions in multiple markets and categories and initiatives targeting waste reductions and productivity improvements.
cash paid for additions to properties as a percentage of net sales was 3.7% and 4.3% in 2020 and 2019, respectively.
financing activities our net cash used in financing activities was $1,388 million and $1,905 for 2020 and 2019, respectively. the decrease in cash used is due primarily to the issuance of $500 million of ten-year notes in may 2020.
total debt was $7.5 billion and $7.9 billion at year-end 2020 and 2019, respectively.
the following table reflects net debt amounts:
(millions, unaudited)                                       january 2, 2021                december 28, 2019
notes payable                                                  $102                             $107
current maturities of long-term debt         627                              620
long-term debt                                                6,746                            7,195
total debt liabilities                                       $7,475                           $7,922
less:
cash and cash equivalents                                     (435)                            (397)
net debt                                                     $7,040                           $7,525
in may of 2020, we issued $500 million of ten-year 2.10% notes due 2030, resulting in net proceeds after debt discount of $496 million. the proceeds from these notes were used for general corporate purposes, including the payment of offering related fees and expenses, repayment of a portion of the $600 million 4.00% notes due
2020 upon maturity, and repayment of a portion of commercial paper borrowings. the notes contain customary covenants that limit the ability of the company and its restricted subsidiaries (as defined) to incur certain liens or enter into certain sale and lease-back transactions, as well as a change of control provision.
in december of 2020, we redeemed $198 million of our 3.250% senior notes due 2021 and $358 million of our 3.125% senior notes due 2022. additionally, the remaining balance of the $600 million 4.00% notes due 2020 was redeemed upon maturity.
in august 2019, we redeemed $191 million of our 4.15% u.s. dollar notes due november 2019, $248 million of our 4.00% u.s. dollar notes due 2020, $202 million of our 3.25% u.s. dollar notes due 2021, and $50 million of our 2.65% u.s. dollar notes due 2023. in september 2019, we redeemed $309 million of our 4.15% u.s. dollar notes due november 2019, the remaining principal balance subsequent to the august redemption.
we paid quarterly dividends to shareholders totaling $2.28 per share in 2020 versus $2.26 per share in 2019. on february 19, 2021, the board of directors declared a dividend of $.57 per common share, payable on march 15, 2021 to shareholders of record at the close of business on march 2, 2021.
we entered into an unsecured five-year credit agreement in january 2018, allowing us to borrow, on a revolving credit basis, up to $1.5 billion and expiring in january 2023.
in january 2021, we entered into an unsecured 364-day credit agreement to borrow, on a revolving credit basis, up to $1.0 billion at any time outstanding, to replace the $1.0 billion 364-day facility that expired in january 2021.
the five-year and 364 day credit agreements which had no outstanding borrowings as january 2, 2021, contain customary covenants and warranties, including specified restrictions on indebtedness, liens and a specified interest expense coverage ratio.  if an event of default occurs, then, to the extent permitted, the administrative agents may terminate the commitments under the credit facilities, accelerate any outstanding loans under the agreements, and demand the deposit of cash collateral equal to the lender's letter of credit exposure plus interest. the company was in compliance with all financial covenants contained in these agreements at january 2, 2021.
our notes contain customary covenants that limit the ability of the company and its restricted subsidiaries (as defined) to incur certain liens or enter into certain sale and lease-back transactions and also contain a change of control provision. there are no significant restrictions on the payment of dividends. we were in compliance with all covenants as of january 2, 2021.
the notes do not contain acceleration of maturity clauses that are dependent on credit ratings. a change in our credit ratings could limit our access to the u.s. short-term debt market and/or increase the cost of refinancing long-term debt in the future. however, even under these circumstances, we would continue to have access to our 364-day credit facility, which expires in january 2022, as well as our five-year credit agreement, which expires in january 2023. this source of liquidity is unused and available on an unsecured basis, although we do not currently plan to use it.
we monitor the financial strength of our third-party financial institutions, including those that hold our cash and cash equivalents as well as those who serve as counterparties to our credit facilities, our derivative financial instruments, and other arrangements.
we continue to believe that we will be able to meet our interest and principal repayment obligations and maintain our debt covenants for the foreseeable future, while still meeting our operational needs, including the pursuit of select acquisitions. this will be accomplished through our strong cash flow, our short-term borrowings, and our maintenance of credit facilities on a global basis.
monetization and accounts payable programs we have a program in which customers could extend their payment terms in exchange for the elimination of early payment discounts (extended terms program). in order to mitigate the net working capital impact of the extended terms program for discrete customers, we entered into agreements to sell, on a revolving basis, certain trade accounts receivable balances to third party financial institutions (monetization programs). transfers under the monetization programs are accounted for as sales of receivables resulting in the receivables being de-recognized from our consolidated balance sheet. the monetization programs provide for the continuing sale of certain receivables on a revolving basis until terminated by either party; however the maximum funding from receivables that may be sold at any time is currently $1,033 million, but may be increased or decreased as customers move in or out of the extended terms program and as additional financial institutions move in or out of the monetization programs. accounts receivable sold of $783 million and $774 million remained outstanding under this arrangement as of january 2, 2021 and december 28, 2019, respectively.
the monetization programs are designed to directly offset the impact the extended terms program would have on the days-sales-outstanding (dso) metric that is critical to the effective management of the company's accounts receivable balance and overall working capital. current dso levels within north america are consistent with dso levels prior to the execution of the extended term program and monetization programs.
refer to note 2 within notes to consolidated financial statements for further information related to the sale of accounts receivable.
we have agreements with third parties (accounts payable program) to provide accounts payable tracking systems which facilitate participating suppliers' ability to monitor and, if elected, sell our payment obligations to designated third-party financial institutions. participating suppliers may, at their sole discretion, make offers to sell one or more of our payment obligations prior to their scheduled due dates at a discounted price to participating financial institutions. our goal is to capture overall supplier savings, in the form of payment terms or vendor funding, and the agreements facilitate the suppliers' ability to sell payment obligations, while providing them with greater working capital flexibility. we have no economic interest in the sale of these suppliers' receivables and no direct financial relationship with the financial institutions concerning these services. our obligations to our suppliers, including amounts due and scheduled payment dates, are not impacted by suppliers' decisions to sell amounts under the arrangements. however, our right to offset balances due from suppliers against payment obligations is restricted by the agreements for those payment obligations that have been sold by suppliers.
refer to note 1 within notes to consolidated financial statements for further information related to accounts payable.
if financial institutions were to terminate their participation in the monetization programs and we are not able to modify related customer payment terms, working capital could be negatively impacted. additionally, working capital could be negatively impacted if we shorten our supplier payment terms as a result of supplier negotiations. for suppliers participating in the accounts payable programs, financial institutions may terminate their participation or we could experience a downgrade in our credit rating that could result in higher costs to suppliers. if working capital is negatively impacted as a result of these events and we were unable to secure alternative programs, we may have to utilize our various financing arrangements for short-term liquidity or increase our long-term borrowings.
off-balance sheet arrangements and contractual obligations off-balance sheet arrangements at january 2, 2021, we did not have any material off-balance sheet arrangements.
contractual obligations the following table summarizes our contractual obligations at january 2, 2021:
contractual obligations                                                                                                                                                                  payments due by period
(millions)                                              total                    2021                    2022                    2023                    2024                    2025                  2026 and beyond long-term debt:
principal                                          $7,386                      627                     755                     782                     750                     739                   3,733
interest (a)                                        1,981                      225                     213                     192                     174                     167                   1,010
finance leases (b)                                      -                        -                       -                       -                       -                       -                       -
operating leases (c)                                  713                      134                     107                      94                      81                      78                     219
purchase obligations (d)                            1,560                    1,277                     102                      53                      22                      19                      87
uncertain tax positions (e)                            19                       19                       -                       -                       -                       -                       -
other long-term obligations (f)                       630                      109                      78                      77                      83                      71                     212
total                                             $12,289                   $2,391                  $1,255                  $1,198                  $1,110                  $1,074                  $5,261
(a)includes interest payments on our long-term debt and payments on our interest rate swaps. interest calculated on our variable rate debt was forecasted using the libor forward rate curve as of january 2, 2021.
(b)the total expected cash payments on our finance leases include interest expense totaling less than $1 million over the periods presented above.
(c)operating leases represent the minimum rental commitments under non-cancelable operating leases.
(d)purchase obligations consist primarily of fixed commitments for raw materials to be utilized in the normal course of business and for marketing, advertising and other services. the amounts presented in the table do not include items already recorded in accounts payable or other current liabilities at year-end 2020, nor does the table reflect cash flows we are likely to incur based on our plans, but are not obligated to incur. therefore, it should be noted that the exclusion of these items from the table could be a limitation in assessing our total future cash flows under contracts.
(e)as of january 2, 2021, our total liability for uncertain tax positions was $65 million, of which $19 million scheduled to be paid in the next twelve months. we are not able to reasonably estimate the timing of future cash flows related to the remaining $46 million.
(f)other long-term obligations are those associated with noncurrent liabilities recorded within the consolidated balance sheet at year-end 2020 and consist principally of projected commitments under deferred compensation arrangements, multiemployer plans, and supplemental employee retirement benefits. the table also includes our current estimate of minimum contributions to defined benefit pension and postretirement benefit plans through 2026 as follows: 2021-$43; 2022-$41; 2023-$39; 2024-$41; 2025-$39; 2026-$50.
in addition, $80 million of insurance loss reserves and $24 million of tax repatriation payable are expected to be paid over the next four and seven years, respectively, are included in the total above.
critical accounting estimates promotional expenditures our promotional activities are conducted either through the retail trade or directly with consumers and include activities such as in-store displays and events, feature price discounts, consumer coupons, contests and loyalty programs. the costs of these activities are generally recognized at the time the related revenue is recorded, which normally precedes the actual cash expenditure. the recognition of these costs therefore requires management judgment regarding the volume of promotional offers that will be redeemed by either the retail trade or consumer. these estimates are made using various techniques including historical data on performance of similar promotional programs. differences between estimated expense and actual redemptions are normally immaterial and recognized as a change in management estimate in a subsequent period. on a full-year basis, these subsequent period adjustments represent approximately 0.5% of our company's net sales. however, our company's total promotional expenditures (including amounts classified as a revenue reduction) are significant, so it is likely our results would be materially different if different assumptions or conditions were to prevail.
property long-lived assets such as property, plant and equipment are tested for impairment when conditions indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. management evaluates several conditions, including, but not limited to, the following: a significant decrease in the market price of an asset or an asset group; a significant adverse change in the extent or manner in which a long-lived asset is being used, including an extended period of idleness; and a current expectation that, more likely than not, a long-lived asset or asset group will be sold or otherwise disposed of significantly before the end of its previously estimated useful life. for assets to be held and used, we project the expected future undiscounted cash flows generated by the long-lived asset or asset group over the remaining useful life of the primary asset. if the cash flow analysis yields an amount less than the carrying amount we determine the fair value of the asset or asset group by using comparable market data. there are inherent uncertainties associated with the judgments and estimates we use in these analyses.
at january 2, 2021, we have property, plant and equipment of $3.7 billion, net of accumulated depreciation, on our balance sheet.
goodwill and other intangible assets we perform an impairment evaluation of goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite useful lives at least annually during the fourth quarter of each year in conjunction with our annual budgeting process.
goodwill impairment testing first requires a comparison between the carrying value and fair value of a reporting unit with associated goodwill. carrying value is based on the assets and liabilities associated with the operations of that reporting unit, which often requires allocation of shared or corporate items among reporting units. for the 2020 goodwill impairment test, the fair value of the reporting units was estimated based on market multiples of sales, if applicable, and/or earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (ebitda) and earnings for companies comparable to our reporting units. in the event the fair value determined using the market multiples approach is close to the carrying value, we may also supplement our fair value determination using discounted cash flows. management believes the assumptions used for the impairment test are consistent with those utilized by a market participant performing similar valuations for our reporting units.
similarly, impairment testing of indefinite-lived intangible assets requires a comparison of carrying value to fair value of that particular asset. fair values of non-goodwill intangible assets are based primarily on projections of future cash flows to be generated from that asset. for instance, cash flows related to a particular trademark would be based on a projected royalty stream attributable to branded product sales discounted at rates consistent with rates used by market participants. these estimates are made using various inputs including historical data, current and anticipated market conditions, management plans, and market comparables.
we also evaluate the useful life over which a non-goodwill intangible asset with a finite life is expected to contribute directly or indirectly to our cash flows. reaching a determination on useful life requires significant judgments and assumptions regarding the future effects of obsolescence, demand, competition, other economic factors (such as the stability of the industry, known technological advances, legislative action that results in an uncertain or changing regulatory environment, and expected changes in distribution channels), the level of required maintenance expenditures, and the expected lives of other related groups of assets.
at january 2, 2021, goodwill and other intangible assets amounted to $8.3 billion, consisting primarily of goodwill and brands. within this total, approximately $2.1 billion of non-goodwill intangible assets were classified as indefinite-lived, including $1.7 billion related to trademarks, comprised principally of pringles and cracker-related trademarks. the majority of all goodwill and other intangible assets are recorded in our north america reporting unit. the company currently believes the fair value of goodwill and other intangible assets exceeds their carrying value and that those intangibles so classified will contribute indefinitely to cash flows. through impairment testing performed during the fourth quarter of 2020, no heightened risk of impairment of individual intangible assets or reporting units was identified.
additionally the company has goodwill of $373 million at january 2, 2021 related to the rx reporting unit. in performing the quantitative test of goodwill for rx, fair value was determined based on a calculation which gave consideration to an income approach utilizing the discounted cash flow method and the market approach using the guideline public company and guideline transaction methods. the significant assumptions utilized within the rx discounted cash flow method are forecasted net sales and profitability growth and the discount rate. the company determined the fair value of rx exceeds the carrying value and no heightened risk of impairment exists for the reporting unit.
in the fourth quarter of 2020 management finalized a decision to reorganize part of its north america operating segment, including the rx reporting unit, effective at the beginning of fiscal 2021. the reorganization further integrates the rx business with the rest of the north american business and changes internal reporting provided to the segment manager. as a result of these changes, the company has re-evaluated its north american reporting units and determined that effective at the beginning of fiscal 2021, the rx reporting unit will be combined with the north america reporting unit. the company evaluated the related impacted reporting units for impairment on a before and after basis and concluded that the fair values of each reporting unit exceeded their carrying values.
retirement benefits our company sponsors a number of u.s. and foreign defined benefit employee pension plans and also provides retiree health care and other welfare benefits in the united states and canada. plan funding strategies are influenced by tax regulations and asset return performance. a majority of plan assets are invested in a globally diversified portfolio of debt and equity securities with smaller holdings of other investments. we recognize the cost of benefits provided during retirement over the employees' active working life to determine the obligations and expense related to our retiree benefit plans. inherent in this concept is the requirement to use various actuarial assumptions to predict and measure costs and obligations many years prior to the settlement date. major actuarial assumptions that require significant management judgment and have a material impact on the measurement of our consolidated benefits expense and accumulated obligation include the long-term rates of return on plan assets, the health care cost trend rates, the mortality table and improvement scale, and the interest rates used to discount the obligations for our major plans, which cover employees in the united states, united kingdom and canada.
our expense recognition policy for pension and nonpension postretirement benefits is to immediately recognize actuarial gains and losses in our operating results in the year in which they occur. actuarial gains and losses are recognized annually as of our measurement date, which is our fiscal year-end, or when remeasurement is otherwise required under generally accepted accounting principles.
additionally, for purposes of calculating the expected return on plan assets related to pension and nonpension postretirement benefits we use the fair value of plan assets.
to conduct our annual review of the long-term rate of return on plan assets, we model expected returns over a 20-year investment horizon with respect to the specific investment mix of each of our major plans. the return assumptions used reflect a combination of rigorous historical performance analysis and forward-looking views of the financial markets including consideration of current yields on long-term bonds, price-earnings ratios of the major stock market indices, and long-term inflation. our u.s. plan model, corresponding to approximately 70% of our trust assets globally, currently incorporates a long-term inflation assumption of 2.5% and a 2020 weighted-average active management premium of 0.80% (net of fees) validated by historical analysis and future return expectations. although we review our expected long-term rates of return annually, our benefit trust investment performance for one particular year does not, by itself, significantly influence our evaluation. our expected rates of return have generally not been revised, provided these rates continue to fall within a "more likely than not" corridor of between the 25th and 75th percentile of expected long-term returns, as determined by our modeling process. our assumed rate of return for u.s. plans in 2020 was 7.0%, equated to approximately the 64th percentile expectation of our model, respectively. similar methods are used for various foreign plans with invested assets, reflecting local economic conditions. foreign trust investments represent approximately 30% of our global benefit plan assets.
based on consolidated benefit plan assets at january 2, 2021, a 100 basis point increase or decrease in the assumed rate of return would correspondingly decrease or increase 2021 benefits expense by approximately $63 million. for the years ended january 2, 2021 and december 28, 2019, our actual return on plan assets exceeded (was less than) the recognized assumed return by $400 million and $730 million, respectively.
pension assets include a level 3 investment comprising 5% of total plan assets as of january 2, 2021. the investment, a buy-in annuity contract, is valued based on the calculated pension benefit obligation covered by the contract.
to conduct our annual review of health care cost trend rates, we model our actual claims cost data over a five-year historical period, including an analysis of pre-65 versus post-65 age groups and other important demographic components in our covered retiree population. this data is adjusted to eliminate the impact of plan changes and other factors that would tend to distort the underlying cost inflation trends. this year, 2020 experience has been excluded from the averages since it has been influenced by covid-19 claims and care deferral as a result of restrictions on elective care, therefore we are comparing to a four-year average (2016-2019). our initial health care cost trend rate is reviewed annually and adjusted as necessary to remain consistent with recent historical experience and our expectations regarding short-term future trends. in comparison to our actual four-year compound annual claims cost growth rate of approximately 5.02%, our initial trend rate for 2021 of 5.00% reflects the expected future impact of faster-growing claims experience for certain demographic groups within our total employee population. our initial rate is trended downward by 0.25% per year, until the ultimate trend rate of 4.5% is reached. the ultimate trend rate is adjusted annually, as necessary, to approximate the current economic view on the rate of long-term inflation plus an appropriate health care cost premium. any arising health care claims cost-related experience gain or loss is recognized in the year in which they occur. the experience gain arising from recognition of 2020 claims experience was approximately $37 million.
assumed mortality rates of plan participants are a critical estimate in measuring the expected payments a participant will receive over their lifetime and the amount of expense we recognize. in 2019, the society of actuaries (soa) published updated mortality tables and an updated improvement scale. in 2020, the soa released an updated improvement scale that incorporates an additional year of data. in determining the appropriate mortality assumptions as of 2020 fiscal year-end, we used the 2019 soa tables with collar adjustments based on kellogg's current population, consistent with the prior year.  in addition, based on mortality information available from the social security administration and other sources, we developed assumptions for future mortality improvement in line with our expectations for future experience. the change to the mortality assumption decreased the year-end pension and postretirement benefit obligations by $1.4 million and $0.4 million, respectively.
to conduct our annual review of discount rates, we selected the discount rate based on a cash-flow matching analysis using willis towers watson's proprietary rate:link tool and projections of the future benefit payments constituting the projected benefit obligation for the plans. rate:link establishes the uniform discount rate that produces the same present value of the estimated future benefit payments, as is generated by discounting each year's benefit payments by a spot rate applicable to that year. the spot rates used in this process are derived from a yield curve created from yields on the 40th to 90th percentile of u.s. high quality bonds. a similar methodology is applied in canada and europe, and in the united kingdom the underlying yield curve was derived after further adjustments to the universe of bonds to remove government backed bonds. we use a december 31 measurement date for our defined benefit plans. accordingly, we select yield curves to measure our benefit obligations that are consistent with market indices during december of each year.
based on consolidated obligations at january 2, 2021, a 25 basis point decline in the yield curve used for benefit plan measurement purposes would decrease 2021 benefits expense by approximately $9 million and would result in an immediate loss recognition of $181 million. all obligation-related actuarial gains and losses are recognized immediately in the year in which they occur.
despite the previously-described policies for selecting major actuarial assumptions, we periodically experience material actuarial gains or losses due to differences between assumed and actual experience and due to changing economic conditions. during 2020, we recognized a net actuarial loss of approximately $151 million compared to a net actuarial loss of approximately $94 million in 2019. the total net loss recognized in 2020 was driven by a loss of approximately $551 million of plan experience and assumption changes, including decreases in the discount rate, partially offset by a $400 million gain from better than expected asset returns.
during 2020, we made contributions in the amount of $8 million to kellogg's global tax-qualified pension programs. this amount was mostly non-discretionary. additionally, we contributed $24 million to our retiree medical programs.
income taxes our consolidated effective income tax rate is influenced by tax planning opportunities available to us in the various jurisdictions in which we operate. the calculation of our income tax provision and deferred income tax assets and liabilities is complex and requires the use of estimates and judgment.
we recognize tax benefits associated with uncertain tax positions when, in our judgment, it is more likely than not that the positions will be sustained upon examination by a taxing authority. for tax positions that meet the more likely than not recognition threshold, we initially and subsequently measure the tax benefits as the largest amount that we judge to have a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. our liability associated with unrecognized tax benefits is adjusted periodically due to changing circumstances, such as the progress of tax audits, new or emerging legislation and tax planning. the tax position will be derecognized when it is no longer more likely than not of being sustained. significant adjustments to our liability for unrecognized tax benefits impacting our effective tax rate are separately presented in the rate reconciliation table of note 13 within notes to consolidated financial statements.
management monitors the company's ability to utilize certain future tax deductions, operating losses and tax credit carryforwards, prior to expiration as well as the reinvestment assertion regarding our undistributed foreign earnings. changes resulting from management's assessment will result in impacts to deferred tax assets and the corresponding impacts on the effective income tax rate. valuation allowances were recorded to reduce deferred tax assets to an amount that will, more likely than not, be realized in the future.
future outlook the company issued its initial financial guidance for 2021. specifically, the company is projecting:
organic net sales to decrease by approximately (1)%, as it compares against unusually strong, covid-related growth in the prior year.
currency-neutral adjusted operating profit to decline approximately (2)%, as it compares against unusually strong, covid-related growth and a 53rd week of business in the prior year.
currency-neutral adjusted earnings per share to increase by approximately 1%.
net cash provided by operating activities is expected to be approximately $1.6 billion, with capital expenditures of approximately $0.5 billion. as a result, non-gaap cash flow is expected to be approximately $1.1 billion.
excluded from this guidance, are any significant supply chain or other prolonged market disruptions related to the pandemic or global economy.
reconciliation of non-gaap guidance measures we are unable to reasonably estimate the potential full-year financial impact of mark-to-market adjustments because these impacts are dependent on future changes in market conditions (interest rates, return on assets, and commodity prices). similarly, because of volatility in foreign exchange rates and shifts in country mix of our international earnings, we are unable to reasonably estimate the potential full-year financial impact of foreign currency translation.
as a result, these impacts are not included in the guidance provided. therefore, we are unable to provide a full reconciliation of these non-gaap measures used in our guidance without unreasonable effort as certain information necessary to calculate such measure on a gaap basis is unavailable, dependent on future events outside of our control and cannot be predicted without unreasonable efforts by the company.
see the table below that outlines the projected impact of certain other items that are excluded from non-gaap guidance for 2021:
impact of certain items excluded from non-gaap guidance:       net sales         operating profit        earnings per share business and portfolio realignment (pre-tax)                                     $30-$40m                $0.09-$0.12
income tax impact applicable to adjustments, net**                                                       ~$0.03
currency-neutral adjusted guidance*                                              ~(2)%                   ~1%
organic guidance*                                              ~(1)%
* 2021 full year guidance for net sales, operating profit, and earnings per share are provided on a non-gaap basis only because certain information necessary to calculate such measures on a gaap basis is unavailable, dependent on future events outside of our control and cannot be predicted without unreasonable efforts by the company. these items for 2021 include impacts of mark-to-market adjustments for pension plans (service cost, interest cost, expected return on plan assets, and other net periodic pension costs are not excluded), commodities and certain foreign currency contracts. the company is providing quantification of known adjustment items where available.
** represents the estimated income tax effect on the reconciling items, using weighted-average statutory tax rates, depending upon the applicable jurisdiction.
reconciliation of non-gaap amounts - cash flow guidance
(billions)
full year 2021
net cash provided by (used in) operating activities            ~$1.6
additions to properties                                        ~($0.5)
cash flow                                                      ~$1.1
