item 1a. risk factors risks related to our operations widespread health developments and economic uncertainty resulting from the ongoing covid-19 pandemic, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our business has been, and may continue to be, adversely impacted by the response to the ongoing covid-19 pandemic in countries where we operate or our customers and suppliers are located, due to recommendations or mandates from governmental authorities to close businesses, limit travel, avoid large gatherings or self-quarantine, as well as temporary closures or decreased operations of the facilities of our customers, distributors or suppliers. these impacts include, but are not limited to:
•significant reductions in demand or significant volatility in demand for one or more of our products, as a result of, among other things: the temporary inability of consumers to purchase our products due to illness, quarantine or other restrictions, store closures, or financial hardship, shifts in demand away from one or more of our higher priced products to lower priced products, or stockpiling or similar activity, reduced options for marketing and promotion of products or other restrictions in connection with the covid-19 pandemic; if prolonged, such impacts could further increase the difficulty of operating our business during the pandemic, including accurately planning and forecasting customer demand;
•inability to meet our consumers' and customers' needs and achieve cost targets due to disruptions in our manufacturing and supply arrangements caused by the loss or disruption of essential manufacturing and supply elements, such as raw materials or purchased finished goods, logistics, reduction or loss of workforce due to the insufficiency or failure of our safety protocols, or other manufacturing and distribution capability;
•failure of third parties, including those located in international locations, on which we rely, including our suppliers, bottlers, distributors, contract manufacturers, third-party service providers, contractors, commercial banks and external business partners, to meet their obligations to us or to timely meet those obligations, or significant disruptions in their ability to do so, which may be caused by their own financial or operational difficulties; or
•significant changes in the conditions in markets in which we manufacture, sell or distribute our products, including quarantines, governmental or regulatory actions, closures or other restrictions that limit or close our operating and manufacturing facilities, restrict our employees' ability to perform necessary business functions, restrict or prevent consumers from having access to our products, or otherwise prevent our third-party bottlers, distributors, partners, suppliers, or customers from sufficiently staffing operations, including operations necessary for the production, distribution, sale, and support of our products.
table of contents all of these impacts could place limitations on our ability to execute on our business plan and materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. we continue to monitor the situation, have actively implemented policies and procedures to address the situation, and as the pandemic continues to further unfold, we may adjust our current policies and procedures as regulations or governmental orders are implemented or more information and guidance become available. the impact of covid-19 may also exacerbate other risks discussed in item 1a of our annual report, any of which could have a material effect on us. this situation is changing rapidly and additional impacts may arise that we are not aware of currently.
we operate in intensely competitive categories.
the industry in which we operate is highly competitive and continues to evolve in response to changing consumer preferences. some of our competitors, such as coca-cola, pepsico, the kraft heinz company and nestlé s.a., are multinational corporations with significant financial resources. these competitors can use their resources and scale to rapidly respond to competitive pressures and changes in consumer preferences by introducing new products, changing their route to market, reducing prices or increasing promotional activities. we also compete with a number of smaller brands and a variety of smaller, regional and private label manufacturers. smaller companies may be more innovative, better able to bring new products to market and better able to quickly exploit and serve niche markets. we also compete for contract manufacturing with other bottlers and manufacturers. in canada, mexico and the caribbean, we compete with many of these same international companies as well as a number of regional competitors.
our sales may be negatively affected by numerous factors including our inability to maintain or increase prices, our inability to effectively promote our products, ineffective advertising and marketing campaigns, new entrants into the market, the decision of wholesalers, retailers or consumers to purchase competitors' products instead of ours, and increased marketing costs and in-store placement and slotting fees due to our competitors' willingness to spend aggressively. competitive pressures may also cause us to reduce prices we charge customers or may restrict our ability to increase such prices. in addition, the rapid growth of e-commerce may create additional consumer price deflation by, among other things, facilitating comparison shopping, and could potentially threaten the value of some of our legacy route-to-market strategies and thus negatively affect revenues.
a significant percentage of the coffee systems segment's financial performance is attributable to sales of k-cup pods for use with keurig brewing systems. we compete for sales of k-cup pods against local and regional brands, as well as against private label brands developed by retailers. our ability to gain or maintain share of sales in the countries in which we operate or in various local marketplaces or maintain or enhance our relationships with our partners and customers may be limited as a result of actions by competitors, including as a result of increased consolidation in the food and beverage industry and a significant increase in the number of competitive pod contract manufacturers.
continued acceptance of keurig brewers and sales of k-cup pods to an increasing installed customer base are significant factors in our coffee systems' growth plans. any substantial or sustained decline in the sale of keurig brewers, failure to continue to reduce the cost of keurig brewers, or substantial or sustained decline in the sales of k-cup pods could materially and adversely affect our business. keurig brewers compete against all sellers and types of coffeemakers. if we do not succeed in continuing to reduce the costs of manufacturing keurig brewers or differentiating keurig brewers from our competitors in the coffeemaker category, based on technology, quality of products, desired brands or otherwise, or our competitors adopt their respective strategies, our competitive position may be weakened.
costs and supply for commodities, such as raw materials and energy, may change substantially and shortages may occur.
our raw materials are sourced from industries characterized by a limited supply base, and their cost can fluctuate substantially. under many of our supply arrangements, the price we pay for raw materials fluctuates along with certain changes in underlying commodities costs. price increases for our raw materials could exert pressure on our costs and we may not be able to effectively hedge or pass along any such increases to our customers or consumers. furthermore, any price increases passed along to our customers or consumers could reduce demand for our products. such increases could negatively affect our business and financial performance. furthermore, price decreases in commodities that we have effectively hedged could also increase our cost of goods sold for mark-to-market changes in the derivative instruments.
our principal raw materials in our hot business include coffee beans and k-cup pod raw materials (including cups, filter paper and other ingredients) used in the manufacturing of our k-cup pods. we purchase, roast and sell high-quality whole bean coffee and related coffee products. the quality of the coffee we seek tends to trade on a negotiated basis at a premium above the "c" price of coffee. this premium depends upon the supply and demand at the time of purchase, and the amount of the premium can vary significantly. increases in the "c" coffee commodity price increase the price of high-quality coffee and also impact our ability to enter into fixed-price purchase commitments. we frequently enter into supply contracts whereby the quality, quantity, delivery period and other negotiated terms are agreed upon, but the date, and therefore price, at which the base "c" coffee commodity price component will be fixed has not yet been established. these are known as price-to-be-fixed contracts.
table of contents the supply and price of crop commodities we purchase, such as coffee, apples, and corn, can also be affected by multiple factors in the producing countries, including weather, natural disasters, crop disease (such as coffee rust), general cost increases in farm inputs and costs of production, inventory levels and political and economic conditions, as well as the actions of certain organizations and associations that have historically attempted to influence prices of various commodities through agreements establishing export quotas or by restricting supplies.
speculative trading in commodities can also influence prices. if we are unable to purchase sufficient quantities of our commodities due to any of the factors described herein or a worldwide or regional shortage, we may not be able to fulfill the demand for our products, which could have an adverse impact on our business and financial results.
we also have a limited number of suppliers for certain strategic raw materials critical to our operations. we may have limited negotiation leverage with regards to these suppliers, which could negatively affect our operations and the financial performance of our business. in addition, in order to ensure a continuous supply of high-quality raw materials, some of our inventory purchase obligations include long-term purchase commitments for certain strategic raw materials. the timing of these may not always coincide with the period in which we need the supplies to fulfill customer demand. this could lead to higher and more variable inventory levels and/or higher raw material costs for us.
if our suppliers are unable or unwilling to meet our requirements, we could suffer shortages or substantial cost increases. changing suppliers can require long lead times. the failure of our suppliers to meet our needs could occur for many reasons, including fires, natural disasters, weather, manufacturing problems, disease, crop failure, strikes, transportation interruption, government regulation, political instability, cybersecurity attacks and terrorism. a failure of supply could also occur due to suppliers' financial difficulties, including bankruptcy. some of these risks may be more acute where the supplier or its plant is located in riskier or less-developed countries or regions. any significant interruption to supply or cost increase could substantially harm our business and financial performance.
in addition, we use a significant amount of energy in our business, and therefore may be significantly impacted by changes in fuel costs due to the large truck fleet we operate in our distribution business and our use of third-party carriers. additionally, conversion of raw materials into our products for sale uses electricity and natural gas.
product safety and quality concerns could negatively affect our business.
the success of our business depends in part on our ability to maintain consumer confidence in the safety and quality of all of our products, including beverage products and our brewers. we have various quality, environmental, health and safety supply chain standards. a failure or perceived failure to meet our quality or safety standards, including product contamination or tampering, or allegations of mislabeling, whether actual or perceived, could occur in our operations or those of our bottlers, manufacturers, distributors or suppliers. this could result in time consuming and expensive production interruptions, recalls, market withdrawals, product liability claims, and negative publicity. it could also result in the destruction of product inventory, lost sales due to the unavailability of product for a period of time, fines from applicable regulatory agencies, and higher-than-anticipated rates of warranty returns and other returns of goods. moreover, negative publicity also could be generated from false, unfounded or nominal liability claims or limited recalls.
any or all of these events may lead to a loss of consumer confidence and trust, could damage the goodwill associated with our brands and may cause consumers to choose other products and could negatively affect our business and financial performance.
we may not effectively respond to changing consumer preferences and shopping behavior, which could impact our financial results.
consumers' preferences continually evolve due to a variety of factors, including changing demographics of the population, social trends, changes in consumer lifestyles and consumption patterns, concerns or perceptions regarding the health effects of products, concerns regarding the location of origin or source of ingredients and products, changes in consumers' spending habits, negative publicity, economic downturn or other factors. for example, consumers are increasingly concerned about health and wellness, focusing on the caloric intake associated with regular csds, the use of artificial sweeteners in diet csds, and the use of natural, organic or simple ingredients in beverages. the demand for csds has therefore decreased as consumers have shifted towards ncbs, such as water, ready-to-drink coffee and teas, and sports drinks. if we do not effectively anticipate and respond to these trends and changing consumer beverage preferences, our sales and growth could suffer.
consumers are also increasingly focused on sustainability, with particular attention to the recyclability of product packaging, reducing consumption of single-use plastics and non-recyclable materials, and the environmental impact of manufacturing operations. if we do not meet consumer demands by providing recyclable packaging options and focusing on sustainability throughout our manufacturing operations, our sales could suffer.
in addition, consumer shopping behavior is rapidly evolving due to both changes in travel, vacation and leisure activity patterns and the acceleration of e-commerce and other methods of purchasing products. if we are unable to meet the consumer where and when they desire their products or if we are unable to respond to changes in distribution channels (including e-commerce), our financial results could be adversely impacted.
table of contents if we do not innovate rapidly and successfully to respond to shifting consumer demands, our business may suffer. achieving growth depends on our successful development, introduction and marketing of innovative new products and line extensions. there are inherent risks associated with new product or packaging introductions, including uncertainties about trade and consumer acceptance or potential impacts on our existing product offerings. we may be required to increase expenditures for new product development. successful innovation depends on our ability to correctly anticipate customer and consumer acceptance, to obtain, protect, and maintain necessary intellectual property rights, and to avoid infringing upon the intellectual property rights of others. we must also be able to respond successfully to technological advances by and intellectual property rights of our competitors, and failure to do so could compromise our competitive position and impact our product sales, financial condition, and operating results.
if we do not successfully manage our investments in new business strategies or integrate and manage our acquired businesses or brands, our operating results may adversely be affected.
from time to time, we expect to acquire businesses or brands, invest in emerging companies and/or form joint ventures, and enter into various licensing and distribution agreements to expand our product portfolio. in evaluating such endeavors, we will be required to make difficult judgments regarding the value of business strategies, opportunities, technologies and other assets, and the risks and cost of potential liabilities. furthermore, we may incur unforeseen liabilities and obligations in connection with any such transaction, including in connection with the integration or management of the acquired businesses or brands and may encounter unexpected difficulties and costs in integrating them into our operating and internal control structures. we may also experience delays in extending our respective internal control over financial reporting to newly acquired businesses, which may increase the risk of failure to prevent misstatements in our financial records and in our consolidated financial statements. additionally, new ventures and investments are inherently risky and may not be successful, and we may face challenges in achieving strategic objectives and other benefits expected from such investments or ventures. any acquisitions, investments or ventures may also result in the diversion of management attention and resources from other initiatives and operations.
our financial performance will depend in large part on how well we can manage and improve the performance of acquired businesses or brands and the success of our other investments and ventures. we may not achieve the strategic and financial objectives for such transactions. if we are unable to achieve such objectives, our consolidated results could be negatively affected.
substantial disruption at our manufacturing and distribution facilities could occur.
a disruption at our manufacturing and distribution facilities could have a material adverse effect on our business. in addition, a disruption could occur at the facilities of our suppliers, bottlers, contract manufacturers or distributors. the disruption could occur for many reasons, including fire, natural disasters, weather, water scarcity, manufacturing problems, disease, epidemics, strikes, transportation or supply interruption, contractual dispute, government regulation, cybersecurity attacks or terrorism. moreover, if demand increases more than we forecast, we will need to either expand our capabilities internally or acquire additional capacity. alternative facilities with sufficient capacity or capabilities may not be available, may cost substantially more than existing facilities or may take a significant time to start production, each of which could negatively affect our business and financial performance.
our facilities and operations may require substantial investment and upgrading.
we have programs to invest and upgrade our manufacturing, distribution and other facilities, including expansive investments in new manufacturing facilities in spartanburg, south carolina; newbridge, ireland; and allentown, pennsylvania. we may continue to incur significant costs to upgrade or keep up-to-date various facilities and equipment or restructure our operations, including closing existing facilities or opening new ones. additionally, we rely on third parties for the construction and renovation of our facilities and manufacturing of our production equipment. if our investment and restructuring costs are higher than anticipated, our business does not develop as anticipated to appropriately utilize new or upgraded facilities, or third parties fail to complete the construction or renovation of facilities or production equipment in a timely manner or in accordance with our specifications, our costs and financial performance could be negatively affected.
our intellectual property rights could be infringed or we could infringe the intellectual property rights of others, and adverse events regarding licensed intellectual property, including termination of distribution rights, could harm our business.
we possess intellectual property that is important to our business. this intellectual property includes ingredient formulas, trademarks, copyrights, patents, business processes and other trade secrets. we and third parties, including competitors, could come into conflict over intellectual property rights. litigation could disrupt our business, divert management attention and cost a substantial amount to protect our rights or defend against claims. we cannot be certain that the steps taken to protect our rights will be sufficient or that others will not infringe or misappropriate our rights. if we are unable to protect our intellectual property rights, our brands, products and business could be harmed.
we also license various trademarks from third parties and license our trademarks to third parties. in some countries, third parties own certain trademarks or other intellectual property that we own in the u.s., canada or mexico. for example, the dr pepper trademark and formula is owned by coca-cola outside north america. adverse events affecting those third parties or their products could also negatively impact our brands.
table of contents in some cases, we license rights to distribute third-party products. the licensor may be able to terminate the license arrangement upon an agreed period of notice, in some cases without payment to us of any termination fee. the termination of any material license arrangement could adversely affect our business and financial performance.
we may not be able to renew collective bargaining agreements on satisfactory terms, or we could experience union activity, including labor disputes or work stoppages.
approximately 8,000 of our employees worldwide are covered by collective bargaining agreements. these agreements typically expire every three to four years at various dates. we may not be able to renew our collective bargaining agreements on satisfactory terms or at all. this could result in labor disputes, strikes or work stoppages, which could impair our ability to manufacture and distribute our products and result in a substantial loss of sales. the terms of existing, renewed or expanded agreements could also significantly increase our costs or negatively affect our ability to increase operational efficiency.
risks related to our financial performance determinations in the future that a significant impairment of the value of our goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets has occurred could have a material adverse effect on our operating results.
as of december 31, 2020, we had $49,779 million of total assets, of which $20,184 million were goodwill and $23,968 million were other intangible assets. intangible assets include both definite and indefinite-lived intangible assets in connection with brands, trade names, acquired technology, customer relationships and contractual arrangements. we conduct impairment tests on goodwill and all indefinite-lived intangible assets annually, as of october 1, or more frequently if circumstances indicate that all or a portion of the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable.
the impairment tests require us to make an estimate of the fair value of our reporting units and other intangible assets. an impairment could be recorded as a result of changes in assumptions, estimates or circumstances, some of which are beyond our control. factors which could result in an impairment include, but are not limited to: (i) reduced demand for our products and/or the product category resulting in diminished long-term revenue growth; (ii) higher commodity or transportation prices; (iii) lower prices for our products or increased marketing as a result of increased competition; (iv) not achieving forecasted synergies from the dps merger; (v) significant disruptions to our operations as a result of both internal and external events, such as the ongoing covid-19 pandemic; and (vi) changes in our discount rates, which could change due to factors such as movement in risk free interest rates, changes in general market interest rate and market beta volatility and changes to management's view of forecast risk, among others. since a number of factors may influence determinations of fair value of intangible assets, we are unable to predict whether impairments of goodwill or other indefinite-lived intangibles will occur in the future. any such impairment would result in us recognizing a non-cash charge in our consolidated statements of income, which could adversely affect our results of operations and increase our effective tax rate.
we have incurred significant indebtedness, which could adversely affect us, including decreasing our business flexibility and increasing our interest expense.
we have significant indebtedness, which could adversely affect us, including decreasing our business flexibility and increasing our interest expense. the increased levels of indebtedness could also reduce funds available for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, the repayment or refinancing of our indebtedness as it becomes due and other general corporate purposes and may create competitive disadvantages for us relative to other companies with lower debt levels. if our financial performance does not meet current expectations, our ability to service our indebtedness may be adversely impacted.
additionally, in assessing our credit strength, credit rating agencies consider our capital structure and financial policies as well as our results of operations and financial position at the time. if our credit ratings were to be downgraded as a result of changes in our capital structure, changes in the credit rating agencies' methodology in assessing our credit strength, the credit agencies' perception of the impact of credit market conditions on our current or future results of operations and financial position or for any other reason, our cost of borrowing could increase. furthermore, a significant downgrade in our credit ratings could limit a financial institution's willingness to participate in our accounts payable program and reduce the attractiveness of the accounts payable program to participating suppliers who may sell payment obligations from us to financial institutions. in addition, a significant downgrade in our credit ratings may reduce flexibility of our business to engage in certain transactions, such as the execution and renewal of certain leases.
moreover, in the future we may be required to raise substantial additional financing to fund working capital, capital expenditures, the repayment or refinancing of its indebtedness, acquisitions or other general corporate requirements. our ability to arrange additional financing or refinancing will depend on, among other factors, our financial position and performance, as well as prevailing market conditions and other factors beyond our control. there can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain additional financing or refinancing on terms acceptable to us or at all.
table of contents the agreements that govern the indebtedness contain various covenants that impose restrictions on us and may affect our ability to operate our business.
the agreements that govern our indebtedness contain various affirmative and negative covenants that may, subject to certain significant exceptions, restrict our ability, including certain subsidiaries, to incur debt and our ability, including certain subsidiaries, to, among other things, have liens on our property, and/or merge or consolidate with any other person or sell or convey certain of our assets to any one person, and engage in certain sale and leaseback transactions. our ability, including certain subsidiaries, to comply with these provisions may be affected by events beyond our control. failure to comply with these covenants could result in an event of default, which, if not cured or waived, could accelerate our repayment obligations and could result in a default and acceleration under other agreements containing cross-default provisions. under these circumstances, we might not have sufficient funds or other resources to satisfy all of our obligations.
optimizing our operations following the dps merger may be more difficult, costly or time-consuming than expected, and the anticipated benefits and cost savings of the dps merger may not be realized.
we continue to optimize our operations as one kdp, which is a complex, costly and time-consuming process. the anticipated benefits of the dps merger may not be realized fully or at all, or may take longer to realize than expected. there can be no assurances that we will be successful or that we will realize the expected operating efficiencies, cost savings and other benefits currently anticipated from the dps merger.
we are also incurring costs related to the optimization of our operations, including facilities and systems consolidation costs and employment-related costs. we continue to assess the magnitude of these costs, and additional unanticipated costs may be incurred in the optimization of our operations.
increases in our cost of employee benefits in the future could reduce our profitability.
our profitability is substantially affected by costs for employee health care, pension and other retirement programs and other benefits. in recent years, these costs have increased significantly due to factors such as increases in health care costs, declines in investment returns on pension assets and changes in discount rates used to calculate pension and related liabilities. these factors will continue to put pressure on our business and financial performance. although we will actively seek to control increases in costs, there can be no assurance that it will succeed in limiting future cost increases, and continued upward cost pressure could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial performance.
risks relating to our relationships with third parties we depend on a small number of large retailers for a significant portion of our sales.
food and beverage retailers in the u.s. have been consolidating, resulting in large, sophisticated retailers with increased buying power. they are in a better position to resist our price increases and demand lower prices and more favorable trade terms. to the extent we provide concessions or trade terms that are favorable to retailers, our respective margins would be reduced. retailers also have leverage to require us to provide increased marketing and promotional expenditures, including larger, more tailored promotional and product delivery programs. if we and our partners, including bottlers, distributors and licensees, do not successfully provide appropriate marketing, product, packaging, pricing and service to these retailers, our product availability, sales and margins could suffer. in addition, certain retailers make up a significant percentage of our products' retail volume, including volume sold by our bottlers and distributors. some retailers also offer their own private label products that compete with some of our brands. accordingly, the success of our business depends in part on our ability to maintain good relationships with key retail customers.
if we are unable to offer terms that are acceptable to our significant customers, or such customers determine that they need fewer inventories to service consumers, these customers could reduce purchases of our products or may increase purchases of products from competitors, which would harm our sales and profitability. furthermore, the loss of sales from a major retailer could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial performance.
we depend on third-party bottling and distribution companies for a significant portion of our business.
net sales from our beverage concentrates segment represent sales of beverage concentrates to third-party bottling companies that we do not own. the beverage concentrates segment's operations generate a significant portion of our overall income from operations. some of these bottlers are also our direct competitors, or also bottle and distribute products for our competitors. the majority of these bottlers' business comes from selling either their own products or our competitors' products. in addition, some of the products we manufacture are distributed by third parties. as independent companies, these bottlers and distributors make their own business decisions. they may have the right to determine whether, and to what extent, they produce and distribute our products, our competitors' products and their own products. they may devote more resources to other products, prioritize their own products, or take other actions detrimental to our brands. in most cases, they are able to terminate their bottling and distribution arrangements with us without cause. we may need to increase support for our brands in their territories to protect our route to market and may not be able to pass price increases through to them. their financial condition could also be adversely affected by conditions beyond their control, and their business could suffer as a result. deteriorating economic conditions could negatively impact the financial viability of third-party bottlers.
table of contents failure to maintain strategic relationships with brand owners and private label brands could adversely impact our future growth and business, potentially resulting in the termination of those agreements.
in our coffee systems segment, we have entered into strategic relationships for the manufacturing, distribution, and sale of k-cup pods with partner customers, as well as with retailers for their private label brands. as independent companies, our strategic partners make their own business decisions which may not align with our interests. if we are unable to provide an appropriate mix of incentives to our strategic partners through a combination of premium performance and service, pricing, and marketing and advertising support, or if these strategic partners are not satisfied with our brand innovation and technological or other development efforts, they may take actions that adversely impact us, including entering into agreements with competing pod contract manufacturers or vertically integrating to manufacture their own k-cup pods. increasing competition among k-cup pod manufacturers and moving to vertical integration may result in price compression, which could have an adverse effect on our gross margins. the loss of strategic partners could also adversely impact our future profitability and growth, awareness of keurig brewers, our ability to attract additional branded or private label parties to do business with us or our ability to attract new consumers to buy keurig brewers.
in our packaged beverages segment, we have entered into strategic relationships for the manufacture and/or distribution of products from partner brand owners in emerging or fast-growing segments in which we may not currently have a brand presence. we are subject to a risk of our partner brands terminating their agreements with us, which could negatively affect our business and financial performance. within each distribution agreement, we have certain protections in case the partner brands terminate their agreements, such as a one-time termination payment.
we rely on the performance of a limited number of suppliers, manufacturers and order fulfillment companies for our brewers.
a small number of companies manufacture the vast majority of our brewers, with a majority of the brewers we sell procured from one third-party brewer manufacturer. if these manufacturers are not able to scale their manufacturing operations to match increasing consumer demand for our brewers at competitive costs, our overall results will be negatively affected. our reliance on third-party manufacturers also exposes us to increased risk that certain minerals and metals, known as "conflict minerals", that are contained in our brewers have originated from "covered countries" (as defined in section 1502 of the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act of 2010) but cannot be determined to be "conflict free". as a result of the passage of the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act of 2010, the sec adopted disclosure requirements for public companies whose products contain conflict minerals that are necessary to the functionality or production of such products. under these rules, we are required to obtain sourcing data from suppliers, perform supply chain due diligence, and file annually with the sec a specialized disclosure report on form sd covering the prior calendar year. we have incurred and expect to incur additional costs to comply with the rules, including costs related to the determination of the origin, source and chain of custody of the conflict minerals used in our products and the adoption of conflict minerals-related governance policies, processes and controls. moreover, the implementation of these compliance measures could adversely affect the sourcing, availability and pricing of materials used in the manufacture of our products to the extent that there may be only a limited number of suppliers that are able to meet our sourcing requirements. there can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain such materials in sufficient quantities or at competitive prices. we may also encounter customers who require that all of the components of our products be certified as conflict-free. if we are not able to meet customer requirements, such customers may choose to not purchase our products, which could impact our sales and the value of portions of our inventory.
risk relating to our capital structure we no longer meet the requirements to be a "controlled company" within the meaning of the rules of nasdaq and the rules of the sec. however, even though we are no longer a "controlled company," we will continue to qualify for, and may rely upon, exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements that would otherwise provide protection to stockholders of other companies during a one-year transition period.
on august 19, 2020, maple holdings b.v., an affiliate of jab, completed the sale of 45 million shares of kdp stock in a public secondary offering. on september 8, 2020, jab distributed an additional 76 million shares of kdp stock to its minority partners. on november 19, 2020, maple holdings b.v. completed the sale of an additional 20 million shares of kdp stock in a public secondary offering. as a result of these transactions, jab and its affiliates now own approximately 34% of kdp's common stock, and we are no longer a "controlled company" as defined in the nasdaq rules. however, even though we are not a "controlled company," we will continue to qualify for, and may rely on, exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements that would otherwise provide protection to stockholders of other companies during a one-year transition period. the nasdaq rules require that our board be composed of a majority of "independent directors," as defined under the rules of such exchange, by august 19, 2021 and that our remuneration and nomination committee consist entirely of independent directors by august 19, 2021.
during these transition periods, we may continue to utilize the available exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements that would otherwise provide protection to stockholders of other companies, as permitted by the nasdaq rules. if we fail to meet the above deadlines for these requirements, our common stock could be delisted from nasdaq, which would negatively impact the trading of our common shares and our business and financial condition.
table of contents general risk factors our financial results may be negatively impacted by recession, financial and credit market disruptions and other economic conditions.
changes in economic and financial conditions in the u.s., canada, mexico, the caribbean or other geographies where we do business may negatively impact consumer confidence and consumer spending, which could result in a reduction in our sales volume and/or switching to lower price offerings. we may be impacted by consumer price sensitivity associated with many of our products. similarly, disruptions in financial and credit markets worldwide may impact our ability to manage normal commercial relationships with customers, suppliers and creditors. these disruptions could have a negative impact on the ability of our customers to timely pay their obligations, thus reducing our cash flow, or the ability of our vendors to supply materials timely. additionally, these disruptions could have a negative effect on our ability to raise capital through the issuance of unsecured commercial paper or senior notes.
we also face counterparty risk for our cash investments and derivative instruments. declines in the securities and credit markets could also affect our marketable securities and pension fund, which in turn could increase funding requirements.
deterioration of general macro-economic conditions could have a negative impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity due to impacts on our suppliers, customers and operating costs.
our business depends on developing and maintaining close relationships with our suppliers and on our suppliers' ability and willingness to sell quality products to us at favorable prices and terms. many factors outside our control may harm these relationships and the ability or willingness of these suppliers to sell us products on favorable terms. such factors include a general decline in the economy and economic conditions and prolonged recessionary conditions. these events could negatively affect our suppliers' operations and make it difficult for them to obtain the credit lines or loans necessary to finance their operations in the short-term or long-term and meet our product requirements.
financial or operational difficulties that some of our suppliers may face, including their ability to access working capital, could also increase the cost of the products we purchase from them, the timing of settlement for our obligation to the supplier or our ability to source product from them. we might not be able to pass our increased costs onto our customers and, to the extent these difficulties impact the timing of settlement for our obligation to the supplier, we may have a decrease in our cash flow from operations and may have to use our various financing arrangements for short-term liquidity needs.
fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates may adversely affect our operating results.
while our operations are predominately in the u.s., we are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk with respect to our sales, expenses, profits, assets and liabilities denominated in the mexican peso, the canadian dollar and the euro, as well as other foreign currencies in which we transact business. we may continue to hedge a small portion of our exposure to foreign currency fluctuations by utilizing derivative instruments for certain transactions. however, we are not protected against most foreign currency fluctuations.
as a result, our financial performance may be affected by changes in foreign currency exchange rates. moreover, any favorable or unfavorable impacts to gross profit, gross margin and income from operations from fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates are likely to be inconsistent year over year.
we continue to be exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk that we may not be able to manage through derivative instruments and may incur material losses from such transactions utilizing derivative instruments.
weather, natural disasters, water availability, and climate change or related legislation could adversely affect our business.
unseasonable or unusual weather, natural disasters or long-term climate changes may negatively impact the price or availability of raw materials, energy and fuel, our ability to produce and demand for our products. unusually cool weather during the summer months or unusually warm weather during the winter months may result in reduced demand for our products and have a negative effect on our business and financial performance.
global climate change poses a serious threat to communities, businesses, farmers and ecosystems across the world. climate change is already affecting the agricultural sector, and disruptions to crop growing conditions are expected to increase with extreme weather events, increasing temperatures, and changing water availability. water is the main ingredient in substantially all of our products. climate change may cause water scarcity and a deterioration of water quality in areas where we maintain operations. the competition for water among domestic, agricultural and manufacturing users is increasing in the countries where we operate, and as water becomes scarcer or the quality of the water deteriorates, we may incur increased production costs or face manufacturing constraints which could negatively affect our business and financial performance. even where water is widely available, water purification and waste treatment infrastructure limitations could increase costs or constrain our operations.
table of contents we are also faced with the impact of disruptions to crop growing conditions as a result of changing weather patterns, which can cause changes in geographical ranges of crops, as well as weeds, diseases and pests that affect those crops. these impacts may limit availability or increase the cost of key agricultural commodities, such as coffee, corn and tea, which are important sources of ingredients for our products.
concern over climate change, including global warming, has led to legislative and regulatory initiatives directed at limiting greenhouse gas emissions. for example, proposals that would impose mandatory requirements on greenhouse gas emissions continue to be considered by policy makers in the countries in which we will operate. laws enacted that directly or indirectly affect our production, distribution, packaging (including k-cup pods and the disposal of k-cup pods), cost of raw materials, fuel, ingredients and water could all negatively impact our business and financial results.
u.s. and international laws and regulations could adversely affect our business.
our products are subject to a variety of federal, state and local laws and regulations in the u.s., canada, mexico and other countries in which we conduct business. these laws and regulations apply to many aspects of our business including the manufacture, safety, sourcing, labeling, storing, transportation, marketing, advertising, distribution and sale of our products. other laws and regulations that may impact our business relate to the environment, relations with distributors and retailers, employment, privacy, health and trade practices. our expanding international business will also expose us to economic factors, regulatory requirements, increasing competition and other risks associated with doing business in foreign countries. our international business is also subject to u.s. laws, regulations and policies, including anti-corruption and export laws and regulations.
violations of these laws or regulations in the manufacturing, safety, sourcing, labeling, storing, transportation, advertising, distribution and sale of our products could damage our reputation and/or result in criminal, civil or administrative actions with substantial financial penalties and operational limitations. in addition, any significant change in such laws or regulations or their interpretation, or the introduction of higher standards or more stringent laws or regulations, could result in increased compliance costs or capital expenditures or significant challenges to our ability to continue to produce and sell products that generate a significant portion of our sales and profits. for example, changes in recycling and bottle deposit laws or special taxes on soft drinks or ingredients could increase our costs. in addition, changes in legislation imposing tariffs on or restricting the importation of our products or raw materials required to make our products, restricting the sale of k-cup pods, requiring compostability of k-cup pods, limiting the ability of consumers to put k-cup pods into municipal waste or recycling streams or requiring manufacturers of k-cup pods to pay responsible producer or other fees to local or other governmental entities in connection with the collection, recycling or disposition of k-cup pods could increase costs for us or, at least for some period of time, cut off a significant source of our sales and profits. regulatory focus on the health, safety and marketing of food products is increasing. certain federal or state regulations or laws affecting the labeling of our products, such as california's "proposition 65," which requires warnings on any product with substances that the state lists as potentially causing cancer or birth defects, are or could become applicable to our products.
we depend on key information systems and third-party service providers.
we depend on key information systems to accurately and efficiently transact our business, provide information to management and prepare financial reports. we rely on third-party providers for a number of key information systems and business processing services, including hosting, collecting, storing and transmitting our primary data center and processing various accounting and transactional services. an offshore shared service center managed by third parties provides lower cost services to conduct our business, including a number of accounting, tax, and computing functions. if any of these third-party service providers or vendors do not perform effectively, or if we fail to adequately monitor their performance (including compliance with service level agreements or regulatory or legal requirements), we may have to incur additional costs to correct errors made by such service providers, our reputation could be harmed or we could be subject to litigation, claims, legal or regulatory proceedings, inquiries or investigations. in addition, the management of multiple third-party service providers increases operational complexity and decreases our control.
our information systems contain proprietary and other confidential information related to our business. these systems and services are vulnerable to interruptions or other failures resulting from, among other things, natural disasters, terrorist attacks, software, equipment or telecommunications failures, processing errors, computer viruses, other security issues or supplier defaults. security, backup and disaster recovery measures may not be adequate or implemented properly to avoid such disruptions or failures. any disruption or failure of these systems or services could cause substantial errors, processing inefficiencies, security breaches, inability to use the systems or process transactions, loss of customers or other business disruptions, all of which could negatively affect our business and financial performance.
table of contents in addition, because we primarily accept debit and credit cards for payment in our e-commerce channel, we are subject to the pci standard, issued by the payment card industry security standards council. the pci standard contains compliance guidelines with regard to our security surrounding the physical and electronic storage, processing and transmission of cardholder data. we are not fully compliant with the pci standard and there can be no assurance that in the future we will be able to operate our facilities and our customer service and sales operations in accordance with the pci standard or other industry recommended or contractually required practices. we are in the process to be in compliance with the pci standard. however, complying with the pci standard and implementing related procedures, technology and information security measures requires significant resources and ongoing attention. costs and potential problems and interruptions associated with the implementation of new or upgraded systems and technology such as those necessary to achieve compliance with the pci standard or with maintenance or adequate support of existing systems could also disrupt or reduce the efficiency of our operations. even if we are compliant with pci standard, we still may not be able to prevent security breaches. any material interruptions or failures in our payment-related systems could negatively affect our business and financial performance.
in addition, some of our commercial partners may receive or store information provided by us or our users through their websites, including information entrusted to them by customers. if we or these third-party commercial partners fail to adopt or adhere to adequate information security practices, or fail to comply with their respective online policies, or in the event of a breach of our networks, our users' data and customer information may be improperly accessed, used or disclosed.
as cybersecurity attacks continue to evolve and increase, our information systems could also be penetrated or compromised by internal and external parties intent on extracting confidential information, disrupting business processes or corrupting information. these risks could arise from external parties or from acts or omissions of internal or service provider personnel. such unauthorized access could disrupt our business and could result in the loss of assets, litigation, regulatory actions or investigations, remediation costs, damage to our reputation and failure to retain or attract customers following such an event, which could adversely affect our business.
our use of information technology and third party service providers exposes us to cybersecurity breaches and other business disruptions that could adversely affect us.
we use information technology and third party service providers to support our global business processes and activities, including supporting critical business operations; communicating with our suppliers, customers and employees; maintaining financial information and effective accounting processes and financial and disclosure controls; engaging in mergers and acquisitions and other corporate transactions; conducting research and development activities; meeting regulatory, legal and tax requirements; and executing various digital marketing and consumer promotion activities. global shared service centers managed by third parties provide an increasing amount of services to conduct our business, including a number of accounting, internal control, human resources and computing functions.
continuity of business applications and services has been, and may in the future be, disrupted by events such as infection by viruses or malware. our continuity of business applications and operations has been, and may in the future be, also disrupted by other cybersecurity attacks; issues with or errors in systems' maintenance or security; migration of applications to the cloud; power outages; hardware or software failures; denial of service; telecommunication failures; natural disasters; terrorist attacks; and other catastrophic occurrences. further, cybersecurity breaches of our or third party systems, whether from circumvention of security systems, denial-of-service attacks or other cyberattacks, hacking, phishing attacks, computer viruses, ransomware or malware, employee or insider error, malfeasance, social engineering, physical breaches or other actions may cause confidential information belonging to us or our employees, customers, consumers, partners, suppliers, or governmental or regulatory authorities to be misused or breached. when risks such as these materialize, the need for us to coordinate with various third party service providers and for third party service providers to coordinate amongst themselves might make it more challenging to resolve the related issues. additionally, in the event of a cybersecurity breach of confidential information that we process and maintain about our employees or consumers through our e-commerce platform could be potentially exposed. if our controls, disaster recovery and business continuity plans or those of our third party providers do not effectively respond to or resolve the issues related to any such disruptions in a timely manner, our product sales, financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected, and we might experience delays in reporting our financial results, loss of intellectual property, breach of confidential information and damage to our reputation or brands.
we continue to devote focused resources to network security, backup and disaster recovery, upgrading systems and networks, enhanced training and other security measures to protect our systems and data; we are also in the process of enhancing the monitoring and detection of threats in our environment. however, security measures cannot provide absolute security or guarantee that we will be successful in preventing or responding to every breach or disruption on a timely basis. in addition, due to the constantly evolving nature of security threats, we cannot predict the form and impact of any future incident, and the cost and operational expense of implementing, maintaining and enhancing protective measures to guard against increasingly complex and sophisticated cyber threats could increase significantly. although we maintain insurance coverage that may, subject to policy terms and conditions, cover certain aspects of a breach or disruption, such insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover all losses.
table of contents we regularly move data across national borders to conduct our operations and consequently are subject to a variety of continuously evolving and developing laws and regulations in numerous jurisdictions regarding privacy, data protection and data security, including those related to the collection, storage, handling, use, disclosure, transfer and security of personal data. privacy and data protection laws may be interpreted and applied differently from country to country and may create inconsistent or conflicting requirements. our efforts to comply with privacy and data protection laws may impose significant costs and challenges that are likely to increase over time, and we could incur substantial penalties or litigation related to violation of existing or future data privacy laws and regulations.
we could lose key personnel or may be unable to recruit qualified personnel.
our future success depends upon the continued contributions of senior management and other key personnel and the ability to retain and motivate them. if we are unable to recruit, retain and motivate the senior management team and other key personnel sufficiently to support the projected growth and initiatives of our business, our business and financial performance may be adversely affected.
litigation or legal proceedings could expose us to significant liabilities and damage our reputation.
we may be a party to various litigation claims and legal proceedings that may include employment, tort, real estate, antitrust, environmental, recycling/sustainability, intellectual property, commercial, securities, false advertising, packaging, product labeling, consumer protection and other claims. we may be a defendant in class action litigation, including litigation regarding employment practices, product labeling, including under california's "proposition 65," public statements and disclosures under securities laws, antitrust, advertising, consumer protection and wage and hour laws. plaintiffs in class action litigation may seek to recover amounts that are large and may be indeterminable for some period of time. we evaluate litigation claims and legal proceedings to assess the likelihood of unfavorable outcomes and estimate, if possible, the amount of potential losses. we will establish a reserve as appropriate based upon assessments and estimates in accordance with our accounting policies. we will base our assessments, estimates and disclosures on the information available to us at the time and rely on legal and management judgment. actual outcomes or losses may differ materially from assessments and estimates. costs to defend litigation claims and legal proceedings and the cost and any required actions arising out of actual settlements, judgments or resolutions of these claims and legal proceedings may negatively affect our business and financial performance. any adverse publicity resulting from allegations made in litigation claims or legal proceedings may also adversely affect our reputation, which in turn could adversely affect our results of operations.
fluctuations in our effective tax rate may result in volatility in our financial results.
we are subject to income taxes and non-income-based taxes in many u.s. and certain foreign jurisdictions. income tax expense includes a provision for uncertain tax positions. at any one time, many tax years are subject to audit by various taxing jurisdictions. as these audits and negotiations progress, events may occur that change our expectation about how the audit will ultimately be resolved. as a result, there could be ongoing variability in our quarterly and/or annual tax rates as events occur that cause a change in our provision for uncertain tax positions. in addition, our effective tax rate in any given financial statement period may be significantly impacted by changes in the mix and level of earnings or by changes to existing accounting rules, tax regulations or interpretations of existing law. in addition, tax legislation may be enacted in the future, domestically or abroad, that impacts our effective tax rate. among other things, a number of countries are considering changes to their tax laws applicable to multinational corporate groups, such as the tcja. some foreign governments may enact tax laws in response to the tcja that could result in further changes to global taxation and materially affect our financial position and operating results. moreover, many of the new provisions of the tcja will need to be implemented through u.s. department of treasury regulations and other guidance that could impact the interpretation and effect of these provisions. the recent presidential election may additionally impact our effective tax rate, as the new administration may seek to change the statutory rate and associated tax laws. changes in tax laws, regulations, related interpretations, and tax accounting standards in the u.s. and various foreign jurisdictions in which we operate may adversely affect our financial results.
failure to comply with applicable transfer pricing and similar regulations could harm our business and financial results.
in many countries, including the u.s., we are subject to transfer pricing and other tax regulations designed to ensure that appropriate levels of income are reported as earned and are taxed accordingly. although we believe that we are in substantial compliance with all applicable regulations and restrictions, we are subject to the risk that governmental authorities could audit our transfer pricing and related practices and assert that additional taxes are owed. in the event that the audits or assessments are concluded adversely to our positions, we may or may not be able to offset or mitigate the consolidated effect of foreign income tax assessments through the use of u.s. foreign tax credits. because the laws and regulations governing u.s. foreign tax credits are complex and subject to periodic legislative amendment, we cannot be sure that we will in fact be able to take advantage of any foreign tax credits in the future.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations this section of this annual report on form 10-k generally discusses the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019 and year-over-year comparisons between the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019. discussions of the periods prior to the year ended december 31, 2019 that are not included in this annual report on form 10-k are found in "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in part ii, item 7 of our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2019 and the discussion therein for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to the year ended december 31, 2018 is incorporated by reference into this annual report.
this annual report on form 10-k contains the names of some of our owned or licensed trademarks, trade names and service marks, which we refer to as our brands. all of the product names included in this annual report on form 10-k are either our registered trademarks or those of our licensors.
overview kdp is a leading beverage company in north america, with a diverse portfolio of flavored (non-cola) csds, ncbs, including water (enhanced and flavored), ready-to-drink tea and coffee, juice, juice drinks, mixers and specialty coffee, and is a leading producer of innovative single serve brewers. with a wide range of hot and cold beverages that meet virtually any consumer need, kdp key brands include keurig, dr pepper, canada dry, snapple, bai, mott's, core, green mountain and the original donut shop. kdp has some of the most recognized beverage brands in north america, with significant consumer awareness levels and long histories that evoke strong emotional connections with consumers. kdp offers more than 125 owned, licensed and partner brands, including the top ten best-selling coffee brands and dr pepper as a leading flavored csd in the u.s. according to iri, available nearly everywhere people shop and consume beverages.
kdp operates as an integrated brand owner, manufacturer and distributor. we believe our integrated business model strengthens our route-to-market and provides opportunities for net sales and profit growth through the alignment of the economic interests of our brand ownership and our manufacturing and distribution businesses through both our dsd system and our wd delivery system. kdp markets and sells its products to retailers, including supermarkets, mass merchandisers, club stores, pure-play e-commerce retailers, and office superstores; to restaurants, hotel chains, office product and coffee distributors, and partner brand owners; and directly to consumers through its website. our integrated business model enables us to be more flexible and responsive to the changing needs of our large retail customers and allows us to more fully leverage our scale and reduce costs by creating greater geographic manufacturing and distribution coverage.
segments as of december 31, 2020, we report our business in four operating segments:
•the coffee systems segment reflects sales in the u.s. and canada of the manufacture and distribution of finished goods relating to the company's single-serve brewers, k-cup pods and other coffee products.
•the packaged beverages segment reflects sales in the u.s. and canada from the manufacture and distribution of finished beverages and other products, including sales of the company's own brands and third-party brands, through our dsd and wd systems.
•the beverage concentrates segment reflects sales of the company's branded concentrates and syrup to third-party bottlers, primarily in the u.s. and canada. most of the brands in this segment are csds.
•the latin america beverages segment reflects sales in mexico, the caribbean, and other international markets from the manufacture and distribution of concentrates, syrup and finished beverages.
volume in evaluating our performance, we consider different volume measures depending on whether we sell beverage concentrates, finished beverages, pods or brewers.
coffee systems k-cup pod and appliance sales volume in our coffee systems segments, we measure our sales volume as the number of appliances and the number of individual k-cup pods sold to our customers.
packaged beverages and latin america beverages sales volume in our packaged beverages and latin america beverages segments, we measure volume as case sales to customers. a case sale represents a unit of measurement equal to 288 fluid ounces of packaged beverage sold by us. case sales include both our owned brands and certain brands licensed to and/or distributed by us.
beverage concentrates sales volume in our beverage concentrates segment, we measure our sales volume as concentrate case sales for concentrates sold by us to our bottlers and distributors. a concentrate case is the amount of concentrate needed to make one case of 288 fluid ounces of finished beverage, the equivalent of 24 twelve ounce servings. it does not include any other component of the finished beverage other than concentrate.
use of non-gaap financial measures non-gaap financial measures are provided in addition to u.s. gaap measures, including adjusted income from operations, adjusted net income and adjusted diluted earnings per share. see non-gaap financial measures for more information, including reconciliations to the corresponding u.s. gaap measures.
uncertainties and trends affecting our business we believe the north american beverage market is influenced by certain key trends and uncertainties. some of these items, such as the ongoing outbreak of covid-19, changes in consumer preferences and macroeconomic changes, have previously created and may continue to create category headwinds for a number of our products. refer to item 1a, "risk factors", combined with the uncertainties and trends affecting liquidity section below, for more information about the risks and uncertainties we face.
covid-19 pandemic disclosures our first priority, always, is to keep our employees safe and healthy. we have taken extraordinary precautions to do this and to provide the support our employees and their families may need during this unprecedented time.
we continue to deliver for our customers and consumers, working hard to fulfill strong demand. we are finding innovative ways to quickly adapt to changes in shopping behaviors, with the vast majority of north america impacted by a mix of occupancy limitations, stay-at-home or shelter-in-place orders, and closures of non-essential businesses.
we are also focused on providing for our communities by supporting frontline healthcare workers who are fighting this crisis day in and day out. we don't make masks or medical equipment at our company, but we do make beverages and, through our fueling the frontline program, we donated keurig brewers, coffee and other beverages to hospitals in need, as our way to say thank you for the unwavering commitment and courage of the entire medical community.
the covid-19 pandemic has had divergent impacts within our business. for example, we experienced a significant increase in demand and consumption of our products in our at-home business caused in part by changing consumer habits in response to covid-19, contributing to increases in net sales. at the same time, we experienced significant declines in net sales in our away-from-home business due to office closures and the slowdown of hospitality and fountain foodservice as a result of shelter-in-place guidelines and restaurant capacity limits. in the future, the economic effects of the covid-19 pandemic, including higher levels of unemployment, lower wages or a recessionary environment, may result in reduced demand for our products. it could also lead to volatility in demand due to government actions, such as shelter-in-place notices, in response to increases in reported cases and hospitalizations in certain regions. these government actions could impact consumers' movements and access to our products.
while we believe that there will continue to be strong long-term demand for our products, the timing and extent of economic recovery, and the uncertainties in short-term demand trends, make it difficult to predict the overall effects of the covid-19 pandemic on our business. we expect that there will be heightened volatility in net sales during and subsequent to the duration of the pandemic that may impact interim periods.
our ability to continue to operate without any significant negative impacts will in part depend on our ability to protect our critical frontline employees and our supply chain. as food and agriculture is deemed part of the critical infrastructure by the department of homeland security, our frontline employees have been identified as critical workers in maintaining the u.s. food and beverage supply. as a result, we have strived to follow recommended actions of government and health authorities to protect our employees, with particular measures in place for those working in our manufacturing and distribution facilities, which also included temporary incentive pay programs and benefits. we intend to continue to work with government authorities and implement our employee safety measures; however, disruptions to our supply chain, measures taken to protect employees, increased absenteeism or other local effects of the covid-19 pandemic have impacted and could continue to impact our operations. for our corporate employees, we do not believe that the remote work environment has had any significant impact on our internal controls over financial reporting. with the health and safety of our employees remaining our top priority, we are diligently working on plans to safely bring our employees back to office locations with enhanced safety and health protocols. we do not believe these plans will impact our near-term liquidity needs.
the covid-19 pandemic has not materially impacted our liquidity position. we continue to generate operating cash flows to meet our short-term liquidity needs, and we expect to maintain access to the capital markets enabled by our debt ratings. refer to uncertainties and trends affecting liquidity within the liquidity and capital resources section below for more information.
executive summary impact of covid-19 on our financial statements the impact of covid-19 on our net sales performance presented both headwinds and tailwinds across the business and within the segments, requiring strong portfolio, package and channel mix management to optimize overall performance. the diversity of the company's broad portfolio and extensive route to market network enabled us to successfully navigate these mix impacts posed by the covid-19 pandemic to drive overall performance.
•coffee systems experienced growth in k-cup coffee pods for at-home consumption and strong double-digit growth in brewers, which more than offset the significant decline in away-from-home consumption due to weaknesses in the office coffee channel, as many companies shifted to a work-from-home model during 2020. sales in the e-commerce channel were very strong, as consumers shifted purchases to the online channel, including at the keurig.com retail site.
•packaged beverages experienced a net benefit from strong in-market execution, driven by net sales and market share growth in the majority of the segment's beverage portfolio. performance in large-format channels continued to be strong across multi-pack and take-home packages, which was partially offset by softness in the convenience and gas channels due to decreased consumer mobility.
•beverage concentrates experienced a significant decline in net sales due to the fountain foodservice component of the business, which services restaurants and hospitality, as a result of the impact of shutdowns and reductions in occupant capacity, which improved throughout the year, reflecting a modest reopening of quick-serve and other fast-casual restaurants.
•latin america beverages experienced limited growth in sales volumes, driven by reduced consumer mobility and tourism in mexico.
the current environment has increased operating costs, requiring us to take deliberate action. in addition to strong portfolio, package and channel mix management to optimize overall net sales performance, we maintained our strong cost discipline, which included the following:
•reduced marketing expense, given the current covid-19 landscape which has impacted the effectiveness and return on marketing investments; and
•reduced other discretionary costs, such as travel and entertainment expenses, within our business.
as a result of these items, covid-19 impacted our results, both positively and negatively, and should be taken into account when reviewing this management's discussion and analysis. refer to the section uncertainties and trends affecting our business - covid-19 pandemic disclosures above for further information.
the following table sets forth our reconciliation of significant covid-19-related expenses. employee compensation expense and employee protection costs, which impact our sg&a expenses and cost of sales, are included as the covid-19 item affecting comparability and is excluded in our non-gaap financial measures. in addition, reported amounts under u.s. gaap also include additional costs, not included in the covid-19 item affecting comparability, as presented in tables below.
items affecting comparability(1)
(in millions)                                employee compensation expense(2)                              employee protection costs(3)                 allowances for expected credit losses(4)   inventory write-downs(5)                        total for the year ended december 31, 2020
coffee systems                               $15                                                                        $10                                                   $2                   $8                                            $35
packaged beverages                           76                                                                          25                                                    8                   -                                             109
beverage concentrates                        -                                                                            -                                                    4                   -                                               4
latin america beverages                      -                                                                            2                                                    -                   -                                               2
total                                        $91                                                                        $37                                                  $14                   $8                                           $150
(1)employee compensation expense and employee protection costs are both included as the covid-19 item affecting comparability in the reconciliation of our adjusted non-gaap financial measures.
(2)primarily reflects temporary incremental frontline incentive pay and the associated taxes in order to maintain essential operations during the covid-19 pandemic. impacts both cost of sales and sg&a expenses. in mid-september 2020, we discontinued the incremental frontline incentive pay program.
(3)includes costs associated with personal protective equipment, temperature scans, cleaning and other sanitization services. impacts both cost of sales and sg&a expenses.
(4)allowances reflect the expected impact of the economic uncertainty caused by covid-19, leveraging estimates of credit worthiness, default and recovery rates for certain of our customers. impacts sg&a expenses.
(5)inventory write-downs represent obsolescence charges, which impact cost of sales.
financial overview the following table details our net income and diluted eps for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019:
for the year ended december 31,                  dollar                 percent
(in millions, except per share data)                       2020                                2019                  change                  change net income attributable to kdp                     $1,325                              $1,254                      $71                     5.7    %
adjusted net income attributable to kdp             1,988                               1,727                      261                    15.1    %
diluted eps                                          0.93                                0.88                     0.05                     5.7    %
adjusted diluted eps                                 1.40                                1.22                     0.18                    14.8    %
net income attributable to kdp increased $71 million, or 5.7%, to $1,325 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to $1,254 million in the prior year, reflecting strong growth in income from operations, driven primarily by the continued benefit of productivity and merger synergies, volume/mix growth and lower discretionary expenses, primarily marketing, partially offset by $150 million of additional pre-tax expenses associated with covid-19 and a non-cash impairment on our bai brand intangible asset. other favorable drivers included lower interest expense due to continued deleveraging and the impact of a lower effective tax rate, partially offset by a non-cash impairment on equity investments and a related party note receivable.
adjusted net income attributable to kdp increased $261 million, or 15.1%, to $1,988 million, compared to $1,727 million in the prior year, reflecting the continued benefit of productivity and merger synergies, volume/mix growth and lower discretionary expenses, primarily marketing, which were partially offset by lower net price realization and higher operating and manufacturing costs associated with increased consumer retail demand for our products. other drivers included lower adjusted interest expense due to continued deleveraging and the impact of a lower adjusted effective tax rate.
during the year ended december 31, 2020, we made net repayments of $951 million related to our notes, our 2019 kdp term loan, and our commercial paper notes. additionally, we repaid $341 million and added $171 million of structured payables.
in february 2021, our board has approved an increase of 25% in our quarterly dividend, which will begin with the second quarter dividend announcement.
results of operations we eliminate from our financial results all intercompany transactions between entities included in our consolidated financial statements and the intercompany transactions with our equity method investees.
references in the financial tables to percentage changes that are not meaningful are denoted by "nm".
consolidated operations the following table sets forth our consolidated results of operations for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019:
for the year ended december 31,                  dollar                 percentage
(in millions, except per share amounts)                                      2020                                2019                  change                     change net sales                                                           $11,618                             $11,120                     $498                       4.5     %
cost of sales                                                         5,132                               4,778                      354                       7.4
gross profit                                                          6,486                               6,342                      144                       2.3
selling, general and administrative expenses                          3,978                               3,962                       16                       0.4
impairment of intangible assets                                          67                                   -                       67                              nm other operating (income) expense, net                                  (39)                                   2                     (41)                              nm income from operations                                                2,480                               2,378                      102                       4.3
interest expense                                                        604                                 654                     (50)                     (7.6)
loss on early extinguishment of debt                                      4                                  11                      (7)                    (63.6)
impairment of investments and note receivable                           102                                   -                      102                              nm other expense (income), net                                              17                                  19                      (2)                    (10.5)
income before provision for income taxes                              1,753                               1,694                       59                       3.5
provision for income taxes                                              428                                 440                     (12)                     (2.7)
net income                                                            1,325                               1,254                       71                       5.7
less: net income attributable to non-controlling interest                 -                                   -                        -                              nm net income attributable to kdp                                       $1,325                              $1,254                      $71                       5.7     %
earnings per common share:
basic                                                                 $0.94                               $0.89                    $0.05                       5.6     %
diluted                                                                0.93                                0.88                     0.05                       5.7     %
gross margin                                                           55.8     %                          57.0     %                                          (120 bps)
operating margin                                                       21.3     %                          21.4     %                                           (10 bps)
effective tax rate                                                     24.4     %                          26.0     %                                          (160 bps)
sales volume. the following table sets forth changes in sales volume for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the prior year:
k-cup pod volume                 6.3   %
brewer volume                   21.2   %
csd sales volume                 0.1   %
ncb sales volume                 1.4   %
net sales. net sales for the year ended december 31, 2020 increased $498 million to $11,618 million compared with net sales of $11,120 million in the prior year. this performance reflected higher volume/mix of 5.6%, partially offset by lower net price realization of 0.6% and unfavorable foreign currency translation of 0.5%, primarily in our latin america beverages segment.
gross profit. gross profit for the year ended december 31, 2020 was $6,486 million, or 55.8% of net sales as compared to $6,342 million, or 57.0% of net sales in the prior year. this performance primarily reflected the impact of higher volume/mix and the benefit of productivity and merger synergies. these benefits were partially offset by unfavorable net price realization, unfavorable fx translation, $52 million in covid-19 charges and an increase in other manufacturing costs, associated with the strong consumer demand. gross margin decreased 120 bps from the prior year to 55.8%.
selling, general and administrative expenses. sg&a expenses for the year ended december 31, 2020 increased $16 million to $3,978 million, compared with $3,962 million in the prior year. the increase was driven by $98 million in covid-19 charges, expenses associated with productivity projects, inflation in logistics, and higher operating costs associated with the strong consumer demand, such as logistics and labor. these increases were partially offset by the benefit of strong productivity and merger synergies and lower discretionary expenses, primarily marketing.
impairment of intangible assets. impairment of intangible assets reflects a $67 million non-cash impairment charge recorded for the bai brand as a result of our annual impairment analysis as of october 1, 2020. refer to note 4 of the notes to our consolidated financial statements for further information regarding the impairment analysis.
other operating (income) expense, net. other operating (income) expense, net had a favorable change of $41 million for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared with the prior year, largely driven by the comparison to unfavorable fair value adjustments on real estate assets in the prior year. additionally, we had an incremental gain from our network optimization program in the current year, with a gain of $42 million from the sale-leaseback of four facilities in the current year, compared to a gain of $30 million in the prior year from the sale-leaseback of three facilities.
income from operations. income from operations increased $102 million to $2,480 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, driven by the increase in gross profit and the favorable change in other operating (income) expense, net, partially offset by the non-cash impairment of the bai brand intangible asset and the increase in sg&a expenses. operating margin decreased 10 bps versus the prior year to 21.3%.
interest expense. interest expense decreased $50 million or 7.6%, to $604 million for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to $654 million in the prior year. this change was primarily the result of the benefit of lower indebtedness due to continued deleveraging.
loss on early extinguishment of debt. loss on early extinguishment of debt decreased $7 million to $4 million for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to $11 million for the prior year. this change was primarily the result of the company's focus on repaying commercial paper during the current year, versus our focus on voluntary repayments on our term loan in the prior year.
impairment on investments and note receivable. impairment on investments and note receivable reflected a non-cash impairment charge of $102 million for the year ended december 31, 2020 associated with our bedford investment and the related note receivable and our lifefuels investment. refer to note 5 of the notes to our consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the impairment charges.
effective tax rate. the effective tax rates for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019 were 24.4% and 26.0%, respectively. the decrease from prior year primarily related to the tax benefit received in the current year due to a decrease in our uncertain tax positions as a result of examination settlements and the reversal of a valuation allowance related to the carryforward of net operating losses in a wholly-owned subsidiary.
net income attributable to kdp. net income attributable to kdp increased $71 million, or 5.7%, to $1,325 million for the year ended december 31, 2020 as compared to $1,254 million in the prior year, driven by improved income from operations, reduced interest expense and reduced losses on early extinguishment of debt, as well as the decrease in the effective tax rate, which were partially offset by the non-cash impairment on investments and note receivable during the year ended december 31, 2020.
diluted eps. diluted eps increased 5.7% to $0.93 per diluted share as compared to $0.88 in the prior year.
adjusted results of operations the following table sets forth selected consolidated adjusted results of operations for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019:
for the year ended december 31,                  dollar                 percentage
(in millions, except per share amounts)                    2020                                2019                  change                     change adjusted income from operations                    $3,191                              $2,890                     $301                      10.4     %
adjusted interest expense                             542                                 553                     (11)                     (2.0)
adjusted provision for income taxes                   644                                 591                       53                       9.0
adjusted net income attributable to kdp             1,988                               1,727                      261                      15.1
adjusted diluted eps                                 1.40                                1.22                     0.18                      14.8
adjusted operating margin                            27.5     %                          26.0     %                                            150 bps adjusted effective tax rate                          24.5     %                          25.5     %                                          (100 bps)
adjusted income from operations. adjusted income from operations increased $301 million, or 10.4%, to $3,191 million for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to $2,890 million in the prior year. driving this performance in the current year was the benefit of productivity and merger synergies, which impacted both sg&a and cost of sales, higher volume/mix, and lower discretionary expenses, primarily marketing. partially offsetting these positive drivers were unfavorable net price realization, $22 million of covid-19 charges and higher operating and manufacturing costs associated with the strong consumer demand. adjusted operating margin grew 150 bps to 27.5%.
adjusted interest expense. adjusted interest expense decreased $11 million, or 2.0%, to $542 million for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to $553 million in the prior year. this benefit was primarily driven by lower indebtedness resulting from continued deleveraging, which was partially offset by the unfavorable comparison to realized gains in the prior year resulting from the termination of interest rate swaps and amortization of deferred financing costs incurred since the dps merger.
adjusted effective tax rate. the adjusted effective tax rate decreased 100 bps to 24.5% for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to 25.5% in the prior year. the decrease from prior year primarily related to the tax benefit received in the current year due to a decrease in our uncertain tax positions as a result of examination settlements and the reversal of a valuation allowance related to the carryforward of net operating losses in a wholly-owned subsidiary.
adjusted net income attributable to kdp. adjusted net income increased 15.1% to $1,988 million for the year ended december 31, 2020 as compared to $1,727 million in the prior year. this performance was driven primarily by strong growth in adjusted income from operations.
adjusted diluted eps. adjusted diluted eps increased 14.8% to $1.40 per diluted share as compared to $1.22 per diluted share in the prior year.
29
results of operations by segment the following tables set forth net sales and income from operations for our segments for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019, as well as the other amounts necessary to reconcile our total segment results to our consolidated results presented in accordance with u.s. gaap:
(in millions)                                                       for the year ended december 31, segment results - net sales                                2020                                2019
coffee systems                                     $4,433                              $4,233
packaged beverages                                  5,363                               4,945
beverage concentrates                               1,325                               1,414
latin america beverages                               497                                 528
net sales                                         $11,618                             $11,120
for the year ended december 31,
(in millions)                                              2020                                2019
segment results - income from operations coffee systems                                     $1,268                              $1,219
packaged beverages                                    822                                 757
beverage concentrates                                 932                                 955
latin america beverages                               105                                  85
unallocated corporate costs                         (647)                               (638)
income from operations                             $2,480                              $2,378
coffee systems the following table provides selected information for our coffee systems segment for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019:
for the year ended december 31,                  dollar                 percentage
(in millions)                                     2020                                2019                  change                     change net sales                                 $4,433                              $4,233                     $200                       4.7     %
income from operations                     1,268                               1,219                       49                       4.0     %
operating margin                            28.6     %                          28.8     %                                           (20 bps)
adjusted income from operations            1,514                               1,403                      111                       7.9     %
adjusted operating margin                   34.2     %                          33.1     %                                            110 bps sales volume. sales volume growth for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the prior year for the coffee systems segment included strong k-cup pod volume growth of 6.3%, reflecting strength in at-home consumption which was significantly offset by softness in the away-from-home business due to the covid-19 pandemic. brewer volume increased 21.2% in the year ended december 31, 2020, as compared to 8.2% growth in the prior year, reflecting successful innovation introduced over the past two years and investments to drive household penetration.
net sales. net sales increased $200 million, or 4.7%, to $4,433 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to $4,233 million in the prior year due to volume/mix growth of 7.2%, driven by strong sales volume growth in both pods and brewers. this growth was partially offset by lower net price realization of 2.4% and unfavorable foreign currency translation of 0.1%.
income from operations. income from operations increased $49 million, or 4.0%, to $1,268 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to $1,219 million in the prior year, driven by the continued benefit of strong productivity and merger synergies, which impacted both cost of sales and sg&a, strong volume/mix growth and lower discretionary expenses, primarily marketing. these benefits were partially offset by strategic pricing, $35 million in covid-19 charges, and expenses associated with productivity projects. operating margin declined 20 bps to 28.6%.
adjusted income from operations. adjusted income from operations increased $111 million, or 7.9%, to $1,514 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to $1,403 million in the prior year, driven by the continued benefit of strong productivity and merger synergies, which impacted both cost of sales and sg&a, strong volume/mix, and lower discretionary expenses, primarily marketing. partially offsetting these factors was strategic pricing and $10 million in covid-19 charges. adjusted operating margin grew 110 bps to 34.2%.
30
packaged beverages the following table provides selected information for our packaged beverages segment for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019:
for the year ended december 31,                  dollar                 percentage
(in millions)                                     2020                                2019                  change                     change net sales                                 $5,363                              $4,945                     $418                       8.5     %
income from operations                       822                                 757                       65                       8.6     %
operating margin                            15.3     %                          15.3     %                                              0 bps adjusted income from operations            1,021                                 783                      238                      30.4     %
adjusted operating margin                   19.0     %                          15.8     %                                            320 bps sales volume. sales volume for the year ended december 31, 2020 increased 7.3% compared to the prior year, reflecting the impact of covid-19 and our strong in-market execution, which displayed strength in csds, juice and juice drinks, premium water and apple sauce. these increases were partially offset by lower volume in enhanced flavored water, driven by bai, due to continued softness in convenience and gas channels during the current year.
net sales. net sales increased $418 million, or 8.5%, to $5,363 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to $4,945 million in the prior year, driven by higher volume/mix of 8.2% and favorable price realization of 0.3%.
income from operations.  income from operations increased $65 million, or 8.6%, to $822 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to $757 million in the prior year, driven primarily by strong volume/mix. other favorable drivers included the benefit of continued productivity and merger synergies and lower discretionary expenses, primarily marketing. these growth drivers were partially offset by $109 million in covid-19 charges, a non-cash impairment charge of $67 million related to the bai brand, higher manufacturing and operating costs, such as logistics and labor, associated with the strong consumer demand, inflation in logistics, the unfavorable comparison to a $10 million net gain on a renegotiation of a manufacturing contract in the prior year and increased expenses associated with productivity projects. operating margin was flat versus the prior year at 15.3%.
adjusted income from operations. adjusted income from operations increased $238 million, or 30.4%, to $1,021 million for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to $783 million in the prior year, largely driven by strong volume/mix. other favorable drivers included the benefit of continued productivity and merger synergies and lower discretionary expenses, primarily marketing. these drivers were partially offset by higher manufacturing and operating costs, such as logistics and labor, associated with the strong consumer demand, inflation in logistics, and the unfavorable comparison to a $10 million net gain on a renegotiation of a manufacturing contract in the prior year. adjusted operating margin grew 320 bps versus the prior year to 19.0%.
beverage concentrates the following table provides selected information for our beverage concentrates segment for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019:
for the year ended december 31,   dollar              percentage
(in millions)                                     2020                                2019   change                  change net sales                                 $1,325                              $1,414         $(89)              (6.3)     %
income from operations                       932                                 955         (23)               (2.4)     %
operating margin                            70.3     %                          67.5     %                          280 bps adjusted income from operations              938                                 957         (19)               (2.0)     %
adjusted operating margin                   70.8     %                          67.7     %                          310 bps sales volume. sales volume for the year ended december 31, 2020 declined 5.1% compared to the prior year, primarily reflecting the decline in our fountain foodservice component of the business, which services restaurants and hospitality, reflecting the impact of shutdowns and reductions in occupant capacity.
net sales. net sales decreased $89 million, or 6.3% to $1,325 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to $1,414 million in the prior year, driven by unfavorable volume/mix of 5.8%, lower net price realization of 0.4% and unfavorable foreign currency translation of 0.1%.
31
income from operations.  income from operations decreased $23 million, or 2.4% to $932 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to $955 million in the prior year, driven by the net sales decline and higher compensation costs, partially offset by lower discretionary expenses, primarily marketing. operating margin increased 280 bps versus the prior year to 70.3%.
adjusted income from operations. adjusted income from operations decreased $19 million, or 2.0%, to $938 million for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to $957 million in the prior year, driven by the net sales decline, partially offset by lower discretionary expenses, primarily marketing. adjusted operating margin grew 310 bps versus the prior year to 70.8%.
latin america beverages the following table provides selected information for our latin america beverages segment for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019:
for the year ended december 31,                  dollar                 percentage
(in millions)                                     2020                                2019                  change                     change net sales                                   $497                                $528                    $(31)                     (5.9)     %
income from operations                       105                                  85                       20                      23.5     %
operating margin                            21.1     %                          16.1     %                                            500 bps adjusted income from operations              108                                  82                       26                      31.7     %
adjusted operating margin                   21.7     %                          15.5     %                                            620 bps sales volume. sales volume for the year ended december 31, 2020 increased 0.4% compared to the prior year, driven by squirt.
net sales. net sales decreased $31 million, or 5.9% to $497 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to $528 million in the prior year, driven primarily by unfavorable fx translation of 9.7%. excluding the unfavorable impact of fx translation, net sales increased as a result of higher net price realization of 5.8%, partially offset by unfavorable volume/mix of 2.0%.
income from operations.  income from operations increased $20 million, or 23.5%, to $105 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to $85 million in the prior year, driven by higher net price realization, continued productivity and lower discretionary expenses, primarily marketing, partially offset by unfavorable fx effects (fx translation and transaction), unfavorable volume/mix, inflation in logistics and the comparison to a real estate gain in the prior year. operating margin increased 500 bps versus the prior year to 21.1%.
adjusted income from operations. adjusted income from operations increased $26 million, or 31.7%, to $108 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to $82 million in the prior year. this performance reflected higher net price realization, continued productivity and lower marketing expense, partially offset by unfavorable fx effects (fx translation and transaction), unfavorable volume/mix and inflation in logistics. adjusted operating margin grew 620 bps versus the prior year to 21.7%.
liquidity and capital resources overview our financial condition and liquidity remain strong. net cash provided by operations was $2,456 million for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to $2,474 million for the prior year. although there is uncertainty related to the anticipated impact of the ongoing covid-19 pandemic on our future results, we believe we are uniquely positioned, with our broad portfolio and unmatched distribution network, to successfully navigate through this pandemic, and the steps we have taken to strengthen our balance sheet leave us well positioned to manage our business as the crisis continues to unfold. we continue to manage all aspects of our business, including, but not limited to, monitoring the financial health of our customers, suppliers and other third-party relationships, implementing gross margin enhancement strategies and developing new opportunities for growth.
our principal sources of liquidity are our existing cash and cash equivalents, cash generated from operations and our $3.9 billion borrowing capacity currently available under our existing kdp revolver and 2020 364-day credit agreement. additionally, we have an uncommitted commercial paper program where we can issue up to $2.4 billion of unsecured commercial paper notes on a private placement basis, which provides us significant flexibility and short-term liquidity. we believe this level of liquidity enables us to more than meet our commitments, even in a prolonged economic downturn, as we continue to exercise financial discipline to ensure our long-term financial health. refer to note 3 of the notes to our consolidated financial statements for management's discussion of these financing arrangements.
as of december 31, 2020, we were in compliance with all debt covenants and we have no reason to believe that we will be unable to satisfy these covenants.
uncertainties and trends affecting liquidity disruptions in financial and credit markets, including those caused by the ongoing covid-19 pandemic, may impact our ability to manage normal commercial relationships with our customers, suppliers and creditors. these disruptions could have a negative impact on the ability of our customers to timely pay their obligations to us, thus reducing our cash flow, or the ability of our vendors to timely supply materials.
customer and consumer demand for our products may additionally be impacted by all risk factors discussed in item 1a, "risk factors" that could have a material effect on production, delivery and consumption of our products in the u.s., mexico and the caribbean or canada, which could result in a reduction in our sales volume. similarly, disruptions in financial and credit markets may impact our ability to manage normal commercial relationships with our customers, suppliers and creditors. these disruptions could have a negative impact on the ability of our customers to timely pay their obligations to us, thus reducing our cash flow, or the ability of our vendors to timely supply materials.
we believe that the following events, trends and uncertainties may also impact liquidity:
•our intention to drive significant cash flow generation to enable rapid deleveraging within two to three years from the dps merger;
•our ability to issue unsecured commercial paper notes on a private placement basis up to a maximum aggregate amount outstanding at any time of $2,400 million;
•our ability to access our other financing arrangements, including the kdp revolver and the 2020 364-day credit agreement, which have availability of $3,900 million as of december 31, 2020;
•a significant downgrade in our credit ratings could limit a financial institution's willingness to participate in our accounts payable program and reduce the attractiveness of the accounts payable program to participating suppliers who may sell payment obligations from us to financial institutions;
•our continued payment of dividends;
•our continued capital expenditures;
•future mergers or acquisitions of brand ownership companies, regional bottling companies, distributors and/or distribution rights to further extend our geographic coverage;
•future equity investments;
•seasonality of our operating cash flows, which could impact short-term liquidity; and
•fluctuations in our tax obligations.
libor considerations in 2017, the u.k. financial conduct authority announced that libor will no longer be published after 2021. in the u.s., the alternative reference rates committee selected the secured overnight financing rate as the preferred alternative reference rate to libor. in december 2020, it was announced that certain libor rates will continue to be published through june 30, 2023.
we have a number of financing arrangements which incorporate libor as a benchmark rate and which extend past 2021, including the 2019 kdp term loan and the kdp revolver. the agreements related to such financing arrangements contain provisions for alternative reference rates, and we do not expect a significant change to our cost of debt as a result of the transition from libor to an alternative reference rate.
liquidity based on our current and anticipated level of operations, we believe that our operating cash flows will be sufficient to meet our anticipated obligations for the next twelve months. to the extent that our operating cash flows are not sufficient to meet our liquidity needs, we may utilize cash on hand or amounts available under our financing arrangements, if necessary.
the following table summarizes our cash activity:
year ended december 31,
(in millions)                                                        2020   2019                        2018
net cash provided by operating activities                      $2,456                      $2,474                        $1,613
net cash used in investing activities                           (316)                       (150)                      (19,131)
net cash (used in) provided by financing activities           (1,990)                     (2,364)                        17,577
net cash provided by operating activities net cash provided by operating activities decreased $18 million for the year ended december 31, 2020 as compared to year ended december 31, 2019, driven by the decline in working capital and an increase in income tax payments, partially offset by the increase in net income adjusted for non-cash items.
as of december 31, 2020, we had no deferred estimated tax payments, as compared to deferred estimated tax payments as of december 31, 2019 of $59 million, which were paid in january 2020.
beginning in the second quarter of 2020 and continuing through the rest of the year, we deferred payments of employer-related payroll taxes as allowed under the u.s. coronavirus aid, relief and economic security act, commonly known as the cares act. payment of at least 50% of the deferred amount is due on december 31, 2021 with the remainder due by december 31, 2022. as of december 31, 2020, we have deferred a total of $59 million in such payments.
cash conversion cycle our cash conversion cycle is defined as dio and dso less dpo. the calculation of each component of the cash conversion cycle is provided below:
component         calculation (on a trailing twelve month basis)
dio               (average inventory divided by cost of sales) * number of days in the period dso               (accounts receivable divided by net sales) * number of days in the period dpo               (accounts payable * number of days in the period) divided by cost of sales and sg&amp;a expenses our cash conversion cycle declined (17) days to approximately (63) days as of december 31, 2020 as compared to (46) days as of december 31, 2019. the following table summarizes our cash conversion cycle:
december 31,
2020                      2019
dio                                         54                        52
dso                                         33                        35
dpo                                        150                       133
cash conversion cycle                     (63)                      (46)
for the year ending december 31, 2021, dpo is expected to have a positive impact on our cash conversion cycle as a result of our supplier terms initiative, which has set our customary terms as we integrate our legacy businesses.
accounts payable program as part of our ongoing efforts to improve our cash flow and related liquidity, we work with our suppliers to optimize our terms and conditions, which include the extension of payment terms. excluding our suppliers who require cash at date of purchase or sale, our current payment terms with our suppliers generally range from 10 to 360 days. we also entered into an agreement with a third party administrator to allow participating suppliers to track payment obligations from us, and if voluntarily elected by the supplier, sell payment obligations from us to financial institutions. suppliers can sell one or more of our payment obligations at their sole discretion and our rights and obligations to our suppliers are not impacted. we have no economic interest in a supplier's decision to enter into these agreements and no direct financial relationship with the financial institutions. our obligations to our suppliers, including amounts due and scheduled payment terms, are not impacted. we have been informed by the third party administrator that as of december 31, 2020 and december 31, 2019, $2,578 million and $2,097 million, respectively, of our outstanding payment obligations were voluntarily elected by the supplier and sold to financial institutions. the amounts settled through the program and paid to the financial institutions were $2,770 million and $1,745 million for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
net cash used in investing activities cash used in investing activities for the year ended december 31, 2020 was primarily driven by our purchases of property, plant and equipment of $461 million and purchases of intangible assets of $56 million, which was partially offset by proceeds of $203 million from sales of property, plant and equipment, primarily driven by our asset sale-leaseback transactions.
cash used in investing activities for the year ended december 31, 2019 was primarily driven by our purchases of property, plant and equipment of $330 million, partially offset by proceeds of $247 million from sales of property, plant and equipment, primarily driven by our asset sale-leaseback transactions. other drivers of cash used investing activities included $35 million for purchases of intangible assets, primarily the reacquisition of distribution rights, and advances of $32 million to bedford under its line of credit with us.
net cash used in financing activities cash used in financing activities for the year ended december 31, 2020 consisted primarily of the net repayment of $1,246 million for commercial paper notes. we made the decision to repay commercial paper notes with an equivalent amount of borrowings under our kdp revolver, as the costs and ability to issue commercial paper became inefficient at the onset of the covid-19 pandemic versus borrowings under our kdp revolver. the kdp revolver was subsequently repaid through the issuance of our 2030 notes and 2050 notes. additionally, we made voluntary and mandatory repayments on the term loan facility of $955 million, dividend payments of $846 million, the repayment of the 2020 notes of $250 million and net payments on structured payables of $170 million. we also received $29 million from controlling shareholder stock transactions, which related to the disgorgement of short-swing profits pursuant to section 16(b) of the exchange act.
net cash used in financing activities for the year ended december 31, 2019 consisted primarily of the voluntary and mandatory repayments on the 2018 kdp term loan and 2019 kdp term loan of $1,203 million, dividend payments of $844 million, repayments of structured payables of $531 million and the repayment of the 2019 notes of $250 million. these cash outflows from financing activities were partially offset by net issuance of commercial paper notes of $167 million and proceeds from structured payables of $330 million.
debt ratings as of december 31, 2020, our credit ratings were as follows:
rating agency        long-term debt rating         commercial paper rating       outlook moody's              baa2                          p-2                           negative s&amp;p              bbb                           a-2                           stable these debt and commercial paper ratings impact the interest we pay on our financing arrangements. a downgrade of one or both of our debt and commercial paper ratings could increase our interest expense and decrease the cash available to fund anticipated obligations.
capital expenditures purchases of property, plant and equipment were $461 million and $330 million for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
capital expenditures, which includes purchases of property, plant and equipment and amounts reflected in accounts payable and accrued expenses, for the year ended december 31, 2020 primarily related to our continued investment in state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities and equipment through the build-out of our spartanburg manufacturing facility, the purchase of real estate in ireland and the associated build out of the manufacturing facility and the build-out of our allentown manufacturing facility.
capital expenditures for the year ended december 31, 2019 primarily related to manufacturing equipment, our continued investment in the construction of our new spartanburg facility in south carolina and information technology infrastructure.
cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents increased $144 million to $255 million as of december 31, 2020 compared to $111 million as of december 31, 2019.
our cash balances are used to fund working capital requirements, scheduled debt and interest payments, capital expenditures, income tax obligations, dividend payments and business combinations. cash generated by our foreign operations is generally repatriated to the u.s. periodically as working capital funding requirements in those jurisdictions allow. foreign cash balances were $165 million and $70 million as of december 31, 2020 and december 31, 2019, respectively. we accrue tax costs for repatriation, as applicable, as cash is generated in those foreign jurisdictions.
contractual commitments and obligations we enter into various contractual obligations that impact, or could impact, our liquidity. based on our current and anticipated level of operations, we believe that our proceeds from operating cash flows will be sufficient to meet our anticipated obligations. to the extent that our operating cash flows are not sufficient to meet our liquidity needs, we may utilize cash on hand or amounts available under our financing arrangements, if necessary. refer to note 3 of the notes to our consolidated financial statements for obligations related to our senior unsecured notes and our kdp credit agreements. refer to note 9 of the notes to our consolidated financial statements for future minimum lease commitments.
the following table summarizes our contractual obligations as of december 31, 2020:
payments due in year
(in millions)                 total           2021                                 2022                  2023                  2024                  2025            after 2025
interest payments             $5,266                      $504                  $457                  $406                  $349                  $326               $3,224
purchase obligations(1)       1,893                      1,131                   296                   178                   110                    91                      87
(1)amounts represent payments under agreements to purchase goods or services that are legally binding and that specify all significant terms, including capital obligations and long-term contractual obligations.
amounts excluded from our table as of december 31, 2020, we had $11 million of non-current unrecognized tax benefits, related interest and penalties classified as a long-term liability. the table above does not reflect any payments related to these amounts as it is not possible to make a reasonable estimate of the amount or timing of the payment. refer to note 7 of the notes to our consolidated financial statements for further information.
the total accrued benefit liability representing the underfunded position for pension recognized as of december 31, 2020 was approximately $25 million. this amount is impacted by, among other items, funding levels, plan amendments, changes in plan assumptions and the investment return on plan assets. we did not include estimated payments related to our total accrued benefit liability in the table above. the pension protection act of 2006 was enacted in august 2006 and established, among other things, new standards for funding of u.s. defined benefit pension plans. we generally expect to fund all future contributions with cash flows from operating activities. our international pension plans are generally funded in accordance with local laws and income tax regulations. we did not include our estimated contributions to our various single employer plans in the table above.
we have a deferred compensation plan where the assets are maintained in a rabbi trust and the corresponding liability related to the plan is recorded in other non-current liabilities. we did not include estimated payments related to the deferred compensation liability as the timing and payment of these amounts are determined by the participants and outside our control.
in general, we are covered under conventional insurance programs with high deductibles or are self-insured for large portions of many different types of claims. our accrued liabilities for our losses related to these programs are estimated through actuarial procedures of the insurance industry and by using industry assumptions, adjusted for our specific expectations based on our claim history. as of december 31, 2020, our accrued liabilities for our losses related to these programs totaled approximately $107 million.
critical accounting estimates the process of preparing our consolidated financial statements in conformity with u.s. gaap requires the use of estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses. critical accounting estimates are both fundamental to the portrayal of a company's financial condition and results and require difficult, subjective or complex estimates and assessments. these estimates and judgments are based on historical experience, future expectations and other factors and assumptions we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. the most significant estimates and judgments are reviewed on an ongoing basis and revised when necessary. we have not made any material changes in the accounting methodology we use to assess or measure our critical accounting estimates. we have identified the items described below as our critical accounting estimates. we do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a material change in the future estimates or assumptions we use in our critical accounting estimates. however, if actual results are not consistent with our estimates or assumptions, we may be exposed to gains or losses that could be material to our consolidated financial statements. see note 2 of the notes to our consolidated financial statements for a discussion of these and other accounting policies.
goodwill and other indefinite lived intangible assets we conduct tests for impairment of our goodwill and our other indefinite lived intangible assets annually, as of october 1, or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate the carrying amount may not be recoverable. we use present value and other valuation techniques to make this assessment. if the carrying amount of goodwill or an intangible asset exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. for purposes of impairment testing, we assign goodwill to the reporting unit that benefits from the synergies arising from each business combination, and we also assign indefinite lived intangible assets to our reporting units.
we define our six reporting units as the following:
segments                      reporting units packaged beverages            dsd wd coffee systems                coffee systems us coffee systems canada beverage concentrates         beverage concentrates latin america beverages       latin america beverages for both goodwill and other indefinite lived intangible assets, we have the option to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether the fair value of either the reporting unit or indefinite lived intangible asset is not "more likely than not" less than its carrying value, also known as a step 0 analysis. if a quantitative analysis is required, the following would be required:
•the impairment test for indefinite lived intangible assets encompasses calculating a fair value of an indefinite lived intangible asset and comparing the fair value to its carrying value. if the carrying value exceeds the estimated fair value, impairment is recorded.
•the impairment tests for goodwill include comparing fair value of the respective reporting unit with its carrying value, including goodwill and considering any indefinite lived intangible asset impairment charges.
for the year ended december 31, 2020, we performed a quantitative analysis, whereby we used an income approach, or in some cases a combination of income and market based approaches, to determine the fair value of our assets, as well as an overall consideration of market capitalization and enterprise value. these types of analyses contain uncertainties because they require management to make assumptions and to apply judgment to estimate industry and economic factors and the profitability of future business strategies. these assumptions could be negatively impacted by various risks discussed in item 1a, risk factors, in this annual report on form 10-k.
critical assumptions for quantitative analyses include revenue growth and profit performance, including the achievability of productivity and synergies, over the next five year period, as well as an appropriate discount rate, long term growth rate and royalty rates, as applicable. discount rates are based on a weighted average cost of equity and cost of debt, adjusted with various risk premiums. long term growth rates are based on the long-term inflation forecast, industry growth and the long-term economic growth potential. royalty rates are based on observable market participant information.
the following table provides the range of rates used in the analysis as of october 1, 2020:
rate                                        minimum                 maximum discount rates                             6.0    %               10.0    %
long-term growth rates                       -    %                3.5    %
royalty rates                              1.0    %               10.0    %
the carrying values of goodwill and indefinite lived intangible assets as of december 31, 2020, were $20,184 million and $22,534 million, respectively. during the year ended december 31, 2020, the company recorded an impairment of $67 million for the indefinite lived brand asset of bai. no other impairment of goodwill or indefinite lived intangible assets was identified during the year ended december 31, 2020, and no impairment was identified in each of the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018.
sensitivity analysis - discount rate for goodwill, holding all other assumptions in the analysis constant, including the revenue and profit performance assumption, the effect of a 0.50% increase in the discount rate used to determine the fair value of the reporting units as of october 1, 2020, would not change our conclusion.
for the indefinite-lived intangible assets, holding all other assumptions in the analysis constant, including the revenue and profit performance assumption, the effect of a 0.50% increase in the discount rate used to determine the fair value of our brands and trade names as of october 1, 2020, would impact the amount of headroom over the carrying value of our brands and trade names as follows (in millions):
selected discount rate                                   discount rate increase of 0.50%
headroom percentage                        carrying value                       fair value                carrying value                          fair value brands potential impairment(1)                       $482                              $415                       $1,070                                 $948
0 - 10%                                        588                               625                        3,575                                3,693
11 - 25%                                     4,464                             5,150                        2,986                                3,492
26 - 50%                                     2,261                             2,993                       10,916                               15,867
in excess of 50%                            11,946                            19,835                        1,194                                2,130
$19,741                           $29,018                      $19,741                              $26,130
trade names potential impairment                            $-                                $-                           $-                                   $-
0 - 10%                                          1                                 1         1                             1
11 - 25%                                         -                                 -                            -                                    -
26 - 50%                                         -                                 -                            -                                    -
in excess of 50%                             2,479                             6,990                        2,479                                6,420
$2,480                            $6,991                       $2,480                               $6,421
(1)the amounts listed in the selected discount rate columns represent the carrying value of bai as of the october 1, 2020 measurement date, prior to the $67 million impairment recorded during the fourth quarter of 2020.
sensitivity analysis - long-term growth rate for goodwill, holding all other assumptions in the analysis constant, including the discrete period revenue and profit performance assumptions as well as the discount rates, the effect of a 0.50% decrease in the long-term growth rate used to determine the fair value of the reporting units as of october 1, 2020, would not change our conclusion.
for the indefinite-lived intangible assets, holding all other assumptions in the analysis constant, including the discrete period revenue and profit performance assumptions as well as the discount rates, the effect of a 0.50% decrease in the long-term revenue growth rate used to determine the fair value of our brands and trade names as of october 1, 2020, would impact the amount of headroom over the carrying value of our brands and trade names as follows (in millions):
selected long-term growth rate                                 long-term growth rate decrease of 0.50%
headroom percentage                        carrying value                          fair value                carrying value                                fair value brands potential impairment(1)                       $482                                 $415                       $1,070                                      $968
0 - 10%                                        588                                  625                        3,603                                     3,805
11 - 25%                                     4,464                                5,150                        2,644                                     3,142
26 - 50%                                     2,261                                2,993                        3,060                                     4,269
in excess of 50%                            11,946                               19,835                        9,364                                    14,570
$19,741                              $29,018                      $19,741                                   $26,754
trade names potential impairment                            $-                                   $-                           $-                                        $-
0 - 10%                                          1                                    1         1                             1
11 - 25%                                         -                                    -                            -                                         -
26 - 50%                                         -                                    -                            -                                         -
in excess of 50%                             2,479                                6,990                        2,479                                     6,540
$2,480                               $6,991                       $2,480                                    $6,541
(1)the amounts listed in the selected long-term growth rate columns represent the carrying value of bai as of the october 1, 2020 measurement date, prior to the $67 million impairment recorded during the fourth quarter of 2020.
revenue recognition we recognize revenue when performance obligations under the terms of a contract with the customer are satisfied. accruals for customer incentives, sales returns and marketing programs are established for the expected payout based on contractual terms, volume-based metrics and/or historical trends.
our customer incentives, sales returns and marketing accrual methodology contains uncertainties because it requires management to make assumptions and to apply judgment regarding our contractual terms in order to estimate our customer participation and volume performance levels which impact the expense recognition. our estimates are based primarily on a combination of known or historical transaction experiences. differences between estimated expenses and actual costs are normally insignificant and are recognized to earnings in the period differences are determined.
additionally, judgment is required to ensure the classification of the spend is correctly recorded as either a reduction from gross sales or advertising and marketing expense, which is a component of our sg&a expenses.
a 10% change in the accrual for our customer incentives, sales returns and marketing programs would have affected our income from operations by $38 million for the year ended december 31, 2020.
income taxes we establish income tax liabilities to remove some or all of the income tax benefit of any of our income tax positions based upon one of the following:
•the tax position is not "more likely than not" to be sustained,
•the tax position is "more likely than not" to be sustained, but for a lesser amount, or
•the tax position is "more likely than not" to be sustained, but not in the financial period in which the tax position was originally taken.
our liability for uncertain tax positions contains uncertainties because management is required to make assumptions and to apply judgment to estimate the exposures associated with our various tax positions.
our income tax returns, like those of most companies, are periodically audited by domestic and foreign tax authorities. these audits include questions regarding our tax positions, including the timing and amount of deductions and the allocation of income among various tax jurisdictions. as these audits progress, events may occur that cause us to change our liability for uncertain tax positions. to the extent we prevail in matters for which a liability for uncertain tax positions has been established, or are required to pay amounts in excess of our established liability, our effective tax rate in a given financial statement period could be materially affected. an unfavorable tax settlement generally would require use of our cash and may result in an increase in our effective tax rate in the period of resolution. a favorable tax settlement may be recognized as a reduction in our effective tax rate in the period of resolution.
we also assess the likelihood of realizing our deferred tax assets. valuation allowances reduce deferred tax assets to the amount more likely than not to be realized. we base our judgment of the recoverability of our deferred tax assets primarily on historical earnings, our estimate of current and expected future earnings and prudent and feasible tax planning strategies.
if results differ from our assumptions, a valuation allowance against deferred tax assets may be increased or decreased which would impact our effective tax rate.
business combinations we record acquisitions using the purchase method of accounting. all of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed are recorded at fair value as of the acquisition date. the excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair values of the net tangible and intangible assets acquired is recorded as goodwill.
the application of the purchase method of accounting for business combinations requires management to make significant estimates and assumptions in the determination of the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, in order to properly allocate purchase price consideration between assets that are depreciated and amortized from goodwill. the fair value assigned to tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed are based on management's estimates and assumptions, as well as other information compiled by management, including valuations that utilize customary valuation procedures and techniques. significant assumptions and estimates include, but are not limited to, the cash flows that an asset is expected to generate in the future, the appropriate weighted-average cost of capital, and the cost savings expected to be derived from acquiring an asset, if applicable.
if the actual results differ from the estimates and judgments used in these estimates, the amounts recorded in the consolidated financial statements may be exposed to potential impairment of the intangible assets and goodwill, as discussed in the goodwill and other indefinite lived intangible assets critical accounting estimate section above.
off-balance sheet arrangements distribution rights associated with residual value guarantee on december 28, 2020, one of our third-party bottlers sold their manufacturing and distribution rights to veyron spe. subsequently, we entered into a distribution arrangement with veyron spe, which provided us access to distribute certain csd beverages, such as canada dry, 7up and a&w in a number of counties in new york and new jersey in exchange for a fixed service fee and a residual value guarantee. as a result of the residual value guarantee, veyron spe was determined to be a vie; however, we did not consolidate the vie as we were not the primary beneficiary. since the agreement provided us immediate distribution access without reacquiring ownership of the distribution rights asset and includes a guarantee on the assets of veyron spe, we believe this is an off-balance sheet arrangement. revenues and expenses related to the arrangement for the year ended december 31, 2020 were not significant. refer to note 16 of the notes to our consolidated financial statements for additional information.
multi-employer pension plans we currently participate, and have in the past participated, in multi-employer pension plans in the u.s. if, in the future, we choose to withdraw from participation in one of these plans, or we are deemed to have withdrawn from any of the multi-employer pension plans in which we currently participate or have participated in the past, the plan will assess us a withdrawal liability for exiting the plan, and u.s. gaap would require us to record the withdrawal charge as an expense in our consolidated statements of income and as a liability on our consolidated balance sheets once the multi-employer pension withdrawal charge is probable and estimable. refer to note 10 of the notes to our consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding our multi-employer pension plans.
there are no other off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future material effect on our results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources other than letters of credit outstanding. refer to note 3 of the notes to our consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding outstanding letters of credit.
effect of recent accounting pronouncements refer to note 2 of the notes to our consolidated financial statements for a discussion of recently issued accounting standards and recently adopted provisions of u.s. gaap.
supplemental guarantor financial information the notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by certain of our direct and indirect subsidiaries (the "guarantors"), as defined in the indentures governing the notes. the guarantors are 100% owned either directly or indirectly by us and jointly and severally guarantee, subject to the release provisions described below, our obligations under the notes. none of our subsidiaries organized outside of the u.s., immaterial subsidiaries used for charitable purposes, any of the subsidiaries held by maple parent holdings corp. prior to the dps merger or any of the subsidiaries acquired after the dps merger (collectively, the "non-guarantors") guarantee the notes. the subsidiary guarantees with respect to the notes are subject to release upon the occurrence of certain events, including the sale of all or substantially all of a subsidiary's assets, the release of the subsidiary's guarantee of our other indebtedness, our exercise of the legal defeasance option with respect to the notes and the discharge of our obligations under the applicable indenture.
the following schedules present the summarized financial information for the parent and the guarantors on a combined basis after intercompany eliminations; the parent and the guarantors' amounts due from; amounts due to, and transactions with non-guarantors are disclosed separately. the consolidating schedules are provided in accordance with the reporting requirements of rule 13-01 under sec regulation s-x for the issuer and guarantor subsidiaries.
the summarized financial information for the parent and guarantors were as follows:
(in millions)                                for the year ended december 31, 2020
net sales                                                   $6,636
income from operations                                       1,262
net income attributable to kdp                               1,325
(in millions)                     december 31, 2020       december 31, 2019
current assets(1)                    $1,810                  $1,404
non-current assets                   43,333                  43,501
current liabilities(2)               $5,148                  $3,942
non-current liabilities              16,164                  17,707
(1)includes $423 million and $241 million of current intercompany receivables due to the parent and guarantors from the non-guarantors as of december 31, 2020 and december 31, 2019, respectively.
(2)includes $30 million and $20 million of current intercompany payables due to the non-guarantors from the parent and guarantors as of december 31, 2020 and december 31, 2019, respectively.
non-gaap financial measures to supplement the consolidated financial statements presented in accordance with u.s. gaap, we have presented for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019 (i) adjusted income from operations, (ii) adjusted interest expense, (iii) adjusted provision for income taxes, (iv) adjusted net income attributable to kdp and (v) adjusted diluted eps, which are considered non-gaap financial measures. the non-gaap financial measures provided should be viewed in addition to, and not as an alternative for, results prepared in accordance with u.s. gaap. the non-gaap financial measures presented may differ from similarly titled non-gaap financial measures presented by other companies, and other companies may not define these non-gaap financial measures in the same way. the adjusted measures are not substitutes for their comparable u.s. gaap financial measures, such as income from operations, net income, diluted eps, or other measures prescribed by u.s. gaap, and there are limitations to using non-gaap financial measures.
for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019, we define our adjusted non-gaap financial measures as certain financial statement captions and metrics adjusted for certain items affecting comparability. the items affecting comparability are defined below.
items affecting comparability:
defined as certain items that are excluded for comparison to the prior year, adjusted for the tax impact as applicable. tax impact is determined based upon an approximate rate for each item. for each year, management adjusts for (i) the unrealized mark-to-market impact of derivative instruments not designated as hedges in accordance with u.s. gaap and do not have an offsetting risk reflected within the financial results; (ii) the amortization associated with definite-lived intangible assets; (iii) the amortization of the deferred financing costs associated with the dps merger and the keurig acquisition; (iv) the amortization of the fair value adjustment of the senior unsecured notes obtained as a result of the dps merger; (v) stock compensation expense attributable to the matching awards made to employees who made an initial investment in the eop, the 2009 incentive plan or the 2019 incentive plan; and (vi) other certain items that are excluded for comparison purposes to the prior year.
for the year ended december 31, 2020, the other certain items excluded for comparison purposes include (i) restructuring and integration expenses related to significant business combinations; (ii) productivity expenses; (iii) costs related to significant non-routine legal matters; (iv) the loss on early extinguishment of debt related to the redemption of debt; (v) incremental temporary costs to our operations related to risks associated with the covid-19 pandemic; (vi) impairment recognized on the equity method investments with bedford and lifefuels; and (vii) impairment recognized on the bai brand.
incremental costs to our operations related to risks associated with the covid-19 pandemic include incremental expenses incurred to either maintain the health and safety of our front-line employees or temporarily increase compensation to such employees to ensure essential operations continue during the pandemic. we believe removing these costs reflects how management views our business results on a consistent basis. see impact of covid-19 on our financial statements for further information.
for the year ended december 31, 2019, the other certain items excluded for comparison purposes include (i) restructuring and integration expenses related to significant business combinations; (ii) productivity expenses; (iii) transaction costs for significant business combinations (completed or abandoned) excluding the dps merger; (iv) costs related to significant non-routine legal matters; (v) the impact of the step-up of acquired inventory not associated with the dps merger; (vi) the loss on early extinguishment of debt related to the redemption of debt and (vii) the loss related to the february 2019 organized malware attack on our business operation networks in the coffee systems segment.
for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019, the supplemental financial data set forth below includes reconciliations of adjusted income from operations, adjusted net income and adjusted diluted eps to the applicable financial measure presented in the consolidated financial statement for the same year.
keurig dr pepper inc.
reconciliation of certain reported items to certain non-gaap adjusted items for the year ended december 31, 2020
(unaudited, in millions, except per share data)
cost of sales                       gross profit                  gross margin       selling, general and administrative expenses   impairment of intangible assets                      income from operations                 operating margin reported                                           $5,132                             $6,486                          55.8      %                            $3,978                    $67                                                        $2,480                               21.3       %
items affecting comparability:
mark to market                            33                                            (33)                                                                    (5)                    -                                                            (28)
amortization of intangibles                        -                                       -                                                                  (133)                    -                                                             133
stock compensation                                 -                                       -                                                                   (27)                    -                                                              27
restructuring and integration costs                -                                       -                                                                  (199)                    -                                                             199
productivity                                       (29)                                   29                                                                   (99)                    -                                                             128
impairment of intangible assets                    -                                       -                                                                      -                    (67)                                                           67
non-routine legal matters                          -                                       -                                                                   (57)                    -                                                              57
covid-19                                           (44)                                   44                                                                   (84)                    -                                                             128
adjusted                                           $5,092                             $6,526                          56.2      %                            $3,374                    $-                                                         $3,191                               27.5       %
interest expense        impairment on investments and note receivable         loss on early extinguishment of debt                       income before provision for income taxes                provision for income taxes                  effective tax rate                 net income        weighted average diluted shares                diluted earnings per share reported                                           $604                    $102                                                  $4                                                                           $1,753                                           $428                                  24.4        %               $1,325                                      1,422.1                          $0.93
items affecting comparability:
mark to market                                     (27)                    -                                                     -                                                                               (1)                                            (1)                                                                   -                                                                           -
amortization of intangibles                        -                       -                                                     -                                                                               133                                             35                                                                  98                                                                        0.07
amortization of deferred financing costs           (11)                    -                                                     -                                                                                11                                              3                                                                   8                                                                        0.01
amortization of fair value debt adjustment         (24)                    -                                                     -                                                                                24                                              6                                                                  18                                                                        0.01
stock compensation                                 -                       -                                                     -                                                                                27                                              5                                                                  22                                                                        0.02
restructuring and integration costs                -                       -                                                     -                                                                               199                                             49                                                                 150                                                                        0.11
productivity                                       -                       -                                                     -                                                                               128                                             33                                                                  95                                                                        0.07
impairment on intangible asset                     -                                                                             -                                                                                67                                             15                                                                  52                                                                        0.04
loss on early extinguishment of debt               -                       -                                                     (4)                                                                               4                                              1                                                                   3                                                                           -
investment impairment                              -                       (102)                                                 -                                                                               102                                             25                                                                  77                                                                        0.05
non-routine legal matters                          -                       -                                                     -                                                                                57                                             14                                                                  43                                                                        0.03
covid-19                                           -                       -                                                     -                                                                               128                                             31                                                                  97                                                                        0.07
adjusted                                           $542                    $-                                                    $-                                                                           $2,632                                           $644                                  24.5        %               $1,988                                      1,422.1                          $1.40
diluted eps may not foot due to rounding.
keurig dr pepper inc.
reconciliation of certain reported items to certain non-gaap adjusted items for the year ended december 31, 2019
(unaudited, in millions, except per share data)
cost of sales                  gross profit                  gross margin                selling, general and administrative expenses   other operating (income) expense, net                      income from operations                 operating margin reported                                                $4,778                        $6,342                          57.0      %                                     $3,962                    $2                                                               $2,378                               21.4       %
items affecting comparability:
mark to market                            35                                            (35)                                                                              10                    -                                                                  (45)
amortization of intangibles                                  -                             -                                                                           (126)                    -                                                                   126
stock compensation                                           -                             -                                                                            (24)                    -                                                                    24
restructuring and integration costs                        (1)                             1                                                                           (216)                    (25)                                                                242
productivity                                              (15)                            15                                                                            (60)                    (22)                                                                 97
transaction costs                                            -                             -                                                                             (9)                    -                                                                     9
non-routine legal matters                                    -                             -                                                                            (48)                    -                                                                    48
inventory step-up                                          (3)                             3                                                                               -                    -                                                                     3
malware incident                                           (2)                             2                                                                             (6)                    -                                                                     8
adjusted                                                $4,792                        $6,328                          56.9      %                                     $3,483                    $(45)                                                            $2,890                               26.0       %
interest expense        loss on early extinguishment of debt                       income before provision for income taxes                provision for income taxes                  effective tax rate                 net income        weighted average diluted shares                diluted earnings per share reported                                           $654                    $11                                                                          $1,694                                           $440                                  26.0        %               $1,254                                      1,419.1                          $0.88
items affecting comparability:
mark to market                                     (47)                    -                                                                                 2                                            (1)                                                                   3                                                                           -
amortization of intangibles                        -                       -                                                                               126                                             34                                                                  92                                                                        0.06
amortization of deferred financing costs           (13)                    -                                                                                13                                              4                                                                   9                                                                        0.01
amortization of fair value debt adjustment         (26)                    -                                                                                26                                              6                                                                  20                                                                        0.01
stock compensation                                 -                       -                                                                                24                                              6                                                                  18                                                                        0.01
restructuring and integration costs                1                       -                                                                               241                                             55                                                                 186                                                                        0.13
productivity                                       -                       -                                                                                97                                             24                                                                  73                                                                        0.05
transaction costs                                  (16)                    -                                                                                25                                              7                                                                  18                                                                        0.01
loss on early extinguishment of debt               -                       (11)                                                                             11                                              2                                                                   9                                                                        0.01
non-routine legal matters                          -                       -                                                                                48                                             11                                                                  37                                                                                   0.02
inventory step-up                                  -                       -                                                                                 3                                              1                                                                   2                                                                           -
malware incident                                   -                       -                                                                                 8                                              2                                                                   6                                                                           -
adjusted                                           $553                    $-                                                                           $2,318                                           $591                                  25.5        %               $1,727                                      1,419.1                          $1.22
diluted eps may not foot due to rounding.
keurig dr pepper inc.
reconciliation of segment items to certain non-gaap adjusted segment items
(unaudited)
(in millions)                                      reported                items affecting comparability                  adjusted for the year ended december 31, 2020
income from operations coffee systems                                  $1,268                                  $246                           $1,514
packaged beverages                                 822                                   199                            1,021
beverage concentrates                              932                                     6                              938
latin america beverages                            105                                     3                              108
unallocated corporate costs                      (647)                                   257                            (390)
total income from operations                    $2,480                                  $711                           $3,191
(in millions)                                      reported                items affecting comparability                  adjusted for the year ended december 31, 2019
income from operations coffee systems                                  $1,219                                  $184                           $1,403
packaged beverages                                 757                                    26                              783
beverage concentrates                              955                                     2                              957
latin america beverages                             85                                   (3)                               82
unallocated corporate costs                      (638)                                   303                            (335)
total income from operations                    $2,378                                  $512                           $2,890
