item 1a.  risk factors as a financial services organization, we are subject to a number of risks inherent in our transactions and present in the business decisions we make. described below are the primary risks and uncertainties that if realized could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows, and our access to liquidity. the risks and uncertainties described below are not the only risks we face.
our erm program incorporates risk management throughout our organization to identify, understand, and manage the risks presented by our business activities. our erm program identifies key's major risk categories as: credit risk, compliance risk, operational risk, liquidity risk, market risk, reputation risk, strategic risk, and model risk. these risk factors, and other risks we may face, are discussed in more detail in other sections of this report.
i.  credit risk we have concentrated credit exposure in commercial and industrial loans, commercial real estate loans, and commercial leases.
as of december 31, 2020, approximately 71% of our loan portfolio consisted of commercial and industrial loans, commercial real estate loans, including commercial mortgage and construction loans, and commercial leases. these types of loans are typically larger than single family residential real estate loans and other types of consumer loans and have a different risk profile. the deterioration of a larger loan or a group of loans in this category could cause an increase in nonperforming loans, which could result in lower earnings from these loans, additional provision for loan and lease losses, and ultimately an increase in loan losses.
should the fundamentals of the commercial real estate market deteriorate, our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.
the strong recovery in commercial real estate over the past several years, in particular the multifamily property sector, has contributed to a surge in investment and development activity. while the covid-19 pandemic has impacted the commercial real estate market, property values have remained relatively stable. development and construction continue, but at muted levels, and deliveries of additional units into the market have been supported. oversupply is a concern in certain urban and gateway markets. however, our exposures in those markets are limited. the most severely impacted commercial real estate segments have been in hospitality and retail. however, monthly collections have improved. key's office and retail exposures are 6% of our total commercial real estate exposure. substantial deterioration in property market fundamentals could negatively impact our portfolio, with a large portion of our clients active in real estate but in the higher performing multifamily space. a correction in the real estate markets could impact the ability of borrowers to make debt service payments on loans or to refinance the loans at maturity. a relatively small portion of our commercial real estate loans are construction loans. new construction and value-add or rehabilitation construction projects are not fully leased at loan origination. these properties typically require additional leasing through the life of the loan to provide cash flow to support debt service payments. if property market fundamentals deteriorate sharply, performance under existing leases could deteriorate and the execution of new leases could slow, compromising the borrower's ability to cover debt service payments.
we are subject to the risk of defaults by our loan counterparties and clients.
many of our routine transactions expose us to credit risk in the event of default of our counterparty or client. our credit risk may be exacerbated when the collateral held cannot be realized upon or is liquidated at prices insufficient to recover the full amount of the loan or derivative exposure due to us. in deciding whether to extend credit or enter into other transactions, we may rely on information furnished by or on behalf of counterparties and clients, including financial statements, credit reports and other information. we may also rely on representations of those counterparties, clients, or other third parties as to the accuracy and completeness of that information. the inaccuracy of that information or those representations affects our ability to accurately evaluate the default risk of a counterparty or client. given the dodd-frank legislative mandate to centrally clear eligible derivative contracts, we rely on central clearing counterparties to remain open and operationally viable at all times. the possibility of a large member failure or a cybersecurity breach could result in a counterparty or client disruption.
various factors may cause our allowance for loan and lease losses to increase.
we maintain an alll (a reserve established through a provision for loan and lease losses charged to expense) that represents our estimate of losses based on our evaluation of risks within our existing portfolio of loans. the level of the allowance at december 31, 2020 represents management's estimate of expected credit losses over the contractual life of our existing loan portfolio. the determination of the appropriate level of the alll inherently involves a degree of subjectivity and requires that we make significant estimates of current credit risks and current trends and reasonable and supportable forecasts of future economic conditions, all of which may undergo frequent and material changes. changes in economic conditions affecting borrowers, the softening of certain macroeconomic variables that we are more susceptible to, such as gdp, unemployment, corporate bond rates, household income, 30 year mortgage rates and real estate values, along with new information regarding existing loans, identification of additional problem loans and other factors, both within and outside of our control, may indicate the need for an increase in the alll.
declining asset prices could adversely affect us.
during the great recession, the volatility and disruption that the capital and credit markets experienced reached extreme levels. this severe market disruption led to the failure of several substantial financial institutions, which caused the credit markets to constrict and caused a widespread liquidation of assets. these asset sales, along with asset sales by other leveraged investors, including some hedge funds, rapidly drove down prices and valuations across a wide variety of traded asset classes. asset price deterioration has a negative effect on the valuation of certain of the asset categories represented on our balance sheet and reduces our ability to sell assets at prices we deem acceptable. the current recession has not had significant impacts on collateral value, continued recessionary pressures could reverse recent stable trends in asset prices.
the covid-19 global pandemic could result in a deterioration of asset quality and an increase in credit losses.
the global pandemic has shut down large portions of the u.s. economy and has negatively impacted many of our customers. as a result, many businesses have or will have lower revenues and many consumers will have lower income. this negative impact on customers' cash flow could result in their inability to repay loans which could have a negative impact on our asset quality. although the rating degradation to date has stabilized, many customers have requested and have been granted hardship relief in the form of payment deferrals and modifications as well as loans through the cares act. if customers are unable to repay their loans in a timely manner following hardship relief, it could result in further deterioration of asset quality, an increase in delinquency, some reversal of accrued interest income, and some increase in loan losses. as a result, we increased our loan loss reserve in the first, second and third quarters of 2020. the continued impact of the pandemic could result in a further increase to our loan loss reserve.
oil prices have declined significantly, which could lead to increased credit losses in our oil and gas loan portfolio.
the oil market faced a drop-off in demand due to the impact of the covid-19 global pandemic on much of the global economy. the decline in demand coupled with insufficient storage capacity for oil caused oil prices to decline significantly. as a result, some oil companies began to halt production and associated exploration in 2020. while oil prices have recovered from their low point in 2020, the oil and gas sector continues to suffer from low oil prices and as a result, companies in that sector will have lower revenues and cash flows. some oil companies have been forced to seek bankruptcy protection as well. our oil and gas loan portfolio represented only 2.8% of our total commercial loan portfolio at december 31, 2020, and our exposure is primarily reserve-based, with approximately half tied to natural gas which has shown better price performance. however, even with our limited exposure, the negative impact of low oil prices could result in increased credit losses.
ii.  compliance risk we are subject to extensive government regulation, supervision, and tax legislation.
as a financial services institution, we are subject to extensive federal and state regulation, supervision, and tax legislation. banking regulations are primarily intended to protect depositors' funds, the dif, consumers, taxpayers, and the banking system as a whole, not our debtholders or shareholders. these regulations increase our costs and affect our lending practices, capital structure, investment practices, dividend policy, ability to repurchase our common shares, and growth, among other things.
keybank and keycorp remain covered institutions under the dodd-frank act's heightened prudential standards and regulations, including its provisions designed to protect consumers from financial abuse. like similarly situated institutions, key undergoes routine scrutiny from bank supervisors in the examination process and is subject to enforcement of regulations at the federal and state levels, particularly with respect to consumer banking-related practices as well as compliance with aml, bsa and office of foreign assets control efforts. federal rulemaking bodies continue to pass new, or modifications to, significant regulations with upcoming effective dates. there has also been an increase in state legislative activity, particularly in areas such as student lending and privacy. as new privacy-related laws and regulations, such as the california consumer privacy act, are implemented in jurisdictions in which keybank operates, the time and resources needed for us to comply with such laws and regulations, as well as our potential liability for noncompliance and reporting obligations in the case of data breaches, may significantly increase. compliance with these laws and regulations may require us to change our policies, procedures, and technology for information security and segregation of data, which could, among other things, make us more vulnerable to operational failures, and subject us to monetary penalties for breach of such laws and regulations. as a result, some uncertainty remains as to the aggregate impact upon key of significant regulations.
changes to existing statutes and regulations, and taxes (including industry-specific taxes and surcharges), or their interpretation or implementation could affect us in substantial and unpredictable ways. these changes may subject us to additional costs and increase our litigation risk should we fail to appropriately comply. such changes may also impact consumer behavior, limit the types of financial services and products we may offer, affect the investments we make, and change the manner in which we operate.
certain federal regulations have been in existence for decades without modification to account for modern banking practices, such as digital delivery of products and services, which can create challenges in execution and in the examination process. emerging technologies, such as cryptocurrencies, could limit keybank's ability to track the movement of funds. keybank's ability to comply with bsa/aml and other regulations is dependent on its ability to improve detection and reporting capabilities and reduce variation in control processes and oversight accountability.
additionally, federal banking law grants substantial enforcement powers to federal banking regulators. this enforcement authority includes, among other things, the ability to assess civil money penalties, fines, or restitution, to issue cease and desist or removal orders, and to initiate injunctive actions against banking organizations and affiliated parties. these enforcement actions may be initiated for violations of laws and regulations, for practices determined to be unsafe or unsound, or for practices or acts that are determined to be unfair, deceptive, or abusive. failure to comply with these and other regulations, and supervisory expectations related thereto, may result in fines, penalties, lawsuits, regulatory sanctions, reputational damage, or restrictions on our business.
for more information, see "supervision and regulation" in item 1 of this report.
changes in accounting policies, standards, and interpretations could materially affect how we report our financial condition and results of operations.
the fasb periodically changes the financial accounting and reporting standards governing the preparation of key's financial statements. additionally, those bodies that establish and/or interpret the financial accounting and reporting standards (such as the fasb, sec, and banking regulators) may change prior interpretations or positions on how these standards should be applied. these changes can be difficult to predict and can materially affect how key records and reports its financial condition and results of operations. in some cases, key could be required to retroactively apply a new or revised standard, resulting in changes to previously reported financial results.
iii.  operational risk we are subject to a variety of operational risks.
in addition to the other risks discussed in this section, we are subject to operational risk, which represents the risk of loss resulting from human error, inadequate or failed internal processes, internal controls, systems, and external events. operational risk includes the risk of fraud by employees or others outside of key, clerical and record-keeping errors, nonperformance by vendors, threats from cyber activity, and computer/telecommunications malfunctions. fraudulent activity has escalated, become more sophisticated, and is ever evolving as there are more options to access financial services. for instance, in our form 8-k filed july 16, 2019, we disclosed that on or about july 9, 2019, we discovered fraudulent activity associated with transactions conducted in the third quarter of 2019 by a business customer of keybank. this fraudulent activity resulted in $139 million of net loan charge-offs in 2019. operational risk also encompasses compliance and legal risk, which is the risk of loss from violations of, or noncompliance with, laws, rules, regulations, prescribed practices, or ethical standards, as well as the risk of our noncompliance with contractual and other obligations. we are also exposed to operational risk through our outsourcing arrangements, and the effect that changes in circumstances or capabilities of our outsourcing vendors can have on our ability to continue to perform operational functions necessary to our business, such as certain loan processing functions. for example, breakdowns or failures of our vendors' systems or employees could be a source of operational risk to us. resulting losses from operational risk could take the form of explicit charges, increased operational costs (including remediation costs), harm to our reputation, inability to secure insurance, litigation, regulatory intervention or sanctions, or foregone business opportunities.
our information systems may experience an interruption or breach in security.
we rely heavily on communications, information systems (both internal and provided by third parties), and the internet to conduct our business. our business is dependent on our ability to process and monitor large numbers of daily transactions in compliance with legal, regulatory, and internal standards and specifications. in addition, a significant portion of our operations relies heavily on the secure processing, storage, and transmission of personal and confidential information, such as the personal information of our customers and clients. these risks may increase in the future as we continue to increase mobile payments and other internet-based product offerings, expand our internal usage of web/cloud-based products and applications, and maintain and develop new relationships with third and fourth party providers. in addition, our ability to extend protections to customers' information to individual customer devices is limited, especially if the customers willingly provide third parties access to their devices or information.
in the event of a failure, interruption, or breach of our information systems or that of a third party that provides services to us or our customers, we may be unable to avoid impact to our customers. such a failure, interruption, or breach could result in legal liability, remediation costs, regulatory action, or reputational harm. other u.s. financial service institutions and companies have reported breaches, some severe, in the security of their websites or other systems and several financial institutions, including key, experienced significant distributed denial-of-service attacks, some of which involved sophisticated and targeted attacks intended to disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems. other attacks have attempted to obtain unauthorized access to confidential information, hold for ransom, or alter or destroy data, often through the introduction of computer viruses or malware, phishing, cyberattacks, credential stuffing, and other means. in 2020, many companies and u.s. government organizations were victims of a sophisticated and targeted supply chain attack on the solarwinds orion software. while key does not utilize the solarwinds software products, some of our vendors do. to the extent that we use third parties to provide services to our clients, we seek to minimize the risk by performing due diligence and monitoring the third party, but we cannot control all of the risks at these third parties. should an adverse event affecting another company's systems occur, we may not have indemnification or other protection from the other company sufficient to fully compensate us or otherwise protect us or our clients from the consequences.
in addition, our customers routinely use key-issued credit and debit cards to pay for transactions conducted with businesses in person and over the internet. if the business's systems that process or store debit or credit card information experience a security breach, our card holders may experience fraud on their card accounts. we may suffer losses associated with such fraudulent transactions, as well as for other costs, such as replacing impacted cards. key also provides card transaction processing services to some merchant customers under agreements we have with payment networks such as mastercard. under these agreements, we may be responsible for certain losses and penalties if one of our merchant customers suffers a data breach.
we also face risks related to the increasing interdependence and interconnectivity of financial entities and technology systems. a technology failure, cyberattack or other security breach that significantly compromises the systems of one or more financial parties or service providers could have a material impact on counterparties or market participants, including us. any third-party technology failure, cyberattack, or security breach could adversely affect our ability to effect transactions, service clients, or otherwise operate our business.
to date, none of these efforts have had a material adverse effect on our business or operations or resulted in any material disruption of our operations or material harm to our customers. such security attacks can originate from a wide variety of sources/malicious actors, including, but not limited to, persons who constitute an insider threat, who are involved with organized crime, or who may be linked to terrorist organizations or hostile foreign governments. those same parties may also attempt to fraudulently induce employees, customers, or other users of our systems to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access to our data or that of our customers or clients through social engineering, phishing, and other methods. our security systems may not be able to protect our information systems from similar attacks due to the rapid evolution and creation of sophisticated cyberattacks. we are also subject to the risk that a malicious actor or our employees may intercept and/or transmit or otherwise misuse unauthorized confidential or proprietary information. an interception, misuse, or mishandling of personal, confidential, or proprietary information being sent to or received from a customer or third party could result in legal liability, remediation costs, regulatory action, and reputational harm. over the last few years, several large companies have disclosed that they suffered substantial data security breaches, compromising millions of user accounts and credentials. to date, our losses and costs related to these breaches have not been material, but other similar events in the future could have a significant impact on us.
we have incurred and will continue to incur significant expense in an effort to improve the reliability of our systems and their security against external and internal threats. nonetheless, there remains the risk that one or more adverse events might occur. if one does occur, we might not be able to remediate the event or its consequences timely or adequately. while we do maintain information security risk insurance, losses from a major interruption may exceed our coverage.
we rely on third parties to perform significant operational services for us.
third parties perform significant operational services on our behalf. additionally, some of our third parties outsource aspects of their operations to other third parties (commonly referred to as "fourth parties"). these parties are subject to similar risks as key relating to cybersecurity and breakdowns or failures of their own systems, internal processes and controls, or employees. one or more of these third parties may experience a cybersecurity event or operational disruption and, if any such event does occur, it may not be adequately addressed, either operationally or financially, by such third party. certain of these third parties may have limited indemnification obligations or may not have the financial capacity to satisfy their indemnification obligations. financial or operational difficulties of a third party could also impair our operations if those difficulties interfere with such third party's ability to serve us. additionally, some of our outsourcing arrangements are located overseas and, therefore, are subject to risks unique to the regions in which they operate. if a critical third party is unable to meet our needs in a timely manner or if the services or products provided by such third party are terminated or otherwise delayed and if we are not able to identify or develop alternative sources for these services and products quickly and cost-effectively, it could have a material adverse effect on our business. additionally, regulatory guidance adopted by federal banking regulators related to how banks select, engage, and manage their third parties affects the circumstances and conditions under which we work with third parties and the cost of managing such relationships.
we are subject to claims and litigation, which could result in significant financial liability and/or reputational risk.
from time to time, customers, vendors, or other parties may make claims and take legal action against us. we maintain reserves for certain claims when deemed appropriate based upon our assessment that a loss is probable, estimable, and consistent with applicable accounting guidance. at any given time, we have a variety of legal actions asserted against us in various stages of litigation. resolution of a legal action can often take years. whether any particular claims and legal actions are founded or unfounded, if such claims and legal actions are not resolved in our favor, they may result in significant financial liability and adversely affect how the market perceives us and our products and services as well as impact customer demand for those products and services.
we are also involved, from time to time, in other reviews, investigations, and proceedings (both formal and informal) by governmental and self-regulatory agencies regarding our business, including, among other things, accounting, compliance, and operational matters, certain of which may result in adverse judgments, settlements, fines, penalties, injunctions, or other relief. the number and risk of these investigations and proceedings has increased in recent years in the financial services industry due to legal changes to the consumer protection laws provided for by the dodd-frank act and the creation of the cfpb.
our controls and procedures may fail or be circumvented, and our methods of reducing risk exposure may not be effective.
we regularly review and update our internal controls, disclosure controls and procedures, and corporate governance policies and procedures. we also maintain an erm program designed to identify, measure, monitor, report, and analyze our risks. additionally, our internal audit function provides an independent assessment and testing of key's internal controls, policies, and procedures. any system of controls and any system to reduce risk exposure, however well designed, operated, and tested, is based in part on certain assumptions and can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurances that the objectives of the system are met. the systems may not work as intended or be circumvented by employees, third parties, or others outside of key. additionally, instruments, systems, and strategies used to hedge or otherwise manage exposure to various types of market compliance, credit, liquidity, operational, and business risks and enterprise-wide risk could be less effective than anticipated. as a result, we may not be able to effectively or fully mitigate our risk exposures in particular market environments or against particular types of risk.
climate change, severe weather, global pandemics, natural disasters, acts of war or terrorism, and other external events could significantly impact our business.
natural disasters, including severe weather events of increasing strength and frequency due to climate change, acts of war or terrorism, global pandemics, and other adverse external events could have a significant impact on our ability to conduct business or upon third parties who perform operational services for us. such events could affect the stability of our deposit base, impair the ability of borrowers to repay outstanding loans, impair the value of collateral securing our loans, cause significant property damage, result in lost revenue, or cause us to incur additional expenses.
additionally, potential future shutdowns of portions of the federal government could negatively impact the financial performance of certain customers and could negatively impact customers' future access to certain loan and guaranty programs.
the covid-19 global pandemic has resulted in increased operational risks.
the covid-19 pandemic has resulted in heightened operational risks. much of our workforce has been working remotely, and increased levels of remote access create additional cybersecurity risk and opportunities for cybercriminals to exploit vulnerabilities. cybercriminals may increase their attempts to compromise business emails, including an increase in phishing attempts, and fraudulent vendors or other parties may view the pandemic as an opportunity to prey upon consumers and businesses during this time. cybercriminals have also found new means of stealing identities and exploiting stolen identities during the pandemic. this has resulted in increased fraud losses to us and the financial services industry. the increase in online and remote banking activities may also increase the risk of fraud in certain instances. in addition, state and local orders and regulations regarding the conduct of in-person business operations may impact our ability to operate at normal levels and to restore operations to their pre-pandemic level for an unknown period of time. separately, our third-party service providers have also been impacted by the pandemic and we have experienced some disruption to certain services performed by vendors. to date, these disruptions have not been material and we have developed solutions to work around these disruptions, but we may experience additional disruption in the future, which could adversely impact our business.
our participation in the paycheck protection program may subject us to increased regulatory scrutiny or litigation and could result in damage to our reputation.
we provided over 43,000 loans with over $8 billion in funding and were the seventh overall lender in the ppp in 2020. the ppp and many lenders that participated in the ppp have been the subject of much publicity and regular media stories. there have been lawsuits by borrowers and purported agents against lenders related to the program, and we have been the subject of litigation related to the ppp. although such litigation has not been material to date, our participation in the program could result in increased exposure to litigation in the future. in addition, our practices and procedures related to the ppp could be scrutinized by government or regulatory agencies.
government or regulatory scrutiny or increased litigation could result in financial liability or damage to our reputation. this could also result in increased legal and compliance costs.
iv.  liquidity risk capital and liquidity requirements imposed by banking regulations require banks and bhcs to maintain more and higher quality capital and more and higher quality liquid assets.
evolving capital standards resulting from the dodd-frank act and the regulatory capital rules adopted by our regulators have had and will continue to have a significant impact on banks and bhcs, including key. for a detailed explanation of the capital and liquidity rules that became effective for us on a phased-in basis on january 1, 2015, see the section titled "regulatory capital requirements" under the heading "supervision and regulation" in item 1 of this report.
the federal reserve's capital standards require key to maintain more and higher quality capital and could limit our business activities (including lending) and our ability to expand organically or through acquisitions. they could also result in our taking steps to increase our capital that may be dilutive to shareholders or limit our ability to pay dividends or otherwise return capital to shareholders.
in addition, the liquidity standards require us to hold high-quality liquid assets, may require us to change our future mix of investment alternatives, and may impact future business relationships with certain customers. additionally, support of liquidity standards may be satisfied through the use of term wholesale borrowings, which tend to have a higher cost than that of traditional core deposits.
further, the federal reserve has detailed the processes that bhcs should maintain to ensure they hold adequate capital under severely adverse conditions and have ready access to funding before engaging in any capital activities. these rules could limit key's ability to make distributions, including paying out dividends or buying back shares. for more information, see the section titled "regulatory capital requirements" under the heading "supervision and regulation" in item 1 of this report.
recently, certain regulatory rule changes related to tailoring outlined in egrrcpa have been finalized. while marginal relief from certain capital and liquidity standards has been afforded to key (such as relief from lcr compliance), overall capital and liquidity management practices and expectations will remain unchanged for the foreseeable future. moreover, key does not anticipate significant changes to its overall liquidity and capital levels or composition as a result of the final rules. finally, additional guidance and rulemaking related to capital planning and stress testing have yet to be finalized and impacts resulting from these potential changes remain unknown.
federal agencies' actions to ensure stability of the u.s. financial system may have disruptive effects on us.
the federal government has taken unprecedented steps to provide stability to and confidence in the financial markets. for example, the federal reserve initiated a round of emergency interest rate cuts designed to mitigate some of the economic effects resulting from the pandemic. in the future, federal agencies may no longer support such initiatives. the discontinuation of such initiatives may have unanticipated or unintended impacts, perhaps severe, on the financial markets. these effects could include higher debt yields, a flatter or steeper slope to the yield curve, or unanticipated changes to quality spread premiums that may not follow historical relationships or patterns. in addition, new initiatives or legislation may not be implemented, or, if implemented, may not be adequate to counter any negative effects of discontinuing programs or, in the event of an economic downturn, to support and stabilize the economy.
we rely on dividends by our subsidiaries for most of our funds.
we are a legal entity separate and distinct from our subsidiaries. with the exception of cash that we may raise from debt and equity issuances, we receive substantially all of our funding from dividends by our subsidiaries. dividends by our subsidiaries are the principal source of funds for the dividends we pay on our common and preferred stock and interest and principal payments on our debt. federal banking law and regulations limit the amount of dividends that keybank (keycorp's largest subsidiary) can pay. for further information on the regulatory restrictions on the payment of dividends by keybank, see "supervision and regulation" in item 1 of this report.
in the event keybank is unable to pay dividends to us, we may not be able to service debt, pay obligations, or pay dividends on our common or preferred stock. such a situation could result in key losing access to alternative wholesale funding sources. in addition, our right to participate in a distribution of assets upon a subsidiary's liquidation or reorganization is subject to the prior claims of the subsidiary's creditors.
we are subject to liquidity risk, which could negatively affect our funding levels.
market conditions or other events could negatively affect our access to or the cost of funding, affecting our ongoing ability to accommodate liability maturities and deposit withdrawals, meet contractual obligations, or fund asset growth and new business initiatives at a reasonable cost, in a timely manner and without adverse consequences.
although we maintain a liquid asset portfolio and have implemented strategies to maintain sufficient and diverse sources of funding to accommodate planned as well as unanticipated changes in assets, liabilities, and off-balance sheet commitments under various economic conditions (including a reduced level of wholesale funding sources), a substantial, unexpected, or prolonged change in the level or cost of liquidity could have a material adverse effect on us. if the cost effectiveness or the availability of supply in these credit markets is reduced for a prolonged period of time, our funding needs may require us to access funding and manage liquidity by other means. these alternatives may include generating client deposits, securitizing or selling loans, extending the maturity of wholesale borrowings, borrowing under certain secured borrowing arrangements, using relationships developed with a variety of fixed income investors, and further managing loan growth and investment opportunities. these alternative means of funding may result in an increase to the overall cost of funds and may not be available under stressed conditions, which would cause us to liquidate a portion of our liquid asset portfolio to meet any funding needs.
our credit ratings affect our liquidity position.
the rating agencies regularly evaluate the securities issued by keycorp and keybank. the ratings of our long-term debt and other securities are based on a number of factors, including our financial strength, ability to generate earnings, and other factors. some of these factors are not entirely within our control, such as conditions affecting the financial services industry and the economy and changes in rating methodologies. changes in any of these factors could impact our ability to maintain our current credit ratings. a rating downgrade of the securities of keycorp or keybank could adversely affect our access to liquidity and could significantly increase our cost of funds, trigger additional collateral or funding requirements, and decrease the number of investors and counterparties willing to lend to us, reducing our ability to generate income.
the covid-19 global pandemic may continue to cause uncertainty in markets and may result in an increase in our cost of funds.
the covid-19 global pandemic has caused a great amount of uncertainty in markets, causing credit markets to seize and forcing companies, including our clients, to seek liquidity in the face of uncertain future cash flows. to the extent that clients' funds are not used as working capital and not placed on deposit with keybank, we could be faced with funding significant draws of committed lending facilities, along with requests for new facilities from our clients. clients may look to key for additional funding vehicles should the capital markets become more unstable and illiquid. as clients use deposit balances to fund their businesses, this may put funding pressure on key, which may cause us to leverage our secured funding sources or pay higher rates than normal for additional funding v.  market risk a worsening of the u.s. economy and volatile or recessionary conditions in the u.s. or abroad could negatively affect our business or our access to capital markets.
a worsening of economic and market conditions or downside shocks could result in adverse effects on key and others in the financial services industry. the prolonged low-interest rate environment, despite a generally recovering economy, has presented a challenge for the industry, including key, and affects business and financial performance.
in particular, we could face some of the following risks, and other unforeseeable risks, in connection with a downturn in the economic and market environment or in the face of downside shocks or a recession, whether in the united states or internationally:
•a loss of confidence in the financial services industry and the debt and equity markets by investors, placing pressure on the price of key's common shares or decreasing the credit or liquidity available to key;
•a decrease in consumer and business confidence levels generally, decreasing credit usage and investment or increasing delinquencies and defaults;
•a decrease in household or corporate incomes, reducing demand for key's products and services;
•a decrease in the value of collateral securing loans to key's borrowers or a decrease in the quality of key's loan portfolio, increasing loan charge-offs and reducing key's net income;
•a decrease in our ability to liquidate positions at acceptable market prices;
•the extended continuation of the current low-interest rate environment, continuing or increasing downward pressure to our net interest income;
•an increase in competition or consolidation in the financial services industry;
•increased concern over and scrutiny of the capital and liquidity levels of financial institutions generally, and those of our transaction counterparties specifically;
•a decrease in confidence in the creditworthiness of the united states or other governments whose securities we hold; and
•an increase in limitations on or the regulation of financial services companies like key.
we are subject to interest rate risk, which could adversely affect net interest income.
our earnings are largely dependent upon our net interest income. net interest income is the difference between interest income earned on interest-earning assets such as loans and securities and interest expense paid on interest-bearing liabilities such as deposits and borrowed funds. interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors that are beyond our control, including general economic conditions, the competitive environment within our markets, consumer preferences for specific loan and deposit products, and policies of various governmental and regulatory agencies, in particular, the federal reserve. changes in monetary policy, including changes in interest rate controls being applied by the federal reserve, could influence the amount of interest we receive on loans and securities, the amount of interest we pay on deposits and borrowings, our ability to originate loans and obtain deposits, and the fair value of our financial assets and liabilities. if the federal reserve raises interest rates and begins to reverse pandemic-related stimulus programs, the behavior of national money market rate indices, the correlation of consumer deposit rates to financial market interest rates, and the setting of libor rates may not follow historical relationships, which could influence net interest income and net interest margin.
moreover, if the interest we pay on deposits and other borrowings increases at a faster rate than the interest we receive on loans and other investments, net interest income, and therefore our earnings, would be adversely affected. conversely, earnings could also be adversely affected if the interest we receive on loans and other investments falls more quickly than the interest we pay on deposits and other borrowings.
uncertainty surrounding the transition from libor to an alternate reference rate may adversely affect our business.
on july 27, 2017, the chief executive of the united kingdom financial conduct authority (the "authority"), which regulates libor, announced that the authority intends to stop persuading or compelling banks to submit rates for the calculation of libor to the administrator of libor after 2021. subsequently, on november 30, 2020, ice benchmark administration (iba), the fca-regulated and authorized administrator of libor, announced that it would start a consultation process in december 2020, which was open for feedback through the end of january 2021, on its intention to cease us$ libor. iba intends that, subject to confirmation following its consultation, one-week and two-month us$ libor settings will cease at december 31, 2021, and that the us$ libor panel will cease at june 30, 2023, effectively ceasing all other us$ libor tenors. a transition away from the widespread use of libor to alternative rates is expected to occur before the end of 2021, as regulators have issued guidance indicating that new libor originations should not extend beyond december 31, 2021. although no consensus exists at this time as to what benchmark rate or rates may become accepted alternatives to libor, in the united states, the alternative reference rates committee of the federal reserve and the federal reserve bank of new york started in may 2018 to publish the secured overnight finance rate ("sofr") as an alternative to u.s. dollar libor. sofr is a broad measure of the cost of borrowing cash overnight that is collateralized by u.s. treasury securities. while sofr has been considered a likely alternative to libor, issues remain as to its implementation, and given the iba's announcement noted above, it is uncertain whether new benchmarks may evolve and a different credit sensitive benchmark could instead become the market-accepted benchmark. accordingly, whether sofr will become a market-accepted alternative to libor remains uncertain. at this time, it is not possible to predict the effect of the authority's announcement, iba's consultation, or other regulatory changes or announcements, any establishment of alternative reference rates, or any other reforms to libor that may be enacted in the united kingdom, the united states, or elsewhere. the uncertainty regarding the transition from libor to another benchmark rate or rates could have adverse impacts on floating-rate obligations, loans, deposits, derivatives, and other financial instruments that currently use libor as a benchmark rate and, ultimately, adversely affect keycorp's financial condition and results of operations. the adverse impact could take various forms and is dependent upon certain factors outside of our control such as: timing of adoption by market forces of a new widely accepted libor replacement, timing of libor cessation, and counterparty acceptance of a new reference rate for both new and existing contracts, among others. additionally, since libor and any replacement reference rate may have significantly different attributes, it is difficult to predict the amount of increased costs associated with implementing the transition to a new reference rate, including costs relative to product changes, systems changes, compliance and operational oversight costs, and legal expenses, among others.
our profitability depends upon economic conditions in the geographic regions where we have significant operations and in certain market segments in which we conduct significant business.
we have concentrations of loans and other business activities in geographic regions where our bank branches are located - washington; oregon/alaska; rocky mountains; indiana/northwest ohio/michigan; central/southwest ohio; east ohio/western pennsylvania; atlantic; western new york; eastern new york; and new england - and additional exposure to geographic regions outside of our branch footprint. economic growth in the various regions where we operate has been uneven, and the health of the overall u.s. economy may differ from the economy of any particular geographic region. adverse conditions in a geographic region such as inflation, unemployment, recession, natural disasters, or other factors beyond our control could impact the ability of borrowers in these regions to repay their loans, decrease the value of collateral securing loans made in these regions, or affect the ability of our customers in these regions to continue conducting business with us.
additionally, a significant portion of our business activities are concentrated within the commercial real estate, healthcare, and utilities market segments. the profitability of some of these market segments depends upon the health of the overall economy, seasonality, the impact of regulation, and other factors that are beyond our control and may be beyond the control of our customers in these market segments.
an economic downturn in one or more geographic regions where we conduct our business, or any significant or prolonged impact on the profitability of one or more of the market segments with which we conduct significant business activity, could adversely affect the demand for our products and services, the ability of our customers to repay loans, the value of the collateral securing loans, and the stability of our deposit funding sources.
the soundness of other financial institutions could adversely affect us.
our ability to engage in routine funding transactions could be adversely affected by the actions and commercial soundness of other financial institutions. we have exposure to many different industries and counterparties in the financial services industries, and we routinely execute transactions with such counterparties, including brokers and dealers, commercial banks, investment banks, mutual and hedge funds, insurance companies, and other institutional clients. financial services institutions are interrelated as a result of trading, clearing, counterparty, or other relationships. defaults by one or more financial services institutions have led to, and may cause, market-wide liquidity problems and losses. many of our transactions with other financial institutions expose us to credit risk in the event of default of a counterparty or client. in addition, our credit risk may be affected when the collateral held by us cannot be realized or is liquidated at prices not sufficient to recover the full amount of our loan or derivatives exposure.
less regulated and poorly capitalized non-bank financial institutions may be particularly vulnerable to asset quality deterioration as their borrower's ability to service their obligations declines amid the pandemic. this could put additional stress on traditional lenders.
the impact of the covid-19 global pandemic has resulted in economic disruption related to interest rate risk and market risk.
on march 15, 2020, the federal reserve lowered the fed funds target rate range to 0 to 25 basis points, down from 175 basis points at december 31, 2019. other short-term rates, such as libor, have declined as well due to liquidity stress in money markets. because key is positioned as modestly asset sensitive, declining interest rates will negatively impact our net interest income, assuming all loan and deposit volumes are held constant.
additionally, as it pertains to our trading activities (described in more detail in the "market risk management" section within management's discussion and analysis), in a decreasing interest rate environment, our credit valuation adjustment (cva) to derivative exposure generally increases due to the nature of our derivatives business model. the increase in derivatives exposure, combined with the credit spread widening that drives the market implied probability of default, increases our credit reserves. this increase in credit reserves had a negative impact on our earnings in the first quarter of 2020. the adverse impact of the covid-19 global pandemic also caused market disruption in certain asset classes within our fixed income business. the temporary decrease in market liquidity along with the decrease in interest rates and spread widening had a negative impact on our earnings in the first quarter of 2020.
vi.  reputation risk damage to our reputation could significantly harm our businesses.
our ability to attract and retain customers, clients, investors, and highly skilled management and employees is affected by our reputation. public perception of the financial services industry declined as a result of the great recession. we faced increased public and regulatory scrutiny resulting from the financial crisis. significant harm to our reputation can also arise from other sources, including employee misconduct, actual or perceived unethical behavior, litigation or regulatory outcomes, failing to deliver minimum or required standards of service and quality, compliance failures, disclosure of confidential information, significant or numerous failures, interruptions or breaches of our information systems, failure to meet external commitments and goals, including financial, and the activities of our clients, customers and counterparties, including vendors. in addition, negative information posted about key on social media websites, whether or not factually correct, may affect our reputation and our business prospects. actions by the financial services industry generally or by certain members or individuals in the industry may have a significant adverse effect on our reputation. we could also suffer significant reputational harm if we fail to properly identify and manage potential conflicts of interest. management of potential conflicts of interests is complex as we expand our business activities through more numerous transactions, obligations, and interests with and among our clients. the actual or perceived failure to adequately address conflicts of interest could affect the willingness of clients to deal with us, which could adversely affect our businesses.
vii.  strategic risk we may not realize the expected benefits of our strategic initiatives.
our ability to compete depends on a number of factors, including, among others, our ability to develop and successfully execute our strategic plans and initiatives. our strategic priorities include growing profitably and maintaining financial strength; effectively managing risk and reward; engaging a high-performing, talented, and diverse workforce; investing in digitalization to drive growth and simplification; embracing the changes required by our clients and the marketplace; and acquiring, expanding, and retaining targeted client relationships. the success of these initiatives can be subject to changes in the macroeconomic environment which is beyond our control. in addition, our inability to execute on or achieve the anticipated outcomes of our strategic priorities, or to do so in the expected timeframe, may affect how the market perceives us and could impede our growth and profitability.
we operate in a highly competitive industry.
we face substantial competition in all areas of our operations from a variety of competitors, some of which are larger and may have more financial resources than us. our competitors primarily include national and super-regional banks as well as smaller community banks within the various geographic regions in which we operate. we also face competition from many other types of financial institutions, including, without limitation, savings associations, credit unions, mortgage banking companies, finance companies, mutual funds, insurance companies, investment management firms, investment banking firms, broker-dealers and other local, regional, national, and global financial services firms. in addition, technology has lowered barriers to entry and made it possible for nonbanks, including large technology companies, to offer products and services traditionally provided by banks. we expect the competitive landscape of the financial services industry to become even more intense as a result of legislative, regulatory, structural, customer preference, and technological changes.
our ability to compete successfully depends on a number of factors, including: our ability to develop and execute strategic plans and initiatives; our ability to develop, maintain, and build long-term customer relationships based on quality service and competitive prices; our ability to develop competitive products and technologies demanded by our customers, while maintaining our high ethical standards and an effective compliance program and keeping our assets safe and sound; our ability to attract, retain, and develop a highly competent employee workforce; and industry and general economic trends. increased competition in the financial services industry, or our failure to perform in any of these areas, could significantly weaken our competitive position, which could adversely affect our growth and profitability.
maintaining or increasing our market share depends upon our ability to adapt our products and services to evolving industry standards and consumer preferences, while maintaining competitive prices.
the continuous, widespread adoption of new technologies, including internet services and mobile devices (such as smartphones and tablets), requires us to evaluate our product and service offerings to ensure they remain competitive. our success depends, in part, on our ability to adapt our products and services, as well as our distribution of them, to evolving industry standards and consumer preferences. new technologies have altered consumer behavior by allowing consumers to complete transactions such as paying bills or transferring funds directly without the assistance of banks. new products allow consumers to maintain funds in brokerage accounts or mutual funds that would have historically been held as bank deposits. the process of eliminating banks as intermediaries, known as "disintermediation," could result in the loss of fee income, as well as the loss of customer loans and deposits and related income generated from those products.
the increasing pressure from our competitors, both bank and nonbank, to keep pace and adopt new technologies and products and services requires us to incur substantial expense. we may be unsuccessful in developing or introducing new products and services, modifying our existing products and services, adapting to changing consumer preferences and spending and saving habits, achieving market acceptance or regulatory approval, sufficiently developing or maintaining a loyal customer base, or offering products and services at prices equal to or lower than the prices offered by our competitors. these risks may affect our ability to achieve growth in our market share and could reduce both our revenue streams from certain products and services and our revenues from our net interest income.
we may not be able to attract and retain skilled people.
our success depends, in large part, on our ability to attract, retain, motivate, and develop a talented and diverse workforce. competition for the best people in most of our business activities is ongoing and can be intense, and we may not be able to retain or hire the people we want or need to serve our customers. additionally, the profile of some of the people we target has changed significantly, causing those with whom we compete for talent to also change and to include nonbanks and large technology companies. to attract and retain qualified employees, we must compensate these employees at market levels. typically, those levels have caused employee compensation to be our greatest expense.
our incentive compensation structure and sales practices are subject to review by our regulators, who may identify deficiencies in the structure of or issue additional guidance on our compensation practices, causing us to make changes that may affect our ability to offer competitive compensation to these individuals or that place us at a disadvantage to non-financial service competitors. our ability to attract and retain talented employees may be affected by these developments or any new executive compensation limits and regulations.
acquisitions or strategic partnerships may disrupt our business and dilute shareholder value.
acquiring other banks, bank branches, or other businesses involves various risks commonly associated with acquisitions or partnerships, including exposure to unknown or contingent liabilities of the acquired company; diversion of our management's time and attention; significant integration risk with respect to employees, accounting systems, and technology platforms; increased regulatory scrutiny; and, the possible loss of key employees and customers of the acquired company. we regularly evaluate merger and acquisition and strategic partnership opportunities and conduct due diligence activities related to possible transactions. as a result, mergers or acquisitions involving cash, debt or equity securities may occur at any time. acquisitions may involve the payment of a premium over book and market values. therefore, some dilution of our tangible book value and net income per common share could occur in connection with any future transaction.
viii.  model risk we rely on quantitative models to manage certain accounting, risk management, capital planning, and treasury functions.
we use quantitative models to help manage certain aspects of our business and to assist with certain business decisions, including, but not limited to, estimating current expected credit losses, measuring the fair value of financial instruments when reliable market prices are unavailable, estimating the effects of changing interest rates and other market measures on our financial condition and results of operations, managing risk, and for capital planning purposes (including during the capital stress testing process). because models are representations of reality, our modeling methodologies rely on many assumptions, historical analyses, correlations, and available data. these assumptions provide only reasonable, not absolute estimates, particularly in times of market distress when historical correlations on which we rely may no longer be relevant. additionally, as businesses and markets evolve, our measurements may not accurately reflect this evolution. models can also produce inadequate estimates due to errors in computer code, use of bad data during development or input into the model during model use, or the use of a model for a purpose outside the scope of the model's design.
if our models fail to produce reliable results on an ongoing basis, we may not make appropriate risk management, capital planning, or other business or financial decisions. furthermore, strategies that we employ to manage and govern the risks associated with our use of models may not be effective or fully reliable, and as a result, we may realize losses or other lapses.
we have an enterprise-wide model risk management program designed to accurately identify, measure, report, monitor, and manage model risk. the management of model risk includes independent validation and model governance, establishing and monitoring model control standards and model risk metrics, and completeness and accuracy of the inventory of models.
banking regulators continue to focus on the models used by banks and bank holding companies in their businesses. the failure or inadequacy of a model may result in increased regulatory scrutiny on us or may result in an enforcement action or proceeding against us by one of our regulators.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations page number introduction long-term financial targets corporate strategy strategic developments results of operations earnings overview                                                                       46
net interest income                                                                     46
provision for credit losses                                                             50
noninterest income                                                                      50
noninterest expense                                                                     52
income taxes                                                                            54
business segment results                                                                54
consumer bank                                                                           54
commercial bank financial condition loans and loans held for sale                                                           57
securities                                                                              65
deposits and other sources of funds capital off-balance sheet arrangements and aggregate contractual obligations                    70
off-balance sheet arrangements contractual obligations guarantees risk management                                                                         72
overview market risk management liquidity risk management                                                               79
credit risk management                                                                  82
operational and compliance risk management                                              85
gaap to non-gaap reconciliations fourth quarter results earnings                                                                                88
net interest income                                                                     88
noninterest income                                                                      88
noninterest expense provision for credit losses income taxes selected quarterly financial data selected quarterly gaap to non-gaap reconciliations critical accounting policies and estimates allowance for loan and lease losses valuation methodologies derivatives and hedging                                                                 95
contingent liabilities, guarantees and income taxes accounting and reporting developments european sovereign and non-sovereign debt exposures introduction this section reviews the financial condition and results of operations of keycorp and its subsidiaries for 2020 and 2019. some tables include additional periods to comply with disclosure requirements or to illustrate trends in greater depth. when you read this discussion, you should also refer to the consolidated financial statements and related notes in this report. the page locations of specific sections that we refer to are presented in the table of contents. to review our financial condition and results of operations for 2018 and a comparison between the 2018 and 2019 results, see item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations of our 2019 form 10-k filed with the sec on february 26, 2020.
long-term financial targets
(a)see the section entitled "gaap to non-gaap reconciliations," which presents the computations of certain financial measures related to "cash efficiency." the section includes tables that reconcile the gaap performance measures to the corresponding non-gaap measures, which provides a basis for period-to-period comparisons.
(a)see the section entitled "gaap to non-gaap reconciliations," which presents the computations of certain financial measures related to "tangible common equity." the section includes tables that reconcile the gaap performance measures to the corresponding non-gaap measures, which provides a basis for period-to-period comparisons.
positive operating leverage generate positive operating leverage and a cash efficiency ratio in the range of 54.0% to 56.0%.
building on our performance in 2020, we expect to deliver positive operating leverage again in 2021. while remaining consistent over the past three years, we expect to make continued progress on our cash efficiency ratio during 2021 as we focus on expenses and strategically invest back into our business.
moderate risk profile maintain a moderate risk profile by targeting a net loan charge-offs to average loans ratio in the range of .40% to .60% through a credit cycle.
overall, credit quality remains strong as we continue to remain consistent and disciplined in our credit underwriting and portfolio management and are committed to maintaining our moderate risk profile. during 2020, our net loan charge-offs to average loans ratio was impacted by $443 million of net loan charge-offs. consistent with long-term targets, net charge-offs to average loans are expected to be in the 50 to 60 basis points range in 2021 based on full year guidance, which is in line with our through-the-cycle range of 40 to 60 basis points.
financial return a return on average tangible common equity in the range of 16.0% to 19.0%.
our full-year dividend for 2020 was $.74, a 4% increase from the previous year. in 2021, we remain committed to consistently delivering on our stated priorities of supporting organic growth, increasing dividends, and prudently repurchasing common shares.
corporate strategy we remain committed to enhancing long-term shareholder value by continuing to execute our relationship-based business model, growing our franchise, and being disciplined in our capital management. our strategic focus is to deliver ease, value, and expertise to help our clients make better financial decisions and build enduring relationships. we intend to pursue this strategy by growing profitably; acquiring and expanding targeted client relationships; effectively managing risk and rewards; maintaining financial strength; and engaging, retaining, and inspiring our diverse and high-performing workforce. these strategic priorities for enhancing long-term shareholder value are described in more detail below.
•grow profitably - we intend to continue to focus on generating positive operating leverage by growing revenue and creating a more efficient operating environment. we expect our relationship business model to keep generating organic growth as it helps us expand engagement with existing clients and attract new customers. we plan to leverage our continuous improvement culture to maintain an efficient cost structure that is aligned, sustainable, and consistent with the current operating environment and that supports our relationship business model.
•acquire and expand targeted client relationships - we seek to be client-centric in our actions and have taken purposeful steps to enhance our ability to acquire and expand targeted relationships. we seek to provide solutions to serve our clients' needs. we focus on markets and clients where we can be the most relevant. in aligning our businesses and investments against these targeted client segments, we are able to make a meaningful impact for our clients.
•effectively manage risk and rewards - our risk management activities are focused on ensuring we properly identify, measure, and manage risks across the entire company to maintain safety and soundness and maximize profitability.
•maintain financial strength - with the foundation of a strong balance sheet, we intend to remain focused on sustaining strong reserves, liquidity and capital. we plan to work closely with our board and regulators to manage capital to support our clients' needs and drive long-term shareholder value. our capital remains a competitive advantage for us.
•engage a high-performing, talented, and diverse workforce - every day our employees provide our clients with great ideas, extraordinary service, and smart solutions. we intend to continue to engage our high-performing, talented, and diverse workforce to create an environment where they can make a difference, own their careers, be respected, and feel a sense of pride.
strategic developments we took the following actions during 2020 in support of our corporate strategy:
•we continued to grow profitably during 2020. our cash efficiency ratio remained consistent year over year, and we achieved our seventh consecutive year of positive operating leverage. full year expenses were up 5.3% from the prior year as a result of elevated production-related incentives, higher salaries due to merit increases, payments-related expenses from prepaid card activity, as well as covid-19-related costs for steps that key has taken to ensure the health and safety of teammates. revenue was up for the year, driven by all-time high investment banking and debt placement fees, record consumer mortgage fees and higher prepaid card activity from state government support programs. we continued to see strong balance sheet growth as average loans were up 12.2% and average deposits were up 15.7% compared to the prior year. our relationship-based business model continues to position us well with our targeted clients, which results in new and expanded relationships.
•our residential mortgage business is another area where we are seeing strong returns on our investments. residential mortgage loan originations for 2020 were $8.3 billion, up over 90% from 2019, with $2.5 billion originated in the fourth quarter of 2020. these two investments highlight our commitment to acquire and expand targeted client relationships.
•overall, credit quality remains strong as our new loan originations in both our commercial and consumer book continue to meet our criteria for high quality loans as we continue to effectively manage risk and rewards.
•maintaining financial strength while driving long-term shareholder value was again a focus during 2020. at december 31, 2020, our common equity tier 1 and tier 1 risk-based capital ratios stood at 9.73% and 11.11%, respectively. we repurchased $170 million of common shares, including $134 million of common shares in the open market and $36 million of common shares related to employee equity compensation programs. our full-year dividend for 2020 was $.74, a 4% increase from the previous year.
•we remained committed to our strategy to engage a high-performing, talented, and diverse workforce. we have been recognized by multiple organizations for our dedication to creating an environment where employees are treated with respect and empowered to bring their authentic selves to work. some of these awards and recognitions included the human rights campaign naming us one of the best places to work for lgbt equality, bloomberg listing us on the gender-equality index, g.i. jobs and military spouse magazine recognizing us as a military friendly® and military friendly® spouse employer, and receiving the leading disability employer seal from the national organization on disability. we were also named to diversityinc's 2019 top 50 companies for diversity.
chief diversity, equity and inclusion officer named on april 13, 2020, we announced that greg jones has been named chief diversity, equity, and inclusion officer for the company. in this role, greg is accountable for leading the strategy and tactics to improve the acquisition, movement, development and retention of diverse talent and suppliers.
results of operations earnings overview the following chart provides a reconciliation of net income from continuing operations attributable to key common shareholders for the year ended december 31, 2019, to the year ended december 31, 2020 (dollars in millions):
(a)includes net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest and preferred dividends.
net interest income one of our principal sources of revenue is net interest income. net interest income is the difference between interest income received on earning assets (such as loans and securities) and loan-related fee income, and interest expense paid on deposits and borrowings. there are several factors that affect net interest income, including:
•the volume, pricing, mix, and maturity of earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities;
•the volume and value of net free funds, such as noninterest-bearing deposits and equity capital;
•the use of derivative instruments to manage interest rate risk;
•interest rate fluctuations and competitive conditions within the marketplace;
•asset quality; and
•fair value accounting of acquired earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities.
to make it easier to compare both the results among several periods and the yields on various types of earning assets (some taxable, some not), we present net interest income in this discussion on a "te basis" (i.e., as if all income were taxable and at the same rate). for example, $100 of tax-exempt income would be presented as $126, an amount that, if taxed at the statutory federal income tax rate of 21%, would yield $100. prior to 2018, $100 of tax-exempt income would be presented as $154, an amount that, if taxed at the previous statutory federal income tax rate of 35%, would yield $100.
figure 1 shows the various components of our balance sheet that affect interest income and expense, and their respective yields or rates over the past five years. this figure also presents a reconciliation of te net interest income to net interest income reported in accordance with gaap for each of those years. the net interest margin, which is an indicator of the profitability of our earning assets less the cost of funding, is calculated by dividing taxable-equivalent net interest income by average earning assets.
te net interest income for 2020 was $4.1 billion, and the net interest margin was 2.77%, compared to te net interest income of $3.9 billion and a net interest margin of 3.04% for the prior year. net interest income for 2020 reflects an increase in earning asset balances and higher loan fees, partially offset by a lower net interest margin. the net interest margin was impacted by lower interest rates, key's participation in the ppp, and elevated levels of liquidity. in 2021, we expect te net interest income to be relatively stable compared to 2020 and the net interest margin to be relatively stable compared to the fourth quarter of 2020.
average loans totaled $102.7 billion for 2020, compared to $91.5 billion in 2019. commercial loans increased $7.7 billion, reflecting key's participation in the ppp as well as core broad based growth in commercial and industrial loans. consumer loans increased $3.5 billion, driven by strength from laurel road and key's consumer mortgage business. for 2021, we expect average loans to be relatively stable compared to 2020.
average deposits totaled $127.3 billion for 2020, an increase of $17.3 billion compared to 2019, reflecting growth from consumer and commercial relationships, partially offset by a decline in time deposits as a result of lower interest rates. for 2021, we expect average deposits to be up 1% to 3% compared to 2020.
figure 1. consolidated average balance sheets, net interest income, and yields/rates from continuing operations year ended december 31,                                                                                                               2020                                                                    2019
dollars in millions                                                               averagebalance         interest (a)       yield/rate (a)                averagebalance         interest (a)       yield/rate (a)
assets loans (b), (c)
commercial and industrial (d)                                                     $55,145               $1,977                 3.59      %                $47,482               $2,144                 4.51      %
real estate - commercial mortgage                                                  13,279                  521                 3.92                        13,641                  676                 4.95
real estate - construction                                                          1,843                   74                 3.99                         1,485                   78                 5.24
commercial lease financing                                                          4,497                  139                 3.09                         4,488                  163                 3.63
total commercial loans                                                             74,764                2,711                 3.63                        67,096                3,061                 4.56
real estate - residential mortgage                                                  8,094                  284                 3.50                         6,095                  241                 3.95
home equity loans                                                                   9,772                  392                 4.01                        10,634                  526                 4.95
consumer direct loans                                                               4,213                  221                 5.26                         2,475                  176                 7.11
credit cards                                                                        1,001                  107                10.65                         1,100                  127                11.51
consumer indirect loans                                                             4,845                  180                 3.72                         4,111                  168                 4.09
total consumer loans                                                               27,925                1,184                 4.24                        24,415                1,238                 5.07
total loans                                                                       102,689                3,895                 3.79                        91,511                4,299                 4.70
loans held for sale                                                                 1,972                   69                 3.49                         1,411                   63                 4.48
securities available for sale (b), (e)                                             23,742                  484                 2.10                        21,362                  537                 2.51
held-to-maturity securities (b)                                                     8,938                  222                 2.49                        10,841                  262                 2.41
trading account assets                                                                814                   20                 2.47                         1,017                   32                 3.18
short-term investments                                                              9,096                   18                  .20                         2,876                   61                 2.11
other investments (e)                                                                 635                    6                  .87                           630                   13                 2.09
total earning assets                                                              147,886                4,714                 3.20                       129,648                5,267                 4.06
allowance for loan and lease losses                                               (1,481)                                                                   (880)
accrued income and other assets                                                    15,650                                                                  14,411
discontinued assets                                                                   775                                                                     984
total assets                                                                     $162,830                                                                $144,163
liabilities now and money market deposit accounts                                             $75,733                  206                  .27                       $63,731                  566                  .89
savings deposits                                                                    5,252                    2                  .04                         4,740                    4                  .09
certificates of deposit ($100,000 or more)(f)                                       4,520                   83                 1.83                         7,757                  180                 2.32
other time deposits                                                                 4,041                   56                 1.38                         5,426                  103                 1.90
deposits in foreign office                                                              -                    -                    -                             -                    -                    -
total interest-bearing deposits                                                    89,546                  347                  .39                        81,654                  853                 1.04
federal funds purchased and securities sold under repurchase agreements               670                    6                  .88                           264                    2                  .66
bank notes and other short-term borrowings                                          1,452                   12                  .85                           730                   17                 2.31
long-term debt (f), (g)                                                            12,578                  286                 2.36                        13,062                  454                 3.52
total interest-bearing liabilities                                                104,246                  651                  .63                        95,710                1,326                 1.39
noninterest-bearing deposits                                                       37,740                                                                  28,376
accrued expense and other liabilities                                               2,433                                                                   2,456
discontinued liabilities (g)                                                          775                                                                     984
total liabilities                                                                 145,194                                                                 127,526
equity key shareholders' equity                                                           17,636                                                                  16,636
noncontrolling interests                                                                -                                                                       1
total equity                                                                       17,636                                                                  16,637
total liabilities and equity                                                     $162,830                                                                $144,163
interest rate spread (te)                                                                                                      2.57      %                                                             2.67      %
net interest income (te) and net interest margin (te)                                                    4,063                 2.77      %                                       3,941                 3.04      %
less: te adjustment (b)                                                                                     29                                                                      32
net interest income, gaap basis                                                                         $4,034                                                                  $3,909
(a)results are from continuing operations. interest excludes the interest associated with the liabilities referred to in (g) below, calculated using a matched funds transfer pricing methodology.
(b)interest income on tax-exempt securities and loans has been adjusted to a te basis using the statutory federal income tax rate in effect that calendar year.
(c)for purposes of these computations, nonaccrual loans are included in average loan balances.
(d)commercial and industrial average loan balances include $130 million, $141 million, $126 million, $117 million, and $99 million of assets from commercial credit cards for the years ended december 31, 2020, december 31, 2019, december 31, 2018, december 31, 2017, and december 31, 2016, respectively.
(e)yield is calculated on the basis of amortized cost.
(f)rate calculation excludes basis adjustments related to fair value hedges.
(g)a portion of long-term debt and the related interest expense is allocated to discontinued liabilities as a result of applying our matched funds transfer pricing methodology to discontinued operations.
figure 1. consolidated average balance sheets, net interest income, and yields/rates from continuing operations (continued)
2018                                                                    2017                                                                    2016                      compound annual rate of change (2016-2020)
average         interest (a)         yield/                averagebalance         interest (a)       yield/rate (a)                averagebalance         interest (a)       yield/rate (a)                    average          interest balance                            rate (a)                                                                                                                                                                    balance
$44,418             $1,926             4.34    %                $40,848               $1,613                 3.95      %                $35,276               $1,215                 3.45      %                  9.3     %        10.2     %
14,267                698             4.90                      14,878                  687                 4.62                        11,063                  451                 4.07                         3.7               2.9
1,816                 90             4.97                       2,143                  103                 4.78                         1,460                   76                 5.22                         4.8              (.5)
4,534                168             3.70                       4,677                  185                 3.96                         4,261                  161                 3.78                         1.1             (2.9)
65,035              2,882             4.43                      62,546                2,588                 4.14                        52,060                1,903                 3.66                         7.5               7.3
5,473                217             3.97                       5,499                  214                 3.89                         3,632                  148                 4.09                        17.4              13.9
11,530                547             4.74                      12,380                  536                 4.33                        11,286                  456                 4.04                       (2.8)             (3.0)
1,782                137             7.66                       1,765                  126                 7.12                         1,661                  113                 6.79                        20.5              14.4
1,092                125            11.40                       1,055                  118                11.15                           916                   98                10.73                         1.8               1.8
3,426                146             4.27                       3,120                  148                 4.75                         1,593                   89                 5.58                        24.9              15.1
23,303              1,172             5.03                      23,819                1,142                 4.79                        19,088                  904                 4.74                         7.9               5.5
88,338              4,054             4.59                      86,365                3,730                 4.32                        71,148                2,807                 3.95                         7.6               6.8
1,501                 66             4.43                       1,325                   52                 3.96                           979                   34                 3.51                        15.0              15.2
17,898                409             2.20                      18,548                  369                 1.96                        16,661                  329                 1.98                         7.3               8.0
12,003                284             2.37                      10,515                  222                 2.11                         6,275                  122                 1.94                         7.3              12.7
893                 29             3.25                         949                   27                 2.81                           884                   23                 2.59                       (1.6)             (2.8)
2,450                 46             1.86                       2,363                   26                 1.11                         4,656                   22                  .47                        14.3             (3.9)
697                 21             3.04                         712                   17                 2.35                           679                   16                 2.37                       (1.3)            (17.8)
123,780              4,909             3.94                     120,777                4,443                 3.67                       101,282                3,353                 3.31                         7.9               7.1
(878)                                                           (865)                                                                   (835)                                                                  12.1
13,910                                                          13,807                                                                  12,090                                                                   5.3
1,212                                                           1,448                                                                   1,707                                                                (14.6)
$138,024                                                        $135,167                                                                $114,244                                                                   7.3     %
$56,001                297              .53                     $54,032                  143                  .26                       $46,079                   87                  .19                        10.4     %        18.8
5,704                 14              .24                       6,569                   13                  .20                         3,957                    3                  .07                         5.8             (7.8)
7,728                139             1.80                       6,233                   82                 1.31                         3,911                   48                 1.22                         2.9              11.6
5,025                 67             1.34                       4,698                   40                  .85                         4,088                   33                  .81                        (.2)              11.2
-                  -                -                           -                    -                    -                             -                    -                    -                               n/m               n/m
74,458                517              .69                      71,532                  278                  .39                        58,035                  171                  .30                         9.1              15.2
928                 11             1.14                         517                    1                  .24                           487                    1                  .10                         6.6              43.1
915                 21             2.34                       1,140                   15                 1.34                           852                   10                 1.18                        11.3               3.7
12,715                420             3.27                      11,921                  319                 2.69                         9,802                  218                 2.29                         5.1               5.6
89,016                969             1.09                      85,110                  613                  .72                        69,176                  400                  .58                         8.5              10.2
30,593                                                          31,414                                                                  28,317                                                                   5.9
2,071                                                           1,970                                                                   2,393                                                                    .3
1,212                                                           1,448                                                                   1,706                                                                (14.6)
122,892                                                         119,942                                                                 101,592                                                                   7.4
15,131                                                          15,224                                                                  12,647                                                                   6.9
1                                                               1                                                                       5                                                               (100.0)
15,132                                                          15,225                                                                  12,652                                                                   6.9
$138,024                                                        $135,167                                                                $114,244                                                                   7.3     %
2.85    %                                                             2.95      %                                                             2.73      %
3,940             3.17    %                                       3,830                 3.17      %                                       2,953                 2.92      %                                    6.6
31                                                                53                                                                      34                                                              (3.1)
$3,909                                                            $3,777                                                                  $2,919                                                                6.7     %
(e)yield is calculated on the basis of amortized cost.
(f)rate calculation excludes basis adjustments related to fair value hedges.
(g)a portion of long-term debt and the related interest expense is allocated to discontinued liabilities as a result of applying our matched funds transfer pricing methodology to discontinued operations.
figure 2 shows how the changes in yields or rates and average balances from the prior year affected net interest income. the section entitled "financial condition" contains additional discussion about changes in earning assets and funding sources.
figure 2. components of net interest income changes from continuing operations
2020 vs. 2019
in millions                                                                        averagevolume       yield/ rate        net change(a)
interest income loans                                                                                $463             $(867)              $(404)
loans held for sale                                                                    22               (16)                   6
securities available for sale                                                          56              (109)                (53)
held-to-maturity securities                                                          (47)                  7                (40)
trading account assets                                                                (6)                (6)                (12)
short-term investments                                                                 48               (91)                (43)
other investments                                                                       -                (7)                 (7)
total interest income (te)                                                            536            (1,089)               (553)
interest expense now and money market deposit accounts                                                  91              (451)               (360)
savings deposits                                                                        -                (2)                 (2)
certificates of deposit ($100,000 or more)                                           (65)               (32)                (97)
other time deposits                                                                  (23)               (24)                (47)
total interest-bearing deposits                                                                        (509)               (506)
federal funds purchased and securities sold under repurchase agreements                                    -                   4
bank notes and other short-term borrowings                                             10               (15)                 (5)
long-term debt                                                                       (16)              (152)               (168)
total interest expense                                                                  1              (676)               (675)
net interest income (te)                                                             $535             $(413)                $122
(a)the change in interest not due solely to volume or rate has been allocated in proportion to the absolute dollar amounts of the change in each.
provision for credit losses our provision for credit losses was $1.0 billion for 2020, compared to $445 million for 2019. the increase of $576 million in our provision for credit losses is primarily due to the economic stress and uncertainty in the u.s. and globally from the ongoing pandemic caused by covid-19 as well as increased net loan charge-offs. in 2019 our provision for credit losses was impacted by the realization of $139 million from a previously disclosed fraud loss. in 2021 we expect loan charge-offs to average loans to be in the range of 50 to 60 bps.
noninterest income noninterest income for 2020 was $2.7 billion, compared to $2.5 billion during 2019. noninterest income represented 39% of total revenue for 2020 and 38% of total revenue for 2019. in 2021, we expect noninterest income to be up 1% to 3% compared to 2020.
the following discussion explains the composition of certain elements of our noninterest income and the factors that caused those elements to change.
figure 3. noninterest income
(a)other noninterest income includes operating lease income and other leasing gains, corporate services income, corporate-owned life insurance income, consumer mortgage income, mortgage servicing fees, and other income. see the "consolidated statements of income" in part ii, item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this report.
trust and investment services income trust and investment services income consists of brokerage commissions, trust and asset management commissions, and insurance income. for 2020, trust and investment services income increased $32 million, or 6.7% as a result of an increase in assets under management.
a significant portion of our trust and investment services income depends on the value and mix of assets under management. at december 31, 2020, our bank, trust, and registered investment advisory subsidiaries had assets under management of $44.1 billion, compared to $40.8 billion at december 31, 2019. the increase from 2019 to 2020 was primarily attributable to the strength of the equity markets during the year.
figure 4. assets under management year ended december 31,                                                                         change 2020 vs. 2019
dollars in millions                                         2020            2019            amount           percent assets under management by investment type:
equity                                               $27,384         $25,271          $2,113               8.4     %
securities lending                                       131             309           (178)            (57.6)
fixed income                                          12,130          11,000           1,130              10.3
money market                                           4,495           4,253             242               5.7
total                                                $44,140         $40,833          $3,307               8.1     %
investment banking and debt placement fees investment banking and debt placement fees consist of syndication fees, debt and equity financing fees, financial advisor fees, gains on sales of commercial mortgages, and agency origination fees. for 2020, investment banking and debt placement fees increased $31 million, or 4.9%, from the prior year driven by gains on the sale of commercial mortgages and strong debt and equity financing fees.
service charges on deposit accounts service charges on deposit accounts decreased $26 million, or 7.7%, in 2020 compared to the prior year. these decreases were primarily due to lower customer spending and higher fee waivers related to the ongoing covid-19 pandemic.
cards and payments income cards and payments income, which consists of debit card, consumer and commercial credit card, and merchant services income, increased $93 million, or 33.8%, in 2020 compared to 2019. this increase was primarily due to higher prepaid card activity from state government support programs.
other noninterest income other noninterest income includes operating lease income and other leasing gains, corporate services income, corporate-owned life insurance income, consumer mortgage income, mortgage servicing fees, and other income. other noninterest income increased $63 million, or 8.5%, in 2020 compared to 2019, driven primarily by record mortgage origination income partially offset by trading losses and portfolio marks related to the widening credit spreads in the market.
52
noninterest expense noninterest expense for 2020 was $4.1 billion, compared to $3.9 billion for 2019. figure 5 gives a breakdown of our major categories of noninterest expense as a percentage of total noninterest expense for the twelve months ended december 31, 2020. in 2021, we expect noninterest expense to be down 1% to 3% compared to 2020.
the following discussion explains the composition of certain elements of our noninterest expense and the factors that caused those elements to change.
figure 5. noninterest expense
(a)other noninterest expense includes equipment, operating lease expense, marketing, fdic assessment, intangible asset amortization, oreo expense, net, and other expense. see the "consolidated statements of income" in part ii, item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this report.
personnel as shown in figure 6, personnel expense, the largest category of our noninterest expense, increased by $86 million, or 3.8%, in 2020 compared to 2019. the increase is driven by higher production-related incentives from our record fee production and higher salaries due to merit increases.
figure 6. personnel expense year ended december 31,dollars in millions                                                       change 2020 vs. 2019
2020                                                        2019           amount           percent salaries and contract labor                           $1,329          $1,268              $61               4.8     %
incentive and stock-based compensation (a)               627             584               43               7.4
employee benefits                                        350             348                2                .6
severance                                                 30              50             (20)            (40.0)
total personnel expense                               $2,336          $2,250              $86               3.8     %
(a)excludes directors' stock-based compensation of $2 million in 2020 and $3 million in 2019, reported as "other noninterest expense" in figure 5.
net occupancy net occupancy expense increased $5 million, or 1.7%, in 2020 compared to 2019, primarily due to higher property reserve expenses and cleaning expenses related to the steps that we have taken to ensure the health and safety of teammates and customers during the ongoing covid-19 pandemic.
other noninterest expense other noninterest expense includes equipment, operating lease expense, marketing, fdic assessment, intangible asset amortization, oreo expenses, and other miscellaneous expense categories. in total, other noninterest expense increased $89 million, or 9.3%, in 2020 compared to 2019 primarily attributable to higher payments-related expenses from prepaid card activity.
income taxes we recorded a tax provision from continuing operations of $227 million for 2020, compared to $314 million for 2019. the effective tax rate, which is the provision for income taxes as a percentage of income from continuing operations before income taxes, was 14.6% for 2020 and 15.6% for 2019. in 2021, we expect our gaap tax rate to be approximately 19%.
in 2020, our federal tax expense and effective tax rate differ from the amount that would be calculated using the federal statutory tax rate; primarily from investments in tax-advantaged assets, such as corporate-owned life insurance, tax credits associated with investments in low-income housing projects and energy related projects, and periodic adjustments to our tax reserves as described in note 14 ("income taxes").
business segments results we previously reported our results of operations through two business segments, key community bank and key corporate bank, with the remaining operations recorded in other. in the first quarter of 2019, we underwent a company-wide organizational change, resulting in the realignment of our businesses into two reportable business segments, consumer bank and commercial bank, with the remaining operations that do not meet the criteria for disclosure as a separate reportable business recorded in other. the new business segment structure aligns with how management reviews performance and makes decisions by client, segment, and business unit. prior period information was restated to conform to the new business segment structure.
this section summarizes the highlights and segment imperatives, market and business overview, and financial performance of our two major business segments (operating segments): consumer bank and commercial bank. note 25 ("business segment reporting") describes the products and services offered by each of these business segments and provides more detailed financial information pertaining to the segments. dollars in the charts are presented in millions.
consumer bank segment imperatives
•simplification and digitalization to drive growth and operating leverage
•relationship-based strategy with a focus on financial wellness as a differentiator
•deliver ease, value, and expertise to help guide our clients to the right approach to meet their goals market and business overview as the banking industry moves forward, so do our clients. anticipating our clients' needs not only today, but for tomorrow and into the future, has become one of the biggest challenges for the banking industry. we view these challenges as an opportunity to help our current client base meet their own goals, as well as attract new and diverse clients. in an increasingly digital world focused on specialized convenience, we have made meaningful steps to meet those demands through new digital portals and the acquisition of laurel road in 2019. these platforms place us in a strong position to develop long lasting and meaningful relationships with our current and prospective clients. financial wellness is a core tenet of our customer relationships and we see it in three different ways: diagnose, enhance, and sustain. our goal is to get our clients to a place where they can comfortably sustain their current financial position so we can be there for them when they are ready to grow. clients no longer go to a branch to conduct transactions only, they go to seek advice and gain new perspectives on issues they may be facing. overall, we have a passion to help our clients through:
•ease - enabling simple and clear banking with no surprises
•value - knowing our clients and valuing each relationship
•expertise - provide our clients with industry-leading expertise and personalized service summary of operations
•net income attributable to key of $665 million in 2020, compared to $706 million in 2019, a decrease of 5.8%.
•taxable equivalent net interest income increased in 2020 by $68 million, or 2.9%, from the prior year. the increase in net interest income was primarily driven by strong balance sheet growth and fees related to ppp loans, partially offset by a lower interest rate environment.
•average loans and leases increased in 2020 by $6.4 billion, or 19.6%, from the prior year. this was driven by growth from laurel road and consumer mortgage.
•average deposits increased in 2020 by $7.3 billion, or 10.0%, from the prior year. this was driven by consumer stimulus payments, lower spend activity, and relationship growth.
•provision for credit losses increased $100 million in 2020 compared to the prior year. the increase in provision for credit losses is driven by portfolio growth and cecl economic forecasts that capture deterioration triggered by the global covid-19 pandemic.
•noninterest income increased in 2020 by $81 million, or 8.8%, from the prior year, primarily driven by growth in consumer mortgage income and originations, as well as increases in cards and payments income.
•noninterest expense increased in 2020 by $102 million, or 4.7%, from the prior year. the increase is due to higher variable compensation from strong revenue growth and higher variable expenses related to higher loan volumes.
commercial bank segment imperatives
•solve complex client needs through a differentiated product set of banking and capital markets capabilities
•drive targeted scale through distinct product capabilities delivered to a broad set of clients
•utilize industry expertise and broad capabilities to build relationships with narrowly targeted client sets market and business overview building relationships and delivering complex solutions for middle market clients requires a distinctive operating model that understands their business and can provide a broad set of product capabilities. as competition for these clients intensifies, we have positioned the business to maintain and grow our competitive advantage by building targeted scale in businesses and client segments. strong market share in businesses such as real estate loan servicing and equipment finance highlights our ability to successfully meet customer needs through targeted scale in distinct product capabilities. clients expect us to understand every aspect of their business. our seven industry verticals are aligned to drive targeted scale in segments where we have a deep breadth of industry expertise. healthcare is the largest sector of the economy and one of our targeted verticals. our acquisition of cain brothers in 2017 is one example of how we have expanded our business capabilities to further enhance our reputation as a trusted advisor to current and prospective clients. our business model is positioned to meet our client needs because our focus is not on being a universal bank, but rather being the right bank for our clients.
summary of operations
•net income attributable to key of $633 million in 2020, compared to $1.1 billion in 2019, a decrease of 44.0%.
•taxable equivalent net interest income increased in 2020 by $77 million, or 4.8%, from the prior year. the increase in net interest income was primarily driven by balance sheet growth and fees related to ppp loans.
•average loan and lease balances increased $5.1 billion in 2020, or 8.8%, compared to the prior year driven by broad-based growth in commercial, industrial, and ppp loans.
•average deposit balances increased $10.7 billion in 2020, or 29.4%, compared to the prior year, driven by growth in targeted relationships and the impact of government programs.
•provision for credit losses increased $620 million in 2020 compared to the prior year, driven by cecl economic forecasts that capture deterioration triggered by the global covid-19 pandemic and higher net charge-offs.
•noninterest income increased $117 million in 2020, or 8.4%, from the prior year. the increase was mainly related to higher investment banking fees and cards and payments income, partially offset by decreases in corporate services income.
•noninterest expense increased by $190 million in 2020, or 12.3%, from the prior year, driven by elevated variable expenses related to prepaid card and higher variable compensation from strong revenue growth.
financial condition loans and loans held for sale figure 7. breakdown of loans
(a)other consumer loans include consumer direct loans, credit cards, and consumer indirect loans. see note 4 ("loan portfolio") item 8. financial statements of this report.
covid-19 hardship relief programs in response to the covid-19 pandemic, beginning in march 2020, we began providing relief and flexibility to our customers through a variety of solutions, including fee waivers, short-term loan modifications, and payment deferrals as well as the suspension of vehicle repossessions and home foreclosures. while the solutions for our commercial borrowers are individually negotiated and tailored to each borrower's specific facts and circumstances, the most commonly offered relief measures included temporary covenant waivers and/or deferrals of principal and/or interest payments for up to 90 days. we have also granted short-term loan modifications for our consumer loan customers through extensions, deferrals, and forbearance.
the following table provides a summary of portfolio loans and leases as of december 31, 2020, that have received a payment deferral or forbearance as part of our covid-19 hardship relief programs:
figure 8. loans and leases covid-19 hardship relief outstanding balance of loans and leases december 31, 2020
dollars in millions                         completed relief        in active relief         total that have received payment relief commercial loans                              $2,899                    $181                                  $3,079
consumer loans                                 1,179                     394                                   1,572
total portfolio loans and leases              $4,077                    $575                                  $4,652
the total outstanding balance of commercial loans in active relief as of december 31, 2020, represented 0.3% of our commercial loan portfolio and the total outstanding balance of consumer loans in active relief as of december 31, 2020, represented 1.3% of the consumer portfolio. as of december 31, 2020, the cumulative number of commercial loans that have received any form of hardship relief due to covid-19 hardships totaled 251 loans and the cumulative number of consumer loans that have received any form of hardship relief due to covid-19 hardships totaled 4,766 loans.
under the cares act as well as banking regulator interagency guidance, certain loan modifications to borrowers experiencing financial distress as a result of the economic impacts created by covid-19 may not be required to be treated as tdrs under u.s. gaap.  for covid-19 related loan modifications which occurred from march 1, 2020, through december 31, 2020, and met the loan modification criteria under either the cares act or the criteria specified by the regulatory agencies or were otherwise considered to be short term in nature, we have elected to suspend tdr accounting for such loan modifications.  additionally, loans qualifying for these modifications are not required to be reported as delinquent, nonaccrual, impaired, or criticized solely as a result of a covid-19 loan modification. refer to note 5 ("asset quality") under the headings "tdrs" and "nonperforming and past due loans".
for loans that receive a payment deferral or forbearance under these hardship relief programs, we continue to accrue interest and recognize interest income during the period of the deferral. depending on the terms of each program, all or a portion of this accrued interest may be paid directly by the borrower (either during the relief period, at the end of the relief period, or at maturity of the loan) or added to the customer's outstanding balance. for certain programs, the maturity date of the loan may also be extended by the number of payments deferred. interest income will continue to be accrued at the original contractual interest rate unless that rate is concurrently modified upon entering the relief program (in which case, the modified rate would be used to recognize interest).
commercial loan portfolio commercial loans outstanding were $72.0 billion at december 31, 2020, an increase of $3.9 billion, or 5.8%, compared to december 31, 2019, driven by the outstanding balance of $6.7 billion related to the ppp partly offset by a decline in commercial and industrial utilization rates.
as a result of the current economic environment, our commercial loan portfolio is going through active portfolio surveillance. we are conducting ongoing portfolio reviews on our commercial loans with any risk rating migrations being closely monitored. we have centralized internal reporting on enterprise-wide relief initiatives, as well as following any potential relief initiatives that may come in the future. we have also established a pandemic watchlist and are performing ongoing reviews of commercial clients that are likely to be impacted by covid-19. overall, these clients represent a small portion of the overall portfolio and are diversified by type and geography. figure 9 summarizes our commercial portfolios that are at risk of being impacted by the covid-19 pandemic as of december 31, 2020.
figure 9. select commercial portfolio focus areas dollars in millions                           outstanding as of december 31, 2020            percentage of total loans as of december 31, 2020
consumer behavior (a)                                        $5,083                 5.0                                            %
education                                                     1,541                 1.5
sports                                                          690                 .7
restaurants                                                     400                 .4
retail commercial real estate (b)                               525                 .5
nondurable retail (c)                                           638                 .6
travel/tourism (d)                                            2,523                 2.5
hotels                                                          784                 .8
leveraged lending (e)                                         1,700                 1.7
oil and gas                                                   1,992                 2.0
upstream (reserve based)                                      1,263                 1.2
midstream                                                       468                 .5
downstream                                                       98                 .1
(a)consumer behavior includes restaurants, sports, entertainment and leisure, services, education, etc.
(b)retail commercial real estate is mainly composed of regional malls, strip centers (unanchored) and lifestyle centers.
(c)nondurable retail includes direct lending to retailers including apparel, hobby shops, nursery garden centers, cosmetics, and gas stations with convenience stores.
(d)travel/tourism includes hotels, tours, and air/water/rail leasing.
(e)leveraged lending exposures have total debt to ebitda greater than four times or senior debt to ebitda greater than three times and meet the purpose test (the new debt finances a buyout, acquisition, or capital distribution).
59
figure 10 shows the composition of our loan portfolio at december 31 for each of the past five years.
figure 10. composition of loans
2020                                                          2019                                                          2018
december 31,dollars in millions                              amount                    percent of total                    amount                    percent of total                    amount                    percent of total commercial commercial and industrial (a)                          $52,907                             52.3       %              $48,295                             51.0       %              $45,753                             51.1       %
commercial real estate:
commercial mortgage                                     12,687                             12.5                       13,491                             14.3                       14,285                             15.9
construction                                             1,987                              2.0                        1,558                              1.6                        1,666                              1.9
total commercial real estate loans                      14,674                             14.5                       15,049                             15.9                       15,951                             17.8
commercial lease financing (b)                           4,399                              4.3                        4,688                              5.0                        4,606                              5.1
total commercial loans                                  71,980                             71.1                       68,032                             71.9                       66,310                             74.0
consumer real estate - residential mortgage                       9,298                              9.2                        7,023                              7.4                        5,513                              6.2
home equity loans                                        9,360                              9.2                       10,274                             10.9                       11,142                             12.4
consumer direct loans                                    4,714                              4.7                        3,513                              3.7                        1,809                              2.0
credit cards                                               989                              1.0                        1,130                              1.2                        1,144                              1.3
consumer indirect loans                                  4,844                              4.8                        4,674                              4.9                        3,634                              4.1
total consumer loans                                    29,205                             28.9                       26,614                             28.1                       23,242                             26.0
total loans (c)                                       $101,185                            100.0       %              $94,646                            100.0       %              $89,552                            100.0       %
2017                                                          2016
amount                    percent of total                    amount                    percent of total commercial commercial and industrial (a)                          $41,859                             48.4       %              $39,768                             46.2       %
commercial real estate:
commercial mortgage                                     14,088                             16.3       %               15,111                             17.6       %
construction                                             1,960                              2.3                        2,345                              2.7
total commercial real estate loans                      16,048                             18.6                       17,456                             20.3
commercial lease financing (b)                           4,826                              5.6                        4,685                              5.5
total commercial loans                                  62,733                             72.6                       61,909                             72.0
consumer real estate - residential mortgage                       5,483                              6.3                        5,547                              6.4
home equity loans                                       12,028                             13.9                       12,674                             14.7
consumer direct loans                                    1,794                              2.1                        1,788                              2.1
credit cards                                             1,106                              1.3                        1,111                              1.3
consumer indirect loans                                  3,261                              3.8                        3,009                              3.5
total consumer loans                                    23,672                             27.4                       24,129                             28.0
total loans (c)                                        $86,405                            100.0       %              $86,038                            100.0       %
(a)loan balances include $127 million, $144 million, $132 million, $119 million, and $116 million, of commercial credit card balances at december 31, 2020, december 31, 2019, december 31, 2018, december 31, 2017, and december 31, 2016, respectively.
(b)commercial lease financing includes receivables held as collateral for a secured borrowing of $19 million, $15 million, $10 million, $24 million, and $68 million at december 31, 2020, december 31, 2019, december 31, 2018, december 31, 2017, and december 31, 2016, respectively. principal reductions are based on the cash payments received from these related receivables. additional information pertaining to this secured borrowing is included in note 20 ("long-term debt").
(c)total loans exclude loans of $710 million at december 31, 2020, $865 million at december 31, 2019, $1.1 billion at december 31, 2018, $1.3 billion at december 31, 2017, and $1.6 billion at december 31, 2016, related to the discontinued operations of the education lending business.
at december 31, 2020, total loans outstanding from continuing operations were $101.2 billion, compared to $94.6 billion at the end of 2019. for more information on balance sheet carrying value, see note 1 ("summary of significant accounting policies") under the headings "loans" and "loans held for sale."
60
figure 11 provides our commercial loan portfolio by industry classification as of december 31, 2020, and december 31, 2019.
figure 11. commercial loans by industry december 31, 2020                                 commercial and industrial                 commercial                       commercial                 total commercial                    percent of real estate                  lease financing                            loans                         total dollars in millions industry classification:
agriculture                                               $1,002                            $148                            $97                           $1,247                             1.7     %
automotive                                                 1,863                             510                             19                            2,392                             3.3
business products                                          1,523                             117                             45                            1,685                             2.3
business services                                          4,098                             221                            202                            4,521                             6.3
chemicals                                                    700                              30                             34                              764                             1.1
construction materials and contractors                     2,571                             271                            233                            3,075                             4.3
consumer discretionary                                     3,832                             404                            371                            4,607                             6.4
consumer services                                          6,123                             900                            525                            7,548                            10.5
equipment                                                  1,447                              84                            120                            1,651                             2.3
finance                                                    6,190                              92                            396                            6,678                             9.3
healthcare                                                 4,348                           1,396                            306                            6,050                             8.4
metals and mining                                          1,074                              56                             29                            1,159                             1.6
oil and gas                                                1,928                              43                             62                            2,033                             2.8
public exposure                                            2,332                              25                            709                            3,066                             4.3
commercial real estate                                     5,966                          10,187                             11                           16,164                            22.5
technology                                                   741                              20                            191                              952                             1.2
transportation                                             1,434                             144                            631                            2,209                             3.1
utilities                                                  5,239                               1                            397                            5,637                             7.8
other                                                        496                              25                             21                              542                              .8
total                                                    $52,907                         $14,674                         $4,399                          $71,980                           100.0     %
december 31, 2019                                 commercial and industrial                 commercial                       commercial                 total commercial                    percent of real estate                  lease financing                            loans                         total dollars in millions industry classification:
agriculture                                               $1,036                            $178                           $112                           $1,326                             1.9     %
automotive                                                 2,048                             467                             18                            2,533                             3.7
business products                                          1,513                             111                             57                            1,681                             2.5
business services                                          3,083                             203                            210                            3,496                             5.2
chemicals                                                    776                              40                             46                              862                             1.3
construction materials and contractors                     1,876                             238                            244                            2,358                             3.5
consumer discretionary                                     3,646                             400                            467                            4,513                             6.6
consumer services                                          4,567                             863                            535                            5,965                             8.8
equipment                                                  1,428                              76                             98                            1,602                             2.4
finance                                                    6,186                              64                            386                            6,636                             9.7
healthcare                                                 3,000                           1,564                            331                            4,895                             7.2
metals and mining                                          1,117                              44                             41                            1,202                             1.8
oil and gas                                                2,219                              54                             90                            2,363                             3.5
public exposure                                            2,422                              24                            706                            3,152                             4.6
commercial real estate                                     5,126                          10,469                             12                           15,607                            22.9
technology                                                   916                              27                            182                            1,125                             1.6
transportation                                             1,298                             218                            737                            2,253                             3.3
utilities                                                  5,560                               2                            397                            5,959                             8.8
other                                                        478                               7                             19                              504                              .7
total                                                    $48,295                         $15,049                         $4,688                          $68,032                           100.0     %
commercial and industrial. commercial and industrial loans are the largest component of our loan portfolio, representing 52% of our total loan portfolio at december 31, 2020, and 51% at december 31, 2019. this portfolio is approximately 73% variable rate and consists of loans primarily to large corporate, middle market, and small business clients.
commercial and industrial loans totaled $52.9 billion at december 31, 2020, an increase of $4.6 billion compared to december 31, 2019. the growth was broad-based and spread across most industry categories, as the impact of covid-19 resulted in an outstanding balance of $6.7 billion related to the ppp partially offset by a decline in commercial line utilization rates.
commercial real estate loans. our commercial real estate lending business includes both mortgage and construction loans, and is conducted through two primary sources: our 15-state banking franchise, and keybank real estate capital, a national line of business that cultivates relationships with owners of commercial real estate located both within and beyond the branch system. nonowner-occupied properties, generally properties for which at least 50% of the debt service is provided by rental income from nonaffiliated third parties, represented 80% of total commercial real estate loans outstanding at december 31, 2020. construction loans, which provide a stream of funding for properties not fully leased at origination to support debt service payments over the term of the contract or project, represented 14% of commercial real estate loans at year end.
at december 31, 2020, commercial real estate loans totaled $14.7 billion, comprised of $12.7 billion of mortgage loans and $2.0 billion of construction loans. compared to december 31, 2019, this portfolio decreased $375 million, driven by declines in retail properties and office buildings. the impact of e-commerce accelerated by the pandemic resulted in retailers downsizing to smaller, more efficient spaces, with collaborative workspace and open offices losing appeal. remote working and the need for flexibility in space and leasing is driving the move away from central business district (cbd) markets to lower density regions.
as shown in figure 12, our commercial real estate loan portfolio includes various property types and geographic locations of the underlying collateral. these loans include commercial mortgage and construction loans in both consumer bank and commercial bank.
figure 12. commercial real estate loans geographic region dollars in millions                                           west         southwest          central          midwest         southeast         northeast         national           total        percent of total         construction         commercialmortgage december 31, 2020
nonowner-occupied:
retail properties                                       $119               $15              $129             $122              $72              $448              $122           $1,027                 6.8       %           $54                     $973
multifamily properties                                   685               228               875              800            1,284             1,493               229            5,594                38.1                 1,442                    4,152
health facilities                                         83                53                85               87              170               487               338            1,303                 8.7                    91                    1,212
office buildings                                         276                 -               253              142              193               628               147            1,639                11.2                    48                    1,591
warehouses                                                54                31                66               40               52               259               161              663                 4.6                    74                      589
manufacturing facilities                                  42                 -                28               15               40                34                43              202                 1.3                    10                      192
hotels/motels                                             76                 -                19                -               12               107                91              305                 2.1                    18                      287
residential properties                                     -                 -                 -                3                -                53                 -               56                  .4                     -                       56
land and development                                      15                 5                 -                2                5                28                 -               55                  .4                    33                       22
other                                                    108                22                 6               93               69               245               279              822                 6.4                    65                      757
total nonowner-occupied                                1,458               354             1,461            1,304            1,897             3,782             1,410           11,666                80.0                 1,835                    9,831
owner-occupied                                           870                 4               275              499               63             1,297                 -            3,008                20.0                   152                    2,856
total                                                 $2,328              $358            $1,736           $1,803           $1,960            $5,079            $1,410          $14,674               100.0       %        $1,987                  $12,687
nonowner-occupied:
nonperforming loans                                       $1                 -                 -               $7               $6               $44               $44             $103                         n/m            $-                     $103
accruing loans past due 90 days or more                    -                 -                 -                1                -                22                 -               22                         n/m             1                       21
accruing loans past due 30 through 89 days                 3                 -                 -                2                3                 7                 -               14                         n/m             -                       14
december 31, 2019
nonowner-occupied:
retail properties                                       $133               $41              $143             $155             $161              $580              $124           $1,337                 8.9       %           $85                   $1,252
multifamily properties                                   698               354               767              795            1,205             1,350               225            5,394                35.8                 1,189                    4,205
health facilities                                         76                44               104               93              163               497               405            1,382                 9.2                    40                    1,342
office buildings                                         214                 7               293              132              244               725               134            1,749                11.6                    69                    1,680
warehouses                                                51                34                51               51               46               238               134              605                 4.0                     7                      598
manufacturing facilities                                  36                 -                38                4               40                43                54              215                 1.4                     5                      210
hotels/motels                                             76                 -                19                -               12               129                57              293                 1.9                     6                      287
residential properties                                     -                 -                 -                2                -                98                 -              100                  .7                     5                       95
land and development                                      20                 5                 -                3                2                 9                 -               39                  .3                    34                        5
other                                                     80                 9                71               86               22               259               358              885                 5.9                    23                      862
total nonowner-occupied                                1,384               494             1,486            1,321            1,895             3,928             1,491           11,999                79.7                 1,463                   10,536
owner-occupied                                           833                 4               285              536               71             1,321                 -            3,050                20.3                    95                    2,955
total                                                 $2,217              $498            $1,771           $1,857           $1,966            $5,249            $1,491          $15,049               100.0       %        $1,558                  $13,491
nonperforming loans                                       $1                 -                 -               $7                7               $20               $52              $87                         n/m             2                      $85
accruing loans past due 90 days or more                    -                 -                 -                2               $-                11                 -               13                         n/m            $1                       12
accruing loans past due 30 through 89 days                 1                 -                $-                7                -                 8                 -               16                         n/m             2                       14
west -            alaska, california, hawaii, idaho, montana, oregon, washington, and wyoming southwest -       arizona, nevada, and new mexico central -         arkansas, colorado, oklahoma, texas, and utah midwest -         illinois, indiana, iowa, kansas, michigan, minnesota, missouri, nebraska, north dakota, ohio, south dakota, and wisconsin southeast -       alabama, delaware, florida, georgia, kentucky, louisiana, maryland, mississippi, north carolina, south carolina, tennessee, virginia, washington, d.c., and west virginia northeast -       connecticut, maine, massachusetts, new hampshire, new jersey, new york, pennsylvania, rhode island, and vermont national -        accounts in three or more regions consumer loan portfolio consumer loans outstanding at december 31, 2020, totaled $29.2 billion, an increase of $2.6 billion, or 9.7%, from one year ago, driven by strength from laurel road and key's consumer mortgage business. on october 21, 2020, we announced that we would no longer originate indirect auto loans. the current portfolio of approximately $4.6 billion will run off over time.
the home equity portfolio is comprised of loans originated by our consumer bank within our 15-state footprint and is the largest segment of our consumer loan portfolio, representing approximately 32% of consumer loans outstanding at year end.
we held the first lien position for approximately 66% of the consumer bank home equity portfolio at december 31, 2020, and 61% at december 31, 2019. for loans with real estate collateral, we track borrower performance monthly. regardless of the lien position, credit metrics are refreshed quarterly, including recent fico scores as well as original and updated loan-to-value ratios. this information is used in establishing the alll. our methodology is described in note 1 ("summary of significant accounting policies") under the heading "allowance for loan and lease losses."
figure 13. consumer loans by state december 31, 2020            real estate - residential mortgage       home equity loans         consumer direct loans         credit cards       consumer indirect loans           total state new york                                   $1,164                        $2,553                        $593                    $353                       $731                $5,394
ohio                                          698                         1,375                         479                     217                        957                 3,726
washington                                  1,835                         1,300                         236                      86                         20                 3,477
pennsylvania                                  516                            14                         303                       4                         19                   856
california                                    286                           648                         255                      52                        539                 1,780
texas                                          74                             7                         241                       3                         10                   335
colorado                                      828                           345                         140                      30                          6                 1,349
connecticut                                   914                           352                          87                      25                        141                 1,519
oregon                                        720                           782                          97                      41                          4                 1,644
massachusetts                                 239                            48                         103                       5                        460                   855
other                                       2,024                         1,936                       2,180                     173                      1,957                 8,270
total                                      $9,298                        $9,360                      $4,714                    $989                     $4,844               $29,205
december 31, 2019
new york                                   $1,146                        $2,655                        $548                    $404                       $797                $5,550
ohio                                          601                         1,458                         461                     247                        827                 3,594
washington                                  1,126                         1,546                         252                     102                          8                 3,034
connecticut                                   282                           677                         189                      55                        477                 1,680
pennsylvania                                1,029                           375                          68                      26                        154                 1,652
oregon                                        517                           852                          94                      48                          2                 1,513
colorado                                      544                           428                         109                      34                          2                 1,117
massachusetts                                 123                           434                          71                      38                        359                 1,025
california                                    117                           412                         131                      47                        118                   825
texas                                         257                            48                          62                       6                        437                   810
other                                       1,281                         1,389                       1,528                     123                      1,493                 5,814
total                                      $7,023                       $10,274                      $3,513                  $1,130                     $4,674               $26,614
loan sales as shown in figure 14, during 2020, we sold $14.1 billion of our loans. sales of loans classified as held for sale generated net gains of $233 million during 2020.
figure 14 summarizes our loan sales during 2020 and 2019.
figure 14. loans sold (including loans held for sale)
in millions               commercial         commercialreal estate         commercialleasefinancing        residentialreal estate         consumer direct           total
2020
fourth quarter            $197                    $2,412                            $135                         $1,256                         -              $4,000
third quarter              163                     1,999                              67                          1,235                      $208               3,672
second quarter              82                     2,661                              47                            925                         -               3,715
first quarter               55                     2,022                              81                            546                         -               2,704
total                     $497                    $9,094                            $330                         $3,962                      $208             $14,091
2019
fourth quarter             $50                    $3,138                            $222                           $559                         -              $3,969
third quarter              220                     2,600                              68                            569                       247               3,704
second quarter             154                     1,864                              96                            329                         -               2,443
first quarter              301                     1,536                              34                            225                         -               2,096
total                     $725                    $9,138                            $420                         $1,682                       247             $12,212
figure 15 shows loans that are either administered or serviced by us but not recorded on the balance sheet; this includes loans that were sold.
figure 15. loans administered or serviced december 31,in millions                        2020              2019              2018              2017              2016
commercial real estate loans           $371,016          $347,186          $291,158          $238,718          $218,135
residential mortgage                      8,311             6,146             5,209             4,582             4,198
education loans                             516               625               766               932             1,122
commercial lease financing                1,359             1,047               916               862               899
commercial loans                            684               591               549               488               418
consumer direct                           1,711             2,243                 -                 -                 -
total                                  $383,597          $357,838          $298,598          $245,582          $224,772
in the event of default by a borrower, we are subject to recourse with respect to approximately $5.8 billion of the $384 billion of loans administered or serviced at december 31, 2020. additional information about this recourse arrangement is included in note 22 ("commitments, contingent liabilities, and guarantees") under the heading "recourse agreement with fnma."
we derive income from several sources when retaining the right to administer or service loans that are sold. we earn noninterest income (recorded as "consumer mortgage income" and "commercial mortgage servicing fees") from fees for servicing or administering loans. this fee income is reduced by the amortization of related servicing assets. in addition, we earn interest income from investing funds generated by escrow deposits collected in connection with the servicing loans. additional information about our mortgage servicing assets is included in note 9 ("mortgage servicing assets").
maturities and sensitivity of certain loans to changes in interest rates figure 16 shows the remaining maturities of certain commercial and real estate loans, and the sensitivity of those loans to changes in interest rates. at december 31, 2020, approximately 23% of these outstanding loans were scheduled to mature within one year.
figure 16. remaining maturities and sensitivity of certain loans to changes in interest rates december 31, 2020
in millions                                                       within one year        one - five years         over five years           total commercial and industrial                                         $11,496                 $34,546                  $6,866             $52,907
real estate - construction                                            944                     726                     316               1,987
total                                                             $12,440                 $35,272                  $7,182             $54,894
loans with floating or adjustable interest rates (a)                                      $25,476                  $3,897             $29,373
loans with predetermined interest rates (b)                                                 9,796                   3,285              13,081
total                                                                                     $35,272                  $7,182             $42,454
(a)floating and adjustable rates vary in relation to other interest rates (such as the base lending rate) or a variable index that may change during the term of the loan.
(b)predetermined interest rates either are fixed or may change during the term of the loan according to a specific formula or schedule.
securities our securities portfolio totaled $35.2 billion at december 31, 2020, compared to $31.9 billion at december 31, 2019. available-for-sale securities were $27.6 billion at december 31, 2020, compared to $21.8 billion at december 31, 2019. held-to-maturity securities were $7.6 billion at december 31, 2020, compared to $10.1 billion at december 31, 2019.
as shown in figure 17, all of our mortgage-backed securities, which include both securities available-for-sale and held-to-maturity securities, are issued by government-sponsored enterprises or gnma, and are traded in liquid secondary markets. these securities are recorded on the balance sheet at fair value for the available-for-sale portfolio and at cost for the held-to-maturity portfolio. for more information about these securities, see note 6 ("fair value measurements") under the heading "qualitative disclosures of valuation techniques," and note 7 ("securities").
figure 17. mortgage-backed securities by issuer december 31,in millions                2020            2019
fhlmc                            $8,782          $5,115
fnma                             13,213          12,308
gnma                             12,109          14,112
total (a)                       $34,104         $31,535
(a)includes securities held in the available-for-sale and held-to-maturity portfolios.
securities available for sale the majority of our securities available-for-sale portfolio consists of federal agency cmos and mortgage-backed securities. cmos are debt securities secured by a pool of mortgages or mortgage-backed securities. these mortgage securities generate interest income, serve as collateral to support certain pledging agreements, and provide liquidity value under regulatory requirements.
we periodically evaluate our securities available-for-sale portfolio in light of established a/lm objectives, changing market conditions that could affect the profitability of the portfolio, the regulatory environment, and the level of interest rate risk to which we are exposed. these evaluations may cause us to take steps to adjust our overall balance sheet positioning.
in addition, the size and composition of our securities available-for-sale portfolio could vary with our needs for liquidity and the extent to which we are required (or elect) to hold these assets as collateral to secure public funds and trust deposits. although we generally use debt securities for this purpose, other assets, such as securities purchased under resale agreements or letters of credit, are used occasionally when they provide a lower cost of collateral or more favorable risk profiles.
our investing activities continue to complement other balance sheet developments and provide for our ongoing liquidity management needs. our actions to not reinvest the monthly security cash flows at various times served to provide the liquidity necessary to address our funding requirements. these funding requirements included ongoing loan growth and occasional debt maturities. at other times, we may make additional investments that go beyond the replacement of maturities or mortgage security cash flows as our liquidity position and/or interest rate risk management strategies may require. lastly, our focus on investing in high quality liquid assets, including gnma-related securities, is related to liquidity management strategies to satisfy regulatory requirements.
figure 18 shows the composition, te yields, and remaining maturities of our securities available for sale. for more information about these securities, including gross unrealized gains and losses by type of security and securities pledged, see note 7 ("securities").
figure 18. securities available for sale dollars in millions                     u.s. treasury, agencies, and corporations         states and political subdivisions         agency residential collateralized mortgage obligations(a)        agency residential mortgage-backed securities(a),(b)       agency commercial mortgage-backed securities(a)             other             total        weighted-average yield(b)
securities december 31, 2020
remaining maturity:
one year or less                                           $1,000                                          $-                                                      $883                                                            $1                                                       -                           $12            $1,896                        0.63          %
after one through five years                                    -                                           -                                                    10,257                                                         2,145                                                  $3,489                             -            15,891                        2.08
after five through ten years                                    -                                           -                                                     3,133                                                            16                                                   3,814                                           6,964                        2.84
after ten years                                                 -                                           -                                                         -                                                                                                                 2,803                             -             2,805                        1.35
fair value                                                 $1,000                                          $-                                                   $14,273                                                        $2,164                                                 $10,106                           $13           $27,556                           -
amortized cost                                              1,000                                           -                                                    14,001                                                         2,094                                                   9,707                             8            26,810                        2.09          %
weighted-average yield (b)                                   0.16               %                           -   1.78                                                                        %                                    1.99                   %                                2.77                 %         .05   %          2.09     %                     -
weighted-average maturity                                                 - years                                   - years                                                         3.8 years                                                   3.6 years                                             7.5 years          .7 years         4.5 years                     -
december 31, 2019
fair value                                                   $334                                          $4                                                   $12,783                                                        $1,714                                                  $6,997                           $11           $21,843                           -
amortized cost                                                334                                           4                                                    12,772                                                         1,677                                                   6,898                             7            21,692                        2.52          %
(a)maturity is based upon expected average lives rather than contractual terms.
(b)weighted-average yields are calculated based on amortized cost. such yields have been adjusted to a te basis using the statutory federal income tax rate in effect that calendar year.
66
held-to-maturity securities federal agency cmos and mortgage-backed securities constitute essentially all of our held-to-maturity securities. the remaining balance comprises asset-back securities and foreign bonds. figure 19 shows the composition, yields, and remaining maturities of these securities.
figure 19. held-to-maturity securities dollars in millions                                agency residential collateralized mortgage obligations(a)         agency residential mortgage-backed securities(a)       agency commercial mortgage-backed securities(a)       asset-backed securities             other                      total                 weighted-average yield(b)
securities december 31, 2020
remaining maturity:
one year or less                                                                   $70                                                           -                                                      -                                    $4                    $3                        $77                                 2.49   %
after one through five years                                                     2,903                                                        $234                                                 $1,777                                    15                    12                      4,941                                 2.40
after five through ten years                                                       802                                                          37                                                  1,738                                     -                     -                      2,577                                 2.58
after ten years                                                                      -                                                           -                                                      -                                     -                     -                          -                                    -
amortized cost                                                                  $3,775                                                        $271                                                 $3,515                                   $19                   $15                     $7,595                                 2.46   %
fair value                                                                       3,899                                                         285                                                  3,805                                    19                    15                      8,023                                    -
weighted-average yield(b)                                                         2.11                     %                                  2.50                  %                                2.83                 %                1.72         %        3.01     %                 2.46     %                              -
weighted-average maturity                                                                          3.7 years                                                4.4 years                                             5.0 years                     2.8 years         2.0 years                  4.3 years                              -
december 31, 2019
amortized cost                                                                  $5,692                                                        $409                                                 $3,940                                    11                   $15                    $10,067                                 2.43   %
fair value                                                                       5,666                                                         415                                                  4,009                                    11                    15                     10,116                                    -
(a)maturity is based upon expected average lives rather than contractual terms.
(b)weighted-average yields are calculated based on amortized cost. such yields have been adjusted to a te basis using the statutory federal income tax rate in effect that calendar year.
deposits and other sources of funds figure 20. breakdown of deposits at december 31, 2020
deposits are our primary source of funding. at december 31, 2020, our deposits totaled $135.3 billion, an increase of $23.4 billion, compared to december 31, 2019. the increase in deposits compared to the prior year reflects the impact of ppp and government stimulus programs, in addition to our strategy to acquire and expand client relationships.
wholesale funds, consisting of short-term borrowings and long-term debt, totaled $14.7 billion at december 31, 2020, compared to $13.5 billion at december 31, 2019. the increase from the prior year reflects our balance sheet optimization strategy.
figure 21 shows the maturity distribution of time deposits of $100,000 or more.
figure 21. maturity distribution of time deposits of $100,000 or more december 31, 2020                              total in millions remaining maturity:
three months or less                        $701
after three through six months               773
after six through twelve months              835
after twelve months                          424
total                                     $2,733
capital the objective of management of capital is to maintain capital levels consistent with our risk appetite and sufficient in size to operate within a wide range of operating environments. we have identified three primary uses of capital:
1.investing in our businesses, supporting our clients, and loan growth;
2.    maintaining or increasing our common share dividend; and
3.    returning capital in the form of common share repurchases to our shareholders.
the following sections discuss certain ways we have deployed our capital. for further information, see the consolidated statements of changes in equity and note 24 ("shareholders' equity").
(a)common share repurchases were suspended during the third quarter of 2015 due to the then pending merger with first niagara. we resumed our common share repurchase program during the third quarter of 2016 upon the completion of the first niagara merger. common share repurchases were suspended during the second, third and fourth quarters of 2020 in response to the covid-19 pandemic.
dividends consistent with our capital plans, the board declared a quarterly dividend of $.185 per common share for each quarter of 2020. these quarterly dividend payments brought our annual dividend to $.74 per common share for 2020.
common shares outstanding our common shares are traded on the nyse under the symbol key with 32,099 holders of record at december 31, 2020. our book value per common share was $16.53 based on 975.8 million shares outstanding at december 31, 2020, compared to $15.54 based on 977.2 million shares outstanding at december 31, 2019. at december 31, 2020, our tangible book value per common share was $13.61, compared to $12.56 at december 31, 2019.
figure 35 in the section entitled "fourth quarter results" shows per common share earnings and dividends paid by quarter for each of the last two years.
figure 22 shows activities that caused the change in our outstanding common shares over the past two years.
figure 22. changes in common shares outstanding
2020 quarters in thousands                                                                                    2020           fourth           third           second           first              2019
shares outstanding at beginning of period                                                977,189         976,205          975,947         975,319          977,189         1,019,503
open market repurchases and return of shares under employee compensation plans           (8,974)         (1,092)              (1)            (19)          (7,862)          (50,247)
shares issued under employee compensation plans (net of cancellations)                     7,558             660              259             647            5,992             7,933
shares outstanding at end of period                                                      975,773         975,773          976,205         975,947          975,319           977,189
during 2020, common shares outstanding decreased by 1.4 million shares due to common share repurchases under our 2019 and 2020 capital plans.
at december 31, 2020, we had 280.9 million treasury shares, compared to 279.5 million treasury shares at december 31, 2019. going forward, we expect to reissue treasury shares as needed in connection with stock-based compensation awards and for other corporate purposes.
capital adequacy capital adequacy is an important indicator of financial stability and performance. all of our capital ratios remained in excess of regulatory requirements at december 31, 2020. our capital and liquidity levels are intended to position us to weather an adverse operating environment while continuing to serve our clients' needs, as well as to meet the regulatory capital rules described in the "supervision and regulation" section of item 1 of this report. our shareholders' equity to assets ratio was 10.56% at december 31, 2020, compared to 11.75% at december 31, 2019. our tangible common equity to tangible assets ratio was 7.93% at december 31, 2020, compared to 8.64% at december 31, 2019. the new minimum capital and leverage ratios under the regulatory capital rules together with the estimated ratios of keycorp at december 31, 2020, calculated on a fully phased-in basis, are set forth under the heading "basel iii" in the "supervision and regulation" section in item 1 of this report.
69
figure 23 represents the details of our regulatory capital positions at december 31, 2020, and december 31, 2019, under the regulatory capital rules. information regarding the regulatory capital ratios of keycorp's banking subsidiaries is presented in note 24 ("shareholders' equity").
figure 23. capital components and risk-weighted assets december 31, dollars in millions                                                                                                                                    2020              2019
common equity tier 1
key shareholders' equity (gaap)                                                                                                                              $17,981           $17,038
less:                                              preferred stock (a)                                                                                         1,856             1,856
add:                                               cecl phase-in (b)                                                                                             375                 -
common equity tier 1 capital before adjustments and deductions                                             16,500            15,182
less:                                              goodwill, net of deferred taxes                                                                             2,560             2,584
intangible assets, net of deferred taxes                                                                      151               207
deferred tax assets                                                                                             1                 9
net unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities, net of deferred taxes                         583               115
accumulated gains (losses) on cash flow hedges, net of deferred taxes                                         460               250
amounts in aoci attributed to pension and postretirement benefit costs, net of deferred taxes               (306)             (339)
total common equity tier 1 capital                                                                         13,051            12,356
tier 1 capital common equity tier 1                                                                                                                                          13,051            12,356
additional tier 1 capital instruments and related surplus                                                                                                      1,856             1,856
less:                                              deductions                                                                                                      -                 -
total tier 1 capital                                                                                       14,907            14,212
tier 2 capital tier 2 capital instruments and related surplus                                                                                                                 1,657             1,546
allowance for losses on loans and liability for losses on lending-related commitments (b)                                                                      1,412               978
less:                                              deductions                                                                                                      -                 -
total tier 2 capital                                                                                        3,069             2,524
total risk-based capital                                                                                  $17,976           $16,736
risk-weighted assets risk-weighted assets on balance sheet                                                                                                                       $103,604          $102,441
risk-weighted off-balance sheet exposure                                                                                                                      29,240            27,303
market risk-equivalent assets                                                                                                                                  1,354             1,121
gross risk-weighted assets                                                                                134,198           130,865
less:                                              excess allowance for loan and lease losses                                                                      -                 -
net risk-weighted assets                                                                                 $134,198          $130,865
average quarterly total assets                                                                                                                              $166,771          $143,910
capital ratios tier 1 risk-based capital                                                                                                                                      11.11   %         10.86   %
total risk-based capital                                                                                                                                       13.40             12.79
leverage (c)                                                                                                                                                    8.94              9.88
common equity tier 1                                                                                                                                            9.73              9.44
(a)net of capital surplus.
(b)amount reflects our decision to adopt the cecl transitional provision.
(c)the alll included in tier 2 capital is limited by regulation to 1.25% of the institution's standardized total risk-weighted assets (excluding its standardized market risk-weighted assets). the alll includes $36 million and $10 million of allowance classified as "discontinued assets" on the balance sheet at december 31, 2020, and december 31, 2019, respectively.
(d)this ratio is tier 1 capital divided by average quarterly total assets as defined by the federal reserve less: (i) goodwill, (ii) the disallowed intangible and deferred tax assets, and (iii) other deductions from assets for leverage capital purposes.
off-balance sheet arrangements and aggregate contractual obligations off-balance sheet arrangements we are party to various types of off-balance sheet arrangements, which could lead to contingent liabilities or risks of loss that are not reflected on the balance sheet.
variable interest entities in accordance with the applicable accounting guidance for consolidations, we consolidate a vie if we have: (i) a variable interest in the entity; (ii) the power to direct activities of the vie that most significantly impact the entity's economic performance; and (iii) the obligation to absorb losses of the entity or the right to receive benefits from the entity that could potentially be significant to the vie (i.e., we are considered to be the primary beneficiary). additional information regarding the nature of vies and our involvement with them is included in note 1 ("summary of significant accounting policies") under the heading "principles of consolidation and basis of presentation" and in note 13 ("variable interest entities").
commitments to extend credit or funding loan commitments provide for financing on predetermined terms as long as the client continues to meet specified criteria. these commitments generally carry variable rates of interest and have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses. we typically charge a fee for our loan commitments. since a commitment may expire without resulting in a loan or being fully utilized, the total amount of an outstanding commitment may significantly exceed any related cash outlay. further information about our loan commitments at december 31, 2020, is presented in note 22 ("commitments, contingent liabilities, and guarantees") under the heading "commitments to extend credit or funding." figure 24 shows the remaining contractual amount of each class of commitment to extend credit or funding. for loan commitments and commercial letters of credit, this amount represents our maximum possible accounting loss on the unused commitment if the borrower were to draw upon the full amount of the commitment and subsequently default on payment for the total amount of the then outstanding loan.
other off-balance sheet arrangements other off-balance sheet arrangements include financial instruments that do not meet the definition of a guarantee in accordance with the applicable accounting guidance, and other relationships, such as liquidity support provided to asset-backed commercial paper conduits, indemnification agreements and intercompany guarantees. information about such arrangements is provided in note 22 under the heading "other off-balance sheet risk."
contractual obligations figure 24 summarizes our significant contractual obligations, and lending-related and other off-balance sheet commitments at december 31, 2020, by the specific time periods in which related payments are due or commitments expire.
figure 24. contractual obligations and other off-balance sheet commitments december 31, 2020                                                                  within 1 year       after 1 through 3 years       after 3 through 5 years        after 5 years             total in millions contractual obligations:(a)
deposits with no stated maturity                                                 $129,539                          -                             -                       -             $129,539
time deposits of $100,000 or more                                                   2,309                       $378                           $38                      $8                2,733
other time deposits                                                                 2,382                        527                            91                      10                3,010
federal funds purchased and securities sold under repurchase agreements               220                          -                             -                       -                  220
bank notes and other short-term borrowings                                            759                          -                             -                       -                  759
long-term debt                                                                      2,587                      3,634                         2,435                   5,053               13,709
noncancellable operating leases                                                       143                        252                           178                     236                  809
liability for unrecognized tax benefits                                                58                          -                             -                       -                   58
purchase obligations (b)                                                              213                        277                            70                       5                  565
total                                                                            $138,210                     $5,068                        $2,812                  $5,312             $151,402
lending-related and other off-balance sheet commitments:
commercial, including real estate                                                 $17,903                    $19,650                       $11,719                    $885              $50,157
home equity                                                                           490                        510                           613                   7,686                9,299
credit cards                                                                        6,685                          -                             -                       -                6,685
purchase cards                                                                        708                          -                             -                       -                  708
commercial letters of credit                                                           61                          7                             6                       -                   74
principal investing commitments                                                        11                          5                             -                       -                   16
tax credit investment commitments                                                     487                          -                             -                       -                  487
total                                                                             $26,345                    $20,171                       $12,338                  $8,571              $67,426
(a)deposits and borrowings exclude interest.
(b)includes purchase obligations for goods and services covered by noncancellable contracts and contracts including cancellation fees.
guarantees we are a guarantor in various agreements with third parties. as guarantor, we may be contingently liable to make payments to the guaranteed party based on changes in a specified interest rate, foreign exchange rate or other variable (including the occurrence or nonoccurrence of a specified event). these variables, known as underlyings, may be related to an asset or liability, or another entity's failure to perform under a contract. additional information regarding these types of arrangements is presented in note 22 ("commitments, contingent liabilities, and guarantees") under the heading "guarantees."
risk management overview like all financial services companies, we engage in business activities and assume the related risks. the most significant risks we face are credit, compliance, operational, liquidity, market, reputation, strategic, and model risks. our risk management activities are shown in the following chart, and we manage such risks across the entire enterprise to maintain safety and soundness and maximize profitability. certain of these risks are defined and discussed in greater detail in the remainder of this section.
federal banking regulators continue to emphasize with financial institutions the importance of relating capital management strategy to the level of risk at each institution. we believe our internal risk management processes help us achieve and maintain capital levels that are commensurate with our business activities and risks, and conform to regulatory expectations. the table below depicts our risk management hierarchy and associated responsibilities and activities of each group.
group                                        overview and responsibilities                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    activities board of directors                           -oversight capacity-ensure key's risks are managed in a manner that is not only effective and balanced, but also has a fiduciary duty to the shareholders                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        -understands key's risk philosophy-approves the risk appetite-inquires about risk practices-reviews the portfolio of risks-compares the actual risks to the risk appetite-is apprised of significant risks, both actual and emerging, and determines whether management is responding appropriately-challenges management and ensures accountability board of directors audit committee (a)       -oversight of financial statement integrity, regulatory and legal requirements, independent auditors' qualifications and independence, and the performance of the internal audit function and independent auditors-financial reporting, legal matters, and fraud risk                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            -meets with management and approves significant policies relating to the risk areas overseen by the audit committee-receives reports on enterprise risk-meets bi-monthly-convenes to discuss the content of our financial disclosures and quarterly earnings releases board of directors risk committee (a)        -assist the board in oversight of strategies, policies, procedures, and practices relating to the assessment and management of enterprise-wide risk, including credit, market, liquidity, model, operational, compliance, reputation, and strategic risks-assist the board in overseeing risks related to capital adequacy, capital planning, and capital actions                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                -reviews and provides oversight of management's activities related to the enterprise-wide risk management framework, which includes an annual review of the erm policy, including the risk appetite statement, and management and erm reports-approves any material changes to the charter of the erm committee and significant policies relating to risk management, including corporate risk tolerances for major risk categories erm committee                                -chaired by the chief executive officer and comprising other senior level executives-manage risk and ensure that the corporate risk profile is managed in a manner consistent with our risk appetite-oversees the erm program, which encompasses our risk philosophy, policy, framework, and governance structure for the management of risks across the entire company                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          -approves and manages the risk-adjusted capital framework we use to manage risks disclosure committee                         -includes representatives from each of the three lines of defense-meets quarterly to review recent internal and external events to determine whether all appropriate disclosures have been made in reports filed with the sec                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    -convenes quarterly to discuss the content of our 10-q and 10-k tier 2 risk governance committees            -include attendees from each of the three lines of defense-the first line of defense is the line of business primarily responsible to accept, own, proactively identify, monitor, and manage risk-the second line of defense comprises risk management representatives who provide independent, centralized oversight over all risk categories by aggregating, analyzing, and reporting risk information-risk review, our internal audit function, provides the third line of defense. its role is to provide independent assessment and testing of the effectiveness of, appropriateness of, and adherence to keycorp's risk management policies, practices, and controls       -supports the erm committee by identifying early warning events and trends, escalating emerging risks, and discussing forward-looking assessments chief risk officer                           -ensure that relevant risk information is properly integrated into strategic and business decisions-ensure appropriate ownership of risks                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        -provides input into performance and compensation decisions-assesses aggregate enterprise risk-monitors capabilities to manage critical risks-executes appropriate board and stakeholder reporting
-the audit and risk committees meet jointly, as appropriate, to discuss matters that relate to each committee's responsibilities. committee chairpersons routinely meet with management during interim months to plan agendas for upcoming meetings and to discuss emerging trends and events that have transpired since the preceding meeting. all members of the board receive formal reports designed to keep them abreast of significant developments during the interim months.
market risk management market risk is the risk that movements in market risk factors, including interest rates, foreign exchange rates, equity prices, commodity prices, credit spreads, and volatilities will reduce key's income and the value of its portfolios. these factors influence prospective yields, values, or prices associated with the instrument. we are exposed to market risk both in our trading and nontrading activities, which include asset and liability management activities. information regarding our fair value policies, procedures, and methodologies is provided in note 1 ("summary of significant accounting policies") under the heading "fair value measurements" and note 6 ("fair value measurements") in this report.
trading market risk key incurs market risk as a result of trading activities that are used in support of client facilitation and hedging activities, principally within our investment banking and capital markets businesses. key has exposures to a wide range of risk factors including interest rates, equity prices, foreign exchange rates, credit spreads, and commodity prices, as well as the associated implied volatilities and spreads. our primary market risk exposures are a result of trading and hedging activities in the derivative and fixed income markets, including securitization exposures. at december 31, 2020, we did not have any re-securitization positions. we maintain modest trading inventories to facilitate customer flow, make markets in securities, and hedge certain risks including but not limited to credit risk and interest rate risk. the risks associated with these activities are mitigated in accordance with the market risk hedging policy.  the majority of our positions are traded in active markets.
management of trading market risks. market risk management is an integral part of key's risk culture. the risk committee of our board provides oversight of trading market risks. the erm committee and the market risk committee regularly review and discuss market risk reports prepared by our mrm that contain our market risk exposures and results of monitoring activities. market risk policies and procedures have been defined and approved by the market risk committee, a tier 2 risk governance committee, and take into account our tolerance for risk and consideration for the business environment.
the mrm, as the second line of defense, is an independent risk management function that partners with the lines of business to identify, measure, and monitor market risks throughout our company. the mrm is responsible for ensuring transparency of significant market risks, monitoring compliance with established limits, and escalating limit exceptions to appropriate senior management. the various business units and trading desks are responsible for ensuring that market risk exposures are well-managed and prudent. market risk is monitored through various measures, such as var, and through routine stress testing, sensitivity, and scenario analyses. the mrm conducts stress tests for each position using historical worst case and standard shock scenarios. var, stressed var, and other analyses are prepared daily and distributed to appropriate management.
covered positions. we monitor the market risk of our covered positions as defined in the market risk rule, which includes all of our trading positions as well as all foreign exchange and commodity positions, regardless of whether the position is in a trading account. key's covered positions may also include mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities that may be identified as securitization positions or re-securitization positions under the market risk rule. the mrm as well as the lob that trades securitization positions monitor the positions, the portfolio composition and the risks identified in this section on a daily basis consistent with the market risk policies and procedures. at december 31, 2020, covered positions did not include any re-securitization positions. instruments that are used to hedge nontrading activities, such as bank-issued debt and loan portfolios, equity positions that are not actively traded, and securities financing activities, do not meet the definition of a covered position. the mrm is responsible for identifying our portfolios as either covered or non-covered. the covered position working group develops the final list of covered positions, and a summary is provided to the market risk committee.
our significant portfolios of covered positions are detailed below. we analyze market risk by portfolios of covered positions and do not separately measure and monitor our portfolios by risk type. the descriptions below incorporate the respective risk types associated with each of these portfolios.
•fixed income includes those instruments associated with our capital markets business and the trading of securities as a dealer. these instruments may include positions in municipal bonds, bonds backed by the u.s. government, agency and corporate bonds, certain mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities, securities issued by the u.s. treasury, money markets, and certain cmos. the activities and instruments within the fixed income portfolio create exposures to interest rate and credit spread risks.
•interest rate derivatives include interest rate swaps, caps, and floors, which are transacted primarily to accommodate the needs of commercial loan clients. in addition, we enter into interest rate derivatives to offset or mitigate the interest rate risk related to the client positions. the activities within this portfolio create exposures to interest rate risk.
var and stressed var. var is the estimate of the maximum amount of loss on an instrument or portfolio due to adverse market conditions during a given time interval within a stated confidence level. stressed var is used to assess extreme conditions on market risk within our trading portfolios. the mrm calculates var and stressed var on a daily basis, and the results are distributed to appropriate management. var and stressed var results are also provided to our regulators and utilized in regulatory capital calculations.
we use a historical simulation var model to measure the potential adverse effect of changes in interest rates, foreign exchange rates, equity prices, and credit spreads on the fair value of our covered positions and other non-covered positions. historical scenarios are customized for specific positions, and numerous risk factors are incorporated in the calculation. additional consideration is given to the risk factors to estimate the exposures that contain optionality features, such as options and cancelable provisions. var is calculated using daily observations over a one-year time horizon, and approximates a 95% confidence level. statistically, this means that we would expect to incur losses greater than var, on average, five out of 100 trading days, or three to four times each quarter. we also calculate var and stressed var at a 99% confidence level.
the var model is an effective tool in estimating ranges of possible gains and losses on our positions. however, there are limitations inherent in the var model since it uses historical results over a given time interval to estimate future performance. historical results may not be indicative of future results, and changes in the market or composition of our portfolios could have a significant impact on the accuracy of the var model. we regularly review and enhance the modeling techniques, inputs, and assumptions used. our market risk policy includes the independent validation of our var model by key's internal model validation group on an annual basis. the model risk committee oversees the model validation program, and results of validations are discussed with the erm committee.
actual losses for the total covered positions did not exceed aggregate daily var on any day during the quarters ended december 31, 2020, and december 31, 2019. the mrm backtests our var model on a daily basis to evaluate its predictive power. the test compares var model results at the 99% confidence level to daily held profit and loss. results of backtesting are provided to the market risk committee. backtesting exceptions occur when trading losses exceed var. we do not engage in correlation trading or utilize the internal model approach for measuring default and credit migration risk. our net var approach incorporates diversification, but our var calculation does not include the impact of counterparty risk and our own credit spreads on derivatives.
the aggregate var at the 99% confidence level with a one day holding period for all covered positions was $2.8 million at december 31, 2020, and $.9 million at december 31, 2019. figure 25 summarizes our var at the 99% confidence level with a one day holding period for significant portfolios of covered positions for the three months ended december 31, 2020, and december 31, 2019.
figure 25. var for significant portfolios of covered positions
2020                                                                                                     2019
three months ended december 31,                                 three months ended december 31, in millions                              high   low               mean              december 31,                  high              low               mean              december 31, trading account assets:
fixed income                       $2.9         $1.4              $2.1              $2.1                          $1.2              $.6               $.9               $.8
derivatives:
interest rate                      $1.0                .2         $.5               $.5                           $.1         .1                      $.1               $.1
stressed var is calculated by running the portfolios through a predetermined stress period which is approved by the market risk committee and is calculated at the 99% confidence level using the same model and assumptions used for general var. the aggregate stressed var for all covered positions was $2.8 million at december 31, 2020, and $5.1 million at december 31, 2019. figure 26 summarizes our stressed var at the 99% confidence level with a one day holding period for significant portfolios of covered positions for the three months ended december 31, 2020, and december 31, 2019.
figure 26. stressed var for significant portfolios of covered positions
2020                                                                                                     2019
three months ended december 31,                                                                         three months ended december 31, in millions                   high              low               mean              december 31,                             high   low               mean              december 31, trading account assets:
fixed income                  $2.9              $1.4              $2.1              $2.1                               $5.7         $3.2              $4.5              $4.3
derivatives:
interest rate                 $.9               $.2               $.5               $.5                                $1.2         $.2               $.4               $.7
internal capital adequacy assessment.  market risk is a component of our internal capital adequacy assessment. our risk-weighted assets include a market risk-equivalent asset amount, which consists of a var component, stressed var component, a de minimis exposure amount, and a specific risk add-on including the securitization positions. we had no securitization positions as defined by the market risk rule at december 31, 2020. specific risk is the price risk of individual financial instruments, which is not accounted for by changes in broad market risk factors and is measured through a standardized approach. market risk weighted assets, including the specific risk calculations, are run quarterly by the mrm in accordance with the market risk rule and approved by the chief market risk officer.
nontrading market risk most of our nontrading market risk is derived from interest rate fluctuations and its impacts on our traditional loan and deposit products, as well as investments, hedging relationships, long-term debt, and certain short-term borrowings. interest rate risk, which is inherent in the banking industry, is measured by the potential for fluctuations in net interest income and the eve. such fluctuations may result from changes in interest rates and differences in the repricing and maturity characteristics of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. we manage the exposure to changes in net interest income and the eve in accordance with our risk appetite and in accordance with the board approved erm policy.
interest rate risk positions are influenced by a number of factors, including the balance sheet positioning that arises out of customer preferences for loan and deposit products, economic conditions, the competitive environment within our markets, changes in market interest rates that affect client activity, and our hedging, investing, funding, and capital positions. the primary components of interest rate risk exposure consist of reprice risk, basis risk, yield curve risk, and option risk.
•"reprice risk" is the exposure to changes in the level of interest rates and occurs when the volume of interest-bearing liabilities and the volume of interest-earning assets they fund (e.g., deposits used to fund loans) do not mature or reprice at the same time.
•"basis risk" is the exposure to asymmetrical changes in interest rate indexes and occurs when floating-rate assets and floating-rate liabilities reprice at the same time, but in response to different market factors or indexes.
•"yield curve risk" is the exposure to non-parallel changes in the slope of the yield curve (where the yield curve depicts the relationship between the yield on a particular type of security and its term to maturity) and occurs when interest-bearing liabilities and the interest-earning assets that they fund do not price or reprice to the same term point on the yield curve.
•"option risk" is the exposure to a customer or counterparty's ability to take advantage of the interest rate environment and terminate or reprice one of our assets, liabilities, or off-balance sheet instruments prior to contractual maturity without a penalty. option risk occurs when exposures to customer and counterparty early withdrawals or prepayments are not mitigated with an offsetting position or appropriate compensation.
the management of nontrading market risk is centralized within corporate treasury. the risk committee of our board provides oversight of nontrading market risk. the erm committee and the alco review reports on the interest rate risk exposures described above. in addition, the alco reviews reports on stress tests and sensitivity analyses related to interest rate risk. these committees have various responsibilities related to managing nontrading market risk, including recommending, approving, and monitoring strategies that maintain risk positions within approved tolerance ranges. the a/lm policy provides the framework for the oversight and management of interest rate risk and is administered by the alco. the mrm, as the second line of defense, provides additional oversight.
libor transition as disclosed in item 1a. risk factors of this report, libor in its current form is not expected to be available after 2021 for new contracts and to cease publishing all tenors entirely after june 30, 2023. for most products, the most likely replacement rate is expected to be sofr, which has been recommended by the arrc, although uncertainty remains as to whether new benchmarks may evolve and a different credit sensitive benchmark could instead become the market-accepted benchmark. the federal reserve and the occ have encouraged financial institutions not to wait for the end of 2021 to make the transition away from libor. we have established an enterprise wide program to identify and address all libor transition issues. we are collaborating closely with regulators and industry groups on the transition and closely monitoring developments in industry practices related to libor alternatives. the goals of our libor transition program are to:
•identify and analyze libor-based exposure and develop and execute transition strategies;
•review and update near-term strategies and actions for our current libor-based business currently being written;
•assess financial impact and risk while planning and executing mitigation actions;
•understand and strategically address the current market approach to libor and sofr; and
•determine and execute system and process work to be operationally ready for sofr or additional credit sensitive benchmarks.
as part of the libor transition program, we completed an initial risk assessment to help us identify the impact and risks associated with various products, systems, processes, and models. this risk assessment has assisted us in making necessary updates to our infrastructure and operational systems and processes to implement a replacement rate, and we are progressing on schedule to be operationally ready for sofr. we have compiled an inventory of existing legal contracts that are impacted by the libor transition. we are assessing the libor fallback language in those contracts and are devising a strategy to address the libor transition for those contracts. we have also focused on refining libor fallback language in new legal contracts including requiring the use of robust fallback language. our progress is well-paced, especially as it is likely many of the legacy contracts will be provided additional time to remediate due to recent announcements by the ice benchmark administration, the fca-regulated and authorized administrator of libor, that certain libor tenors may continue until june 2023 for legacy contract purposes. we expect to leverage recommendations made by the arrc and isda that are tailored to our specific client segments.
net interest income simulation analysis. the primary tool we use to measure our interest rate risk is simulation analysis. for purposes of this analysis, we estimate our net interest income based on the current and projected composition of our on- and off-balance sheet positions, accounting for recent and anticipated trends in customer activity. the analysis also incorporates assumptions for the current and projected interest rate environments and balance sheet growth projections based on a most likely macroeconomic view. the modeling incorporates investment portfolio and swap portfolio balances consistent with management's desired interest rate risk positioning. the simulation model estimates the amount of net interest income at risk by simulating the change in net interest income that would occur if rates were to gradually increase or decrease over the next 12 months (subject to a floor on market interest rates at zero).
figure 27 presents the results of the simulation analysis at december 31, 2020, and december 31, 2019. at december 31, 2020, our simulated impact to changes in interest rates was modest. exposure to declining rates remains nominal given the low level of market rates in comparison to the floor utilized in the scenario. exposure to rising rates has changed from a detriment in 2019 to a benefit currently as the lower actual market rates reduce the need for additional modeled hedges and lower the projected deposit pricing beta to rising rates. tolerance levels for risk management require the development of remediation plans to maintain residual risk within tolerance if simulation modeling demonstrates that a gradual, parallel 200 basis point increase or 200 basis point decrease in interest rates over the next 12 months would adversely affect net interest income over the same period by more than 5.5%. current modeled exposure is within board approved tolerances.
figure 27. simulated change in net interest income december 31, 2020                            december 31, 2019
basis point change assumption (short-term rates)              -200               +200                      -150               +200
assumed floor in market rates (in basis points)                  -               n/a         25                               n/a tolerance level                                              -5.50           %   -5.50       %            -5.50           %   -5.50       %
interest rate risk assessment                                -2.52           %   4.98        %            -2.47           %   -1.45       %
simulation analysis produces a sophisticated estimate of interest rate exposure based on assumptions input into the model. we tailor certain assumptions to the specific interest rate environment and yield curve shape being modeled and validate those assumptions on a regular basis. however, actual results may differ from those derived in simulation analysis due to unanticipated changes to the balance sheet composition, customer behavior, product pricing, market interest rates, changes in management's desired interest rate risk positioning, investment, funding and hedging activities, and repercussions from unanticipated or unknown events.
we also perform regular stress tests and sensitivity analyses on the model inputs that could materially change the resulting risk assessments. assessments are performed using different shapes of the yield curve, including steepening or flattening of the yield curve, immediate changes in market interest rates, and changes in the relationship of money market interest rates. assessments are also performed on changes to the following assumptions: loan and deposit balances, the pricing of deposits without contractual maturities, changes in lending spreads, prepayments on loans and securities, investment, funding and hedging activities, and liquidity and capital management strategies.
the results of additional assessments indicate that net interest income could increase or decrease from the base simulation results presented in figure 27. net interest income is highly dependent on the timing, magnitude, frequency, and path of interest rate changes and the associated assumptions for deposit repricing relationships, lending spreads, and the balance behavior of transaction accounts. if fixed rate assets increase by $1 billion, or fixed rate liabilities decrease by $1 billion, then the benefit to rising rates would decrease by approximately 25 basis points. if the interest-bearing liquid deposit beta assumption increases or decreases by 5% (e.g., 40% to 45%), then the benefit to rising rates would decrease or increase by approximately 120 basis points.
our current interest rate risk position could fluctuate to higher or lower levels of risk depending on the competitive environment and client behavior that may affect the actual volume, mix, maturity, and repricing characteristics of loan and deposit flows. corporate treasury discretionary activities related to funding, investing, and hedging may also change as a result of changes in customer business flows or changes in management's desired interest rate risk positioning. as changes occur to both the configuration of the balance sheet and the outlook for the economy, management proactively evaluates hedging opportunities that may change our interest rate risk profile.
we also conduct simulations that measure the effect of changes in market interest rates in the second and third years of a three-year horizon. these simulations are conducted in a manner similar to those based on a 12-month horizon. to capture longer-term exposures, we calculate exposures to changes of the eve as discussed in the following section.
economic value of equity modeling. eve complements net interest income simulation analysis as it estimates risk exposure beyond 12-, 24-, and 36-month horizons. eve modeling measures the extent to which the economic values of assets, liabilities, and off-balance sheet instruments may change in response to fluctuations in interest rates. eve is calculated by subjecting the balance sheet to an immediate 200 basis point increase or decrease in interest rates, measuring the resulting change in the values of assets, liabilities, and off-balance sheet instruments, and comparing those amounts with the base case of the current interest rate environment.  this analysis is highly dependent upon assumptions applied to assets and liabilities with non-contractual maturities. those assumptions are based on historical behaviors, as well as our expectations. we develop remediation plans that would maintain residual risk within tolerance if this analysis indicates that our eve will decrease by more than 15% in response to an immediate increase or decrease in interest rates. we are operating within these guidelines as of december 31, 2020.
management of interest rate exposure. we use the results of our various interest rate risk analyses to formulate a/lm strategies to achieve the desired risk profile while managing to our objectives for capital adequacy and liquidity risk exposures. specifically, we manage interest rate risk positions by purchasing securities, issuing term debt with floating or fixed interest rates, and using derivatives. we predominantly use interest rate swaps and options, which modify the interest rate characteristics of certain assets and liabilities.
figure 28 shows all derivative positions that we hold for a/lm purposes. the swap positions are used to convert the contractual interest rate index of agreed-upon amounts of assets and liabilities (i.e., notional amounts) to another interest rate index. for example, fixed-rate debt is converted to a floating rate through a "receive fixed/pay variable" interest rate swap. the volume, maturity, and mix of portfolio swaps change frequently as we adjust our broader a/lm objectives and the balance sheet positions to be hedged. for more information about how we use interest rate swaps to manage our risk profile, see note 8 ("derivatives and hedging activities").
figure 28. portfolio swaps and options by interest rate risk management strategy december 31, 2020
weighted-average                        december 31, 2019
dollars in millions                                            notional            fair                   maturity   receive        pay                        notional           fair amount           value                    (years)   rate           rate                         amount          value receive fixed/pay variable - conventional a/lm (a)         $21,035             $632                            2.4   1.8       %    .2      %              $19,270           $312
receive fixed/pay variable - conventional debt               7,787              415                            3.8   2.1       .1                            8,189            240
receive fixed/pay variable - forward a/lm                        -                -                              -   -              -                        3,400             32
pay fixed/receive variable - conventional debt                  50             (11)                            7.5   .2        3.6              50                            (7)
pay fixed/receive variable - forward securities              2,080               21                           11.2   .3        1.0                               -              -
total portfolio swaps                                      $30,952           $1,057             (c)            3.4   1.8       %    .2      %              $30,909           $577              (c)
floors - conventional a/lm - purchased (b)                  $5,000              $17                             .8   -              -                       $4,200            149
floors - conventional a/lm - sold (b)                            -                -                              -   -              -                        3,900           (15)
total floors                                                $5,000              $17                            1.0   -              -                       $8,100            134
(a)portfolio swaps designated as a/lm are used to manage interest rate risk tied to both assets and liabilities.
(b)conventional a/lm floors do not have a stated receive rate or pay rate and are given a strike price on the option.
(c)excludes accrued interest of $145 million and $543 million at december 31, 2020, and december 31, 2019, respectively.
liquidity risk management liquidity risk, which is inherent in the banking industry, is measured by our ability to accommodate liability maturities and deposit withdrawals, meet contractual obligations, and fund new business opportunities at a reasonable cost, in a timely manner, and without adverse consequences. liquidity management involves maintaining sufficient and diverse sources of funding to accommodate planned, as well as unanticipated, changes in assets and liabilities under both normal and adverse conditions.
governance structure we manage liquidity for all of our affiliates on an integrated basis. this approach considers the unique funding sources available to each entity, as well as each entity's capacity to manage through adverse conditions. the approach also recognizes that adverse market conditions or other events that could negatively affect the availability or cost of liquidity will affect the access of all affiliates to sufficient wholesale funding.
the management of consolidated liquidity risk is centralized within corporate treasury. oversight and governance is provided by the board, the erm committee, the alco, and the chief risk officer. the asset liability management policy provides the framework for the oversight and management of liquidity risk and is administered by the alco. the corporate treasury oversight group within the mrm, as the second line of defense, provides additional oversight. our current liquidity risk management practices are in compliance with the federal reserve board's enhanced prudential standards.
these committees regularly review liquidity and funding summaries, liquidity trends, peer comparisons, variance analyses, liquidity projections, hypothetical funding erosion stress tests, and goal tracking reports. the reviews generate a discussion of positions, trends, and directives on liquidity risk and shape a number of our decisions. when liquidity pressure is elevated, positions are monitored more closely and reporting is more intensive. to ensure that emerging issues are identified, we also communicate with individuals inside and outside of the company on a daily basis.
factors affecting liquidity our liquidity could be adversely affected by both direct and indirect events. an example of a direct event would be a downgrade in our public credit ratings by a rating agency. examples of indirect events (events unrelated to us) that could impair our access to liquidity would be an act of terrorism or war, natural disasters, global pandemics (including covid-19), political events, or the default or bankruptcy of a major corporation, mutual fund or hedge fund. similarly, market speculation, or rumors about us or the banking industry in general, may adversely affect the cost and availability of normal funding sources.
our credit ratings at december 31, 2020, are shown in figure 29 . we believe these credit ratings, under normal conditions in the capital markets, will enable keycorp or keybank to issue fixed income securities to investors.
figure 29. credit ratings december 31, 2020                   short-term        long-term         senior            subordinated         capital           preferred borrowings        deposits(a)       long-term         long-term            securities        stock debt              debt keycorp (the parent company)
standard &amp; poor's               a-2               n/a               bbb+              bbb                  bb+               bb+
moody's                             p-2               n/a               baa1              baa1                 baa2              baa3
fitch                               f1                n/a               a-                bbb+                 bb+               bb+
dbrs                                r-1(low)          n/a               a                 a (low)              a (low)           bbb keybank standard &amp; poor's               a-2               n/a               a-                bbb+                 n/a               n/a moody's                             p-2               p-1/aa3           a3                baa1                 n/a               n/a fitch                               f1                a                 a-                bbb+                 n/a               n/a dbrs                                r-1(middle)       a (high)          a (high)          a                    n/a               n/a
(a)p-1 rating assigned by moody's is specific to keybank's short-term bank deposit ratings.
managing liquidity risk most of our liquidity risk is derived from our business model, which involves taking in deposits, many of which can be withdrawn at anytime, and lending them out in the form of illiquid loan assets. the assessments of liquidity risk are measured under the assumption of normal operating conditions as well as under a stressed environment. we manage these exposures in accordance with our risk appetite, and within board-approved policy limits.
we regularly monitor our liquidity position and funding sources and measure our capacity to obtain funds in a variety of hypothetical scenarios in an effort to maintain an appropriate mix of available and affordable funding. in the normal course of business, we perform a monthly hypothetical funding erosion stress test for both keycorp and keybank. in a "heightened monitoring mode," we may conduct the hypothetical funding erosion stress tests more frequently, and use assumptions to reflect the changed market environment. our testing incorporates estimates for loan and deposit lives based on our historical studies. erosion stress tests analyze potential liquidity scenarios under various funding constraints and time periods. ultimately, they determine the periodic effects that major direct and indirect events would have on our access to funding markets and our ability to fund our normal operations. to compensate for the effect of these assumed liquidity pressures, we consider alternative sources of liquidity and maturities over different time periods to project how funding needs would be managed.
we maintain a contingency funding plan that outlines the process for addressing a liquidity crisis. the plan provides for an evaluation of funding sources under various market conditions. it also assigns specific roles and responsibilities for managing liquidity through a problem period. as part of the plan, we maintain on-balance sheet liquid reserves referred to as our liquid asset portfolio, which consists of high quality liquid assets. during a problem period, that reserve could be used as a source of funding to provide time to develop and execute a longer-term strategy. the liquid asset portfolio at december 31, 2020, totaled $36.6 billion, consisting of $21.1 billion of unpledged securities, $66.9 million of securities available for secured funding at the fhlb, and $15.4 billion of net balances of federal funds sold and balances in our federal reserve account. the liquid asset portfolio can fluctuate due to excess liquidity, heightened risk, or prefunding of expected outflows, such as debt maturities. additionally, as of december 31, 2020, our unused borrowing capacity secured by loan collateral was $22.6 billion at the federal reserve bank of cleveland and $8.4 billion at the fhlb of cincinnati. in 2020, key's outstanding fhlb of cincinnati advances increased by $0.5 billion due to an increase in borrowings.
long-term liquidity strategy our long-term liquidity strategy is to be predominantly funded by core deposits. however, we may use wholesale funds to sustain an adequate liquid asset portfolio, meet daily cash demands, and allow management flexibility to execute business initiatives. key's client-based relationship strategy provides for a strong core deposit base that, in conjunction with intermediate and long-term wholesale funds managed to a diversified maturity structure and investor base, supports our liquidity risk management strategy. we use the loan-to-deposit ratio as a metric to monitor these strategies. our target loan-to-deposit ratio is 90-100% (at december 31, 2020, our loan-to-deposit ratio was 76.5%), which we calculate as the sum of total loans, loans held for sale, and nonsecuritized discontinued loans divided by deposits.
sources of liquidity our primary sources of liquidity include customer deposits, wholesale funding, and liquid assets. if the cash flows needed to support operating and investing activities are not satisfied by deposit balances, we rely on wholesale funding or on-balance sheet liquid reserves. conversely, excess cash generated by operating, investing, and deposit-gathering activities may be used to repay outstanding debt or invest in liquid assets.
liquidity programs we have several liquidity programs, which are described in note 20 ("long-term debt"), that are designed to enable keycorp and keybank to raise funds in the public and private debt markets. the proceeds from most of these programs can be used for general corporate purposes, including acquisitions. these liquidity programs are reviewed from time to time by the board and are renewed and replaced as necessary. there are no restrictive financial covenants in any of these programs.
on march 10, 2020, keybank issued $700 million of 1.25% senior bank notes due march 10, 2023. on december 16, 2020, keybank issued $750 million of fixed-to-floating rate senior bank notes due january 3, 2024, and $350 million of floating rate senior bank notes due january 3, 2024.
liquidity for keycorp the primary source of liquidity for keycorp is from subsidiary dividends, primarily from keybank. keycorp has sufficient liquidity when it can service its debt; support customary corporate operations and activities (including acquisitions); support occasional guarantees of subsidiaries' obligations in transactions with third parties at a reasonable cost, in a timely manner, and without adverse consequences; and fund capital distributions in the form of dividends and share buybacks.
we use a parent cash coverage months metric as the primary measure to assess parent company liquidity. the parent cash coverage months metric measures the number of months into the future where projected obligations can be met with the current quantity of liquidity. we generally issue term debt to supplement dividends from keybank to manage our liquidity position at or above our targeted levels. the parent company generally maintains cash and short-term investments in an amount sufficient to meet projected debt maturities over at least the next 24 months. at december 31, 2020, keycorp held $3.8 billion in cash, which we projected to be sufficient to meet our projected obligations, including the repayment of our maturing debt obligations for the periods prescribed by our risk tolerance.
typically, keycorp meets its liquidity requirements through regular dividends from keybank, supplemented with term debt. federal banking law limits the amount of capital distributions that a bank can make to its holding company without prior regulatory approval. a national bank's dividend-paying capacity is affected by several factors, including net profits (as defined by statute) for the two previous calendar years and for the current year, up to the date of dividend declaration. during 2020, keybank paid $1.25 billion in cash dividends to keycorp. at january 1, 2021, keybank had regulatory capacity to pay $720 million in dividends to keycorp without prior regulatory approval.
on february 6, 2020, keycorp issued $800 million of 2.250% senior notes due april 6, 2027, under its medium-term note program.
our liquidity position and recent activity over the past 12 months, our liquid asset portfolio, which includes overnight and short-term investments, as well as unencumbered, high quality liquid securities held as protection against a range of potential liquidity stress scenarios, has increased as a result of an increase in balances held at the federal reserve, partially offset by a decrease in unpledged securities. the liquid asset portfolio continues to exceed the amount that we estimate would be necessary to manage through an adverse liquidity event by providing sufficient time to develop and execute a longer-term solution.
from time to time, keycorp or keybank may seek to retire, repurchase, or exchange outstanding debt, capital securities, preferred shares, or common shares through cash purchase, privately negotiated transactions or other means. additional information on repurchases of common shares by keycorp is included in part ii, item 5. market for the registrant's common equity, related stockholder matters and issuer purchases of equity securities of this report. such transactions depend on prevailing market conditions, our liquidity and capital requirements, contractual restrictions, regulatory requirements, and other factors. the amounts involved may be material, individually or collectively.
the consolidated statements of cash flows summarize our sources and uses of cash by type of activity for the years ended december 31, 2020, and december 31, 2019.
credit risk management credit risk is the risk of loss arising from an obligor's inability or failure to meet contractual payment or performance terms. like other financial services institutions, we make loans, extend credit, purchase securities, provide financial and payments products, and enter into financial derivative contracts, all of which have related credit risk.
credit policy, approval, and evaluation we manage credit risk exposure through a multifaceted program. the credit risk committee approves management credit policies and recommends significant credit policies to the enterprise risk management committee, the keybank board, and the risk committee of the board for approval. these policies are communicated throughout the organization to foster a consistent approach to granting credit.
our credit risk management team and certain individuals within our lines of business, to whom credit risk management has delegated limited credit authority, are responsible for credit approval. individuals with assigned credit authority are authorized to grant exceptions to credit policies. it is not unusual to make exceptions to established policies when mitigating circumstances dictate, however, a corporate level tolerance has been established to keep exceptions at an acceptable level based upon portfolio and economic considerations.
our credit risk management team uses risk models to evaluate consumer loans. these models, known as scorecards, forecast the probability of serious delinquency and default for an applicant. the scorecards are embedded in the application processing system, which allows for real-time scoring and automated decisions for many of our products. we periodically validate the loan scoring processes.
we maintain an active concentration management program to mitigate concentration risk in our credit portfolios. for individual obligors, we employ a sliding scale of exposure, known as hold limits, which is dictated by the type of loan and strength of the borrower.
allowance for loan and lease losses we estimate the appropriate level of the alll on at least a quarterly basis. the methodology used is described in note 1 ("summary of significant accounting policies") under the heading "allowance for loan and lease losses." briefly, the alll estimate uses various models and estimation techniques based on our historical loss experience, current borrower characteristics, current conditions, reasonable and supportable forecasts and other relevant factors. as described in note 1 ("summary of significant accounting policies"), on january 1, 2020, we adopted asc 326, financial instruments - credit losses, and as such, an expected credit loss methodology, specifically current expected credit losses for the remaining life of our loans and leases, will be used to estimate the appropriate level of the alll. for more information, see note 5 ("asset quality").
as shown in figure 30, our alll from continuing operations increased by $726 million, or 80.7%, from december 31, 2019. our commercial alll decreased by $124 million, or 16.5%, with the adoption of asu 2016-13, financial instruments - credit losses at january 1, 2020. the commercial alll increased by $472 million, or 75.3%, from january 1, 2020, through december 31, 2020, driven by updated economic forecasts that capture additional deterioration triggered by the global covid-19 pandemic. our consumer alll increased by $328 million, or 220.1%, with the adoption of asu 2016-13, financial instruments - credit losses at january 1, 2020. the consumer alll increased $50 million, or 10.5%, from january 1, 2020, through december 31, 2020, driven by portfolio growth and updated economic forecasts that capture additional deterioration triggered by the global covid-19 pandemic.
figure 30. allocation of the allowance for loan and lease losses
2020                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          2019                                                                                                              2018
december 31,dollars in millions               totalallowance         percent ofallowanceto totalallowance       percent ofloan typeto totalloans                totalallowance         percent ofallowanceto totalallowance       percent ofloan typeto totalloans                totalallowance         percent ofallowanceto totalallowance       percent ofloan typeto totalloans commercial and industrial                        $678                                 41.7              %                      52.3            %                   $551                                 61.2              %                      51.0            %                   $532                                 60.2              %                      51.1            %
commercial real estate:
commercial mortgage                               327                                 20.1                                     12.5                                 143                                 15.9                                     14.3                                 142                                 16.1                                     15.9
construction                                       47                                  2.9                                      2.0                                  22                                  2.4                                      1.6                                  33                                  3.8                                      1.9
total commercial real estate loans                374                                 23.0                                     14.5                                 165                                 18.3                                     15.9                                 175                                 19.9                                     17.8
commercial lease financing                         47                                  2.9                                      4.3                                  35                                  3.9                                      5.0                                  36                                  4.1                                      5.1
total commercial loans                          1,099                                 67.6                                     71.1                                 751                                 83.4                                     71.9                                 743                                 84.2                                     74.0
real estate - residential mortgage                102                                  6.3                                      9.2                                   7                                   .8                                      7.4                                   7                                  0.8                                      6.2
home equity loans                                 171                                 10.5                                      9.2                                  31                                  3.5                                     10.9                                  35                                  3.9                                     12.4
consumer direct loans                             128                                  5.3                                      4.7                                  34                                  3.8                                      3.7                                  30                                  3.4                                      2.0
credit cards                                       87                                  7.9                                      1.0                                  47                                  5.2                                      1.2                                  48                                  5.4                                      1.3
consumer indirect loans                            39                                  2.4                                      4.8                                  30                                  3.3                                      4.9                                  20                                  2.3                                      4.1
total consumer loans                              527                                 32.4                                     28.9                                 149                                 16.6                                     28.1                                 140                                 15.8                                     26.0
total loans (a)                                $1,626                                100.0              %                     100.0            %                   $900                                100.0              %                     100.0            %                   $883                                100.0              %                     100.0            %
2017                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          2016
totalallowance         percent ofallowanceto totalallowance       percent ofloan typeto totalloans                totalallowance         percent ofallowanceto totalallowance       percent ofloan typeto totalloans commercial and industrial                        $529                                 60.3              %                      48.4            %                   $508                                 59.2              %                      46.2            %
commercial real estate:
commercial mortgage                               133                                 15.2                                     16.3                                 144                                 16.8                                     17.6
construction                                       30                                  3.4                                      2.3                                  22                                  2.6                                      2.7
total commercial real estate loans                163                                 18.6                                     18.6                                 166                                 19.4                                     20.3
commercial lease financing                         43                                  4.9                                      5.6                                  42                                  4.9                                      5.4
total commercial loans                            735                                 83.8                                     72.6                                 716                                 83.5                                     71.9
real estate - residential mortgage                  7                                  0.8                                      6.3                                  17                                  2.0                                      6.5
home equity loans                                  43                                  4.9                                     13.9                                  54                                  6.3                                     14.7
consumer direct loans                              28                                  3.2                                      2.1                                  24                                  2.8                                      2.1
credit cards                                       44                                  5.0                                      1.3                                  38                                  4.4                                      1.3
consumer indirect loans                            20                                  2.3                                      3.8                                   9                                  1.0                                      3.5
total consumer loans                              142                                 16.2                                     27.4                                 142                                 16.5                                     28.1
total loans (a)                                  $877                                100.0              %                     100.0            %                   $858                                100.0              %                     100.0            %
(a)excludes allocations of the alll related to the discontinued operations of the education lending business in the amount of $36 million at december 31, 2020, $10 million at december 31, 2019, $14 million at december 31, 2018, $16 million at december 31, 2017, and $24 million at december 31, 2016.
net loan charge-offs figure 31 shows the trend in our net loan charge-offs by loan type, while the composition of loan charge-offs and recoveries by type of loan is presented in figure 32.
over the past 12 months, net loan charge-offs increased $19 million. in 2021, we expect net loan charge-offs to average loans to remain within our long-term targeted range of 40 to 60 basis points.
figure 31. net loan charge-offs from continuing operations year ended december 31, dollars in millions                                                                           2020          2019          2018          2017          2016
commercial and industrial                                                                 $317          $292          $122           $93          $107
real estate - commercial mortgage                                                           16             6            18             9           (4)
real estate - construction                                                                   -             5           (2)             1             7
commercial lease financing                                                                  34            21             5             8             9
total commercial loans                                                                     367           324           143           111           119
real estate - residential mortgage                                                           1             1             1           (1)             3
home equity loans                                                                            4            11            10            15            16
consumer direct loans                                                                                     34            29            28            22
credit cards                                                                                              37            37            39            31
consumer indirect loans                                                                     10            17            14            16            14
total consumer loans                                                                        76           100            91            97            86
total net loan charge-offs                                                                $443          $424          $234          $208          $205
net loan charge-offs to average loans                                                      .43   %       .46   %       .26   %       .24   %       .29   %
net loan charge-offs from discontinued operations - education lending business              $-            $7           $10           $18           $17
(a)credit amounts indicate that recoveries exceeded charge-offs.
83
figure 32. summary of loan and lease loss experience from continuing operations year ended december 31,dollars in millions                                                                 2020            2019            2018            2017            2016
average loans outstanding                                                                          $102,689         $91,511         $88,338         $86,365         $71,148
allowance for loan and lease looses at the end of the prior period                                     $900            $883            $877            $858            $796
cumulative effect from change in accounting principle (a)                                               204               -               -               -               -
allowance for loan and lease losses at beginning of period                                            1,104             883             877             858             796
loans charged off:
commercial and industrial                                                                               351             319             159             133             118
real estate - commercial mortgage                                                                        19               8              21              11               5
real estate - construction                                                                                -               5               -               2               9
total commercial real estate loans (c)                                                                   19              13              21              13              14
commercial lease financing                                                                               35              26              10              14              12
total commercial loans (d)                                                                              405             358             190             160             144
real estate - residential mortgage                                                                        2               3               3               3               4
home equity loans                                                                                        11              19              21              30              30
consumer direct loans                                                                                    37              41              36              34              27
credit cards                                                                                             39              44              44              44              35
consumer indirect loans                                                                                  28              34              30              31              21
total consumer loans                                                                                    117             141             134             142             117
total loans charged off                                                                                 522             499             324             302             261
recoveries:
commercial and industrial                                                                                34              27              37              40              11
real estate - commercial mortgage                                                                         3               2               3               2               9
real estate - construction                                                                                -               -               2               1               2
total commercial real estate loans (c)                                                                    3               2               5               3              11
commercial lease financing                                                                                1               5               5               6               3
total commercial loans (d)                                                                               38              34              47              49              25
real estate - residential mortgage                                                                        1               2               2               4               1
home equity loans                                                                                         7               8              11              15              14
consumer direct loans                                                                                                     7               7               6               5
credit cards                                                                                                              7               7               5               4
consumer indirect loans                                                                                  18              17              16              15               7
total consumer loans                                                                                     41              41              43              45              31
total recoveries                                                                                         79              75              90              94              56
net loan charge-offs                                                                                  (443)           (424)           (234)           (208)           (205)
provision (credit) for loan and lease losses                                                            965             441             240             227             267
foreign currency translation adjustment                                                                   -               -               -               -               -
allowance for loan and lease losses at end of year                                                   $1,626            $900            $883            $877            $858
liability for credit losses on lending-related commitments at the end of the prior period               $68             $64             $57             $55             $56
liability for credit losses on contingent guarantees at the end of the prior period                       7               -               -               -               -
cumulative effect from change in accounting principle (a)(b)                                             66               -               -               -               -
liability for credit losses on lending-related commitments at beginning of the year                     141              64              57              55              56
provision (credit) for losses on lending-related commitments                                             56               4               6               2             (1)
liability for credit losses on lending-related commitments at end of the year (e)                      $197             $68             $63             $57             $55
total allowance for credit losses at end of the year                                                 $1,823            $968            $946            $934            $913
net loan charge-offs to average total loans                                                             .43   %         .46   %         .26   %         .24   %         .29   %
allowance for loan and lease losses to period-end loans                                                1.61             .95             .99            1.01            1.00
allowance for credit losses to period-end loans                                                        1.80            1.02            1.06            1.08            1.06
allowance for loan and lease losses to nonperforming loans                                            207.1           156.0           162.9           174.4           137.3
allowance for credit losses to nonperforming loans                                                    232.2           167.8           174.5           185.7           146.1
discontinued operations - education lending business:
loans charged off                                                                                        $5             $12             $15             $26             $28
recoveries                                                                                                5               5               5               8              11
net loan charge-offs                                                                                     $-            $(7)           $(10)           $(18)           $(17)
(a)the cumulative effect from change in accounting principle relates to the january 1, 2020, adoption of asc 2016-13.
(b)excludes $4 million related to the provision for other financial assets.
(c)see figure 12 and the accompanying discussion in the "loans and loans held for sale" section for more information related to our commercial real estate loan portfolio.
(d)see figure 11 and the accompanying discussion in the "loans and loans held for sale" section for more information related to our commercial loan portfolio.
(e)included in "accrued expense and other liabilities" on the balance sheet.
84
nonperforming assets figure 33 shows the composition of our nonperforming assets. as shown in figure 33, nonperforming assets increased $222 million during 2020. the increase was in part driven by pandemic impacts on our consumer related mortgages, commercial and industrial exposures, and modest increases in real estate commercial mortgages. npas were also impacted by the addition of a single large oil and gas property into oreo. see note 1 ("summary of significant accounting policies") under the headings "nonperforming loans," "impaired loans," and "allowance for loan and lease losses" for a summary of our nonaccrual and charge-off policies.
figure 33. summary of nonperforming assets and past due loans from continuing operations december 31, dollars in millions                                                                                          2020          2019          2018          2017          2016
commercial and industrial                                                                                $385          $264          $152          $153          $297
real estate - commercial mortgage                                                                         104            83            81            30            26
real estate - construction                                                                                  -             2             2             2             3
total commercial real estate loans (a)                                                                    104            85            83            32            29
commercial lease financing                                                                                  8             6             9             6             8
total commercial loans (b)                                                                                497           355           244           191           334
real estate - residential mortgage                                                                        110            48            62            58            56
home equity loans                                                                                         154           145           210           229           223
consumer direct loans                                                                                       5             4             4             4             6
credit cards                                                                                                2             3             2             2             2
consumer indirect loans                                                                                    17            22            20            19             4
total consumer loans                                                                                      288           222           298           312           291
total nonperforming loans                                                                                 785           577           542           503           625
nonperforming loans held for sale                                                                          49            94             -             -             -
oreo                                                                                                      100            35            35            31            51
other nonperforming assets                                                                                  3             9             -             -             -
total nonperforming assets                                                                               $937          $715          $577          $534          $676
accruing loans past due 90 days or more                                                                   $86          $101          $112           $89           $87
accruing loans past due 30 through 89 days                                                                241           389           312           359           404
restructured loans - accruing and nonaccruing (c)                                                         363           347           399           317           280
restructured loans included in nonperforming loans (c)                                                    229           183           247           189           141
nonperforming assets from discontinued operations - education lending business                              5             7             8             7             5
nonperforming loans to period-end portfolio loans                                                         .78   %       .61   %       .61   %       .58   %       .73   %
nonperforming assets to period-end portfolio loans plus oreo and other nonperforming assets (c)           .92           .75           .64           .62           .79
(a)see figure 12 and the accompanying discussion in the "loans and loans held for sale" section for more information related to our commercial real estate loan portfolio.
(b)see figure 11 and the accompanying discussion in the "loans and loans held for sale" section for more information related to our commercial loan portfolio.
(c)restructured loans (i.e., tdrs) are those for which key, for reasons related to a borrower's financial difficulties, grants a concession to the borrower that it would not otherwise consider. see note 5,("asset quality") for more information on our tdrs.
figure 34 shows the types of activity that caused the change in our nonperforming loans during each of the last four quarters and the years ended december 31, 2020, and december 31, 2019.
figure 34. summary of changes in nonperforming loans from continuing operations
2020 quarters in millions                                                  2020         fourth         third         second         first          2019
balance at beginning of period                           $577          $834           $760          $632           $577          $542
loans placed on nonaccrual status(a)                    1,199           300            387           293            219           924
charge-offs                                             (521)         (160)          (150)         (111)          (100)         (380)
loans sold                                               (24)           (9)            (6)           (5)            (4)          (57)
payments                                                (226)          (83)           (83)          (29)           (31)         (141)
transfers to oreo                                         (6)           (3)              -             -            (3)          (19)
transfers to nonperforming loans held for sale              -             -              -             -              -         (125)
transfers to other nonperforming assets                     -             -              -             -              -          (13)
loans returned to accrual status                        (214)          (94)           (74)          (20)           (26)         (154)
balance at end of period                                 $785          $785           $834          $760           $632          $577
(a)pci loans meeting nonperforming criteria were historically excluded from key's nonperforming disclosures. as a result of cecl implementation on january 1, 2020, pci loans became pcd loans. pcd loans that met the definition of nonperforming are now included in nonperforming disclosures, resulting in a $45 million increase in nonperforming loans in the first quarter of 2020.
operational and compliance risk management like all businesses, we are subject to operational risk, which is the risk of loss resulting from human error or malfeasance, inadequate or failed internal processes and systems, and external events. these events include, among other things, threats to our cybersecurity, as we are reliant upon information systems and the internet to conduct our business activities. operational risk also encompasses compliance risk, which is the risk of loss from violations of, or noncompliance with, laws, rules and regulations, prescribed practices, and ethical standards. under the dodd-frank act, large financial companies like key are subject to heightened prudential standards and regulation. this heightened level of regulation has increased our operational risk. resulting operational risk losses and/or additional regulatory compliance costs could take the form of explicit charges, increased operational costs, harm to our reputation, or foregone opportunities.
we seek to mitigate operational risk through identification and measurement of risk, alignment of business strategies with risk appetite and tolerance, and a system of internal controls and reporting. we continuously strive to strengthen our system of internal controls to improve the oversight of our operational risk and to ensure compliance with laws, rules, and regulations. for example, an operational event database tracks the amounts and sources of operational risk and losses. this tracking mechanism helps to identify weaknesses and to highlight the need to take corrective action. we also rely upon software programs designed to assist in assessing operational risk and monitoring our control processes. this technology has enhanced the reporting of the effectiveness of our controls to senior management and the board.
the operational risk management program provides the framework for the structure, governance, roles, and responsibilities, as well as the content, to manage operational risk for key. the compliance risk committee serves the same function in managing compliance risk for key. the operational risk committee supports the erm committee by identifying early warning events and trends, escalating emerging risks, and discussing forward-looking assessments. the operational risk committee includes attendees from each of the three lines of defense. primary responsibility for managing and monitoring internal control mechanisms lies with the managers of our various lines of business. the operational risk committee and compliance risk committee are senior management committees that oversee our level of operational and compliance risk and direct and support our operational and compliance infrastructure and related activities. these committees and the operational risk management and compliance functions are an integral part of our erm program. our risk review function regularly assesses the overall effectiveness of our operational risk management and compliance programs and our system of internal controls. risk review reports the results of reviews on internal controls and systems to senior management and the risk and audit committees and independently supports the risk committee's oversight of these controls.
cybersecurity we maintain comprehensive cyber incident response plans, and we devote significant time and resources to maintaining and regularly updating our technology systems and processes to protect the security of our computer systems, software, networks, and other technology assets against attempts by third parties to obtain unauthorized access to confidential information, destroy data, disrupt or degrade service, sabotage systems, or cause other damage. we and many other u.s. financial institutions have experienced distributed denial-of-service attacks from technologically sophisticated third parties. these attacks are intended to disrupt or disable online banking services and prevent banking transactions. we also periodically experience other attempts to breach the security of our systems and data. these cyberattacks have not, to date, resulted in any material disruption of our operations or material harm to our customers, and have not had a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
cyberattack risks may also occur with our third-party technology service providers, and may result in financial loss or liability that could adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations. cyberattacks could also interfere with third-party providers' ability to fulfill their contractual obligations to us. high-profile cyberattacks have targeted retailers, credit bureaus, and other businesses for the purpose of acquiring the confidential information (including personal, financial, and credit card information) of customers, some of whom are customers of ours. we may incur expenses related to the investigation of such attacks or related to the protection of our customers from identity theft as a result of such attacks. in 2020, many companies and u.s. government organizations were victims of a sophisticated and targeted supply chain attack on the solarwinds orion software. while key does not utilize the solarwinds software products, some of our vendors do. we may incur expenses to enhance our systems or processes to protect against cyber or other security incidents. risks and exposures related to cyberattacks are expected to remain high for the foreseeable future due to the rapidly evolving nature and sophistication of these threats, as well as due to the expanding use of internet banking, mobile banking, and other technology-based products and services by us and our clients. see the risk factor entitled "our information systems may experience an interruption or breach in security" in part 1, item 1a. risk factors for additional information on risks related to information security.
as described in more detail in "risk management - overview" in item 7 of this report, the board serves in an oversight capacity ensuring that key's risks are managed in a manner that is effective and balanced and adds value for the shareholders. the board's risk committee has primary oversight for enterprise-wide risk at keycorp, including operational risk (which includes cybersecurity). the risk committee reviews and provides oversight of management's activities related to the enterprise-wide risk management framework, including cyber-related risk. board members are updated on cybersecurity matters at each regularly-scheduled board meeting. the erm committee, chaired by the chief executive officer and comprising other senior level executives, is responsible for managing risk (including cyber-related risk) and ensuring that the corporate risk profile is managed in a manner consistent with our risk appetite. the erm committee reports to the board's risk committee.
gaap to non-gaap reconciliations non-gaap financial measures have inherent limitations, are not required to be uniformly applied, and are not audited. although these non-gaap financial measures are frequently used by investors to evaluate a company, they have limitations as analytical tools, and should not be considered in isolation, nor as a substitute for analyses of results as reported under gaap.
the tangible common equity ratio and the return on tangible common equity ratio have been a focus for some investors, and management believes that these ratios may assist investors in analyzing key's capital position without regard to the effects of intangible assets and preferred stock. since analysts and banking regulators may assess our capital adequacy using tangible common equity, we believe it is useful to enable investors to assess our capital adequacy on these same bases.
year ended december 31, dollars in millions                                                                                              2020              2019              2018              2017              2016
tangible common equity to tangible assets at period end key shareholders' equity (gaap)                                                                           $17,981           $17,038           $15,595           $15,023           $15,240
less:                                              intangible assets (a)                                    2,848             2,910             2,818             2,928             2,788
preferred stock (b)                                      1,856             1,856             1,421             1,009             1,640
tangible common equity (non-gaap)                      $13,277           $12,272           $11,356           $11,086           $10,812
total assets (gaap)                                                                                      $170,336          $144,988          $139,613          $137,698          $136,453
less:                                              intangible assets (a)                                    2,848             2,910             2,818             2,928             2,788
tangible assets (non-gaap)                            $167,488          $142,078          $136,795          $134,770          $133,665
tangible common equity to tangible assets ratio (non-gaap)                                                   7.93   %          8.64   %          8.30   %          8.23   %          8.09   %
average tangible common equity average key shareholders' equity (gaap)                                                                   $17,636           $16,636           $15,131           $15,224           $12,647
less:                                              intangible assets (average) (c)                          2,878             2,909             2,869             2,837             1,825
preferred stock (average)                                1,900             1,755             1,205             1,137               627
average tangible common equity (non-gaap)              $12,858           $11,972           $11,057           $11,250           $10,195
return on average tangible common equity from continuing operations income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to key common shareholders (gaap)                    $1,223            $1,611            $1,793            $1,219              $753
average tangible common equity (non-gaap)                                                                 $12,858           $11,972           $11,057           $11,250           $10,195
return on average tangible common equity from continuing operations (non-gaap)                               9.51   %         13.46   %         16.22   %         10.84   %          7.39   %
return on average tangible common equity consolidated net income (loss) attributable to key common shareholders (gaap)                                           $1,237            $1,620            $1,800            $1,226              $754
average tangible common equity (non-gaap)                                                                  12,858            11,972            11,057            11,250            10,195
return on average tangible common equity consolidated (non-gaap)                                             9.62   %         13.53   %         16.28   %         10.90   %          7.40
(a)for the years ended december 31, 2020, december 31, 2019, december 31, 2018, december 31, 2017, and december 31, 2016, intangible assets exclude $4 million, $7 million, $14 million, $26 million, and $42 million,, respectively, of period-end purchased credit card relationships.
(b)net of capital surplus.
(c)for the years ended december 31, 2020, december 31, 2019, december 31, 2018, december 31, 2017, and december 31, 2016, average intangible assets exclude $6 million, $10 million, $20 million, $34 million, and $43 million, respectively, of average purchased credit card relationships.
the cash efficiency ratio is a ratio of two non-gaap performance measures. accordingly, there is no directly comparable gaap performance measure. the cash efficiency ratio excludes the impact of our intangible asset amortization from the calculation. we believe this ratio provides greater consistency and comparability between our results and those of our peer banks. additionally, this ratio is used by analysts and investors to evaluate how effectively management is controlling noninterest expenses in generating revenue, as they develop earnings forecasts and peer bank analysis.
year ended december 31, dollars in millions                                                              2020            2019            2018            2017            2016
cash efficiency ratio noninterest expense (gaap)                                                 $4,109          $3,901          $3,975          $4,098          $3,756
less:                      intangible asset amortization (gaap)                65              89              99              95              55
adjusted noninterest expense (non-gaap)                                    $4,044          $3,812          $3,876          $4,003          $3,701
net interest income (gaap)                                                 $4,034          $3,909          $3,909          $3,777          $2,919
plus:                      te adjustment                                       29              32              31              53              34
noninterest income (gaap)                                                   2,652           2,459           2,515           2,478           2,071
total te revenue (non-gaap)                                                $6,715          $6,400          $6,455          $6,308          $5,024
cash efficiency ratio (non-gaap)                                             60.2   %        59.6   %        60.0   %        63.5   %        73.7   %
fourth quarter results figure 35 shows our financial performance for each of the past eight quarters. highlights of our results for the fourth quarter of 2020 are summarized below.
earnings our fourth quarter net income from continuing operations attributable to key common shareholders was $549 million, or $.56 per diluted common share, compared to $439 million, or $.45 per diluted common share, for the fourth quarter of 2019.
on an annualized basis, our return on average total assets from continuing operations for the fourth quarter of 2020 was 1.35%, compared to 1.27% for the fourth quarter of 2019. the annualized return on average tangible common equity from continuing operations was 16.61% for the fourth quarter of 2020, compared to 14.09% for the year-ago quarter.
net interest income te net interest income was $1.0 billion for the fourth quarter of 2020, compared to te net interest income of $987 million for the fourth quarter of 2019. the increase in net interest income reflects higher earning asset balances and loan fees, partially offset by a lower net interest margin. the net interest margin was impacted by lower interest rates and a change in balance sheet mix, including elevated levels of liquidity and key's participation in the ppp.
noninterest income our noninterest income was $802 million for the fourth quarter of 2020, compared to $651 million for the year-ago quarter. noninterest income increased by $151 million, primarily driven by a $62 million increase in investment banking and debt placement fees. the record fourth quarter of 2020 for investment banking and debt placement fees was largely related to strong m&a activity. cards and payments income increased $30 million from the year-ago period, driven by higher prepaid card activity. additionally, investments made in key's mortgage business continue to drive consumer mortgage income and commercial mortgage servicing fees, which increased $22 million and $13 million, respectively, from the year-ago quarter.
noninterest expense our noninterest expense was $1.1 billion for the fourth quarter of 2020, compared to $980 million for the fourth quarter of 2019. the increase is primarily related to higher personnel costs of $110 million, reflecting higher production-related incentives and higher salaries due to merit increases. other drivers for the year-over-year increases include payments-related expenses from prepaid card activity incurred in the current period, as well as covid-19-related costs related to steps that the company has taken to ensure the health and safety of teammates.
provision for credit losses our provision for credit losses was $20 million for the fourth quarter of 2020, compared to $109 million for the fourth quarter of 2019. the provision for credit losses reflects the adoption of the cecl accounting standard on january 1, 2020. this framework requires that management estimate credit losses over the full remaining expected life and consider expected future changes in macroeconomic conditions. our alll was $1.6 billion, or 1.61% of total period-end loans, at december 31, 2020, compared to .95% at december 31, 2019.
net loan charge-offs for the fourth quarter of 2020 totaled $135 million, or .53% of average total loans. these results compare to $99 million, or .42%, for the fourth quarter of 2019. the allowance for credit losses was $1.8 billion, or 1.80% of total period-end loans at december 31, 2020, compared to 1.02% at december 31, 2019.
at december 31, 2020, key's nonperforming loans totaled $785 million, which represented .78% of period-end portfolio loans. these results compare to .61% at december 31, 2019. nonperforming assets at december 31, 2020, totaled $937 million, and represented .92% of period-end portfolio loans and oreo and other nonperforming assets compared to .75% at december 31, 2019.
income taxes for the fourth quarter of 2020, we recorded a tax provision from continuing operations of $114 million, compared to a tax provision of $75 million for the fourth quarter of 2019. the fourth quarter of 2019 included a tax benefit of $11 million related to the reversal of a valuation allowance against federal and state capital loss carryforwards acquired from first niagara financial group utilized in the quarter. the effective tax rate for the fourth quarter of 2020 was 16.5%, compared to 14.0% for the same quarter one year ago.
our federal tax expense and effective tax rate differ from the amount that would be calculated using the federal statutory tax rate; primarily from investments in tax-advantaged assets, such as corporate-owned life insurance, tax credits associated with investments in low-income housing projects and energy related projects, and periodic adjustments to our tax reserves as described in note 14 ("income taxes").
figure 35. selected quarterly financial data
2020 quarters                                                         2019 quarters dollars in millions, except per share amounts                                                                         fourth             third             second             first           fourth           third             second             first for the period interest income                                                                                                  $1,125             $1,119            $1,190             $1,251          $1,285           $1,317            $1,329             $1,304
interest expense                                                                                                                       119               172                270             306              345               348                327
net interest income                                                                                               1,035              1,000             1,018                981             979              972               981                977
provision for credit losses                                                                                          20                160               482                359             109              200                74                 62
noninterest income                                                                                                  802                681               692                477             651              650               622                536
noninterest expense                                                                                               1,128              1,037             1,013                931             980              939             1,019                963
income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes                                                        689                484               215                168             541              483               510                488
income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to key                                                        575                424               185                145             466              413               423                406
income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of taxes                                                              7                  4                 2                  1               3                3                 2                  1
net income (loss) attributable to key                                                                               582                428               187                146             469              416               425                407
income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to key common shareholders                                    549                397               159                118             439              383               403                386
income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of taxes                                                              7                  4                 2                  1               3                3                 2                  1
net income (loss) attributable to key common shareholders                                                           556                401               161                119             442              386               405                387
per common share income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to key common shareholders                                   $.57               $.41              $.16               $.12            $.45             $.39              $.40               $.38
income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of taxes                                                            .01                  -                 -                  -               -                -                 -                  -
net income (loss) attributable to key common shareholders (a)                                                       .57                .41               .17                .12             .45              .39               .40                .38
income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to key common shareholders - assuming dilution                .56                .41               .16                .12             .45              .38               .40                .38
income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of taxes - assuming dilution                                        .01                  -                 -                  -               -                -                 -                  -
net income (loss) attributable to key common shareholders - assuming dilution (a)                                   .57                .41               .17                .12             .45              .39               .40                .38
cash dividends paid                                                                                                .185               .185              .185               .185            .185             .185              .170               .170
book value at period end                                                                                          16.53              16.25             16.07              15.95           15.54            15.44             15.07              14.31
tangible book value at period end                                                                                 13.61              13.32             13.12              12.98           12.56            12.48             12.12              11.55
weighted-average common shares outstanding (000)                                                                967,987            967,804           967,147            967,446         973,450          988,319           999,163          1,006,717
weighted-average common shares and potential common shares outstanding (000) (b)                                976,460            973,988           972,141            976,110         984,361          998,328         1,007,964          1,016,504
at period end loans                                                                                                          $101,185           $103,081          $106,159           $103,198         $94,646          $92,760           $91,937            $90,178
earning assets                                                                                                  155,469            155,585           156,177            141,333         130,807          132,160           130,213            127,296
total assets                                                                                                    170,336            170,540           171,192            156,197         144,988          146,691           144,545            141,515
deposits                                                                                                        135,282            136,746           135,513            115,304         111,870          111,649           109,946            108,175
long-term debt                                                                                                   13,709             12,685            13,734             13,732          12,448           14,470            14,312             14,168
key common shareholders' equity                                                                                  16,081             15,822            15,642             15,511          15,138           15,216            15,069             14,474
key shareholders' equity                                                                                         17,981             17,722            17,542             17,411          17,038           17,116            16,969             15,924
performance ratios - from continuing operations return on average total assets                                                                                     1.35    %          1.00   %           .45    %           .40   %        1.27    %        1.14   %          1.19    %          1.18   %
return on average common equity                                                                                   13.65               9.98              4.05               3.10           11.40             9.99             10.94              10.98
return on average tangible common equity (c)                                                                      16.61              12.19              4.96               3.82           14.09            12.38             13.69              13.69
net interest margin (te)                                                                                           2.70               2.62              2.76               3.01            2.98             3.00              3.06               3.13
cash efficiency ratio (c)                                                                                          60.3               60.6              57.9               62.3            58.7             56.0              61.9               61.9
performance ratios - from consolidated operations return on average total assets                                                                                     1.36    %          1.00   %           .46    %           .40   %        1.27    %        1.14   %          1.19    %          1.17   %
return on average common equity                                                                                   13.82              10.08              4.10               3.12           11.48            10.07             11.00              11.01
return on average tangible common equity (c)                                                                      16.82              12.31              5.02               3.86           14.19            12.48             13.75              13.72
net interest margin (te)                                                                                           2.69               2.62              2.76               3.00            2.97             2.98              3.05               3.12
loan to deposit (d)                                                                                                76.5               77.2              80.4               80.4            86.6             85.3              86.1               85.1
capital ratios at period end key shareholders' equity to assets                                                                                10.56    %         10.39   %         10.25    %         11.15   %       11.75    %       11.67   %         11.74    %         11.25   %
key common shareholders' equity to assets                                                                          9.47               9.30              9.16               9.96           10.47            10.40             10.46              10.25
tangible common equity to tangible assets (c)                                                                      7.93               7.76              7.61               8.26            8.64             8.58              8.59               8.43
common equity tier 1                                                                                               9.73               9.47              9.09               8.87            9.44             9.48              9.57               9.81
tier 1 risk-based capital                                                                                         11.11              10.86             10.45              10.21           10.86            10.91             11.01              10.94
total risk-based capital                                                                                          13.40              13.26             12.80              12.22           12.79            12.90             13.03              12.98
leverage                                                                                                           8.94               8.72              8.80               9.78            9.88             9.93             10.00               9.89
trust assets assets under management                                                                                         $44,140            $41,312           $39,722            $36,189         $40,833          $39,416           $38,942            $38,742
other data average full-time-equivalent employees                                                                           17,029             17,097            16,646             16,529          16,537           16,898            17,206             17,554
branches                                                                                                          1,073              1,077             1,077              1,082           1,098            1,101             1,102              1,158
(a)eps may not foot due to rounding.
(b)assumes conversion of common share options and other stock awards and/or convertible preferred stock, as applicable.
(c)see figure 36 entitled "selected quarterly gaap to non-gaap reconciliations," which presents the computations of certain financial measures related to "tangible common equity," and "cash efficiency." the table reconciles the gaap performance measures to the corresponding non-gaap measures, which provides a basis for period-to-period comparisons.
(d)represents period-end consolidated total loans and loans held for sale divided by period-end consolidated total deposits.
90
figure 36. selected quarterly gaap to non-gaap reconciliations
2020 quarters                                                             2019 quarters dollars in millions                                                                                                   fourth             third             second             first             fourth             third             second             first tangible common equity to tangible assets at period end key shareholders' equity (gaap)                                                                                 $17,981            $17,722           $17,542            $17,411           $17,038            $17,116           $16,969            $15,924
less:                                                 intangible assets (a)                                       2,848              2,862             2,877              2,894             2,910              2,928             2,952              2,804
preferred stock (b)                                         1,856              1,856             1,856              1,856             1,856              1,856             1,856              1,421
tangible common equity (non-gaap)                         $13,277            $13,004           $12,809            $12,661           $12,272            $12,332           $12,161            $11,699
total assets (gaap)                                                                                            $170,336           $170,540          $171,192           $156,197          $144,988           $146,691          $144,545           $141,515
less:                                                 intangible assets (a)                                       2,848              2,862             2,877              2,894             2,910              2,928             2,952              2,804
tangible assets (non-gaap)                               $167,488           $167,678          $168,315           $153,303          $142,078           $143,763          $141,593           $138,711
tangible common equity to tangible assets ratio (non-gaap)                                                         7.93    %          7.76   %          7.61    %          8.26   %          8.64    %          8.58   %          8.59    %          8.43   %
average tangible common equity average key shareholders' equity (gaap)                                                                         $17,905            $17,730           $17,688            $17,216           $17,178            $17,113           $16,531            $15,702
less:                                                 intangible assets (average) (c)                             2,855              2,870             2,886              2,902             2,919              2,942             2,959              2,813
preferred stock (average)                                   1,900              1,900             1,900              1,900             1,900              1,900             1,762              1,450
average tangible common equity (non-gaap)                 $13,150            $12,960           $12,902            $12,414           $12,359            $12,271           $11,810            $11,439
return on average tangible common equity from continuing operations net income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to key common shareholders (gaap)                        $549               $397              $159               $118              $439               $383              $403               $386
average tangible common equity (non-gaap)                                                                        13,150             12,960            12,902             12,414            12,359             12,271            11,810             11,439
return on average tangible common equity from continuing operations (non-gaap)                                    16.61    %         12.19   %          4.96    %          3.82   %         14.09    %         12.38   %         13.69    %         13.69   %
return on average tangible common equity consolidated net income (loss) attributable to key common shareholders (gaap)                                                   $556               $401              $161               $119              $442               $386              $405               $387
average tangible common equity (non-gaap)                                                                        13,150             12,960            12,902             12,414            12,359             12,271            11,810             11,439
return on average tangible common equity consolidated (non-gaap)                                                  16.82    %         12.31   %          5.02    %          3.86   %         14.19    %         14.19   %         14.19    %         14.19   %
cash efficiency ratio noninterest expense (gaap)                                                                                       $1,128             $1,037            $1,013               $931              $980               $939            $1,019               $963
less:                                                 intangible asset amortization (gaap)                           15                 15                18                 17                19                 26                22                 22
adjusted noninterest expense (non-gaap)                    $1,113             $1,022              $995               $914              $961               $913              $997               $941
net interest income (gaap)                                                                                       $1,035             $1,000            $1,018               $981              $979               $972              $981               $977
plus:                                                 te adjustment                                                   8                                                                         8                  8                 8                  8
noninterest income (gaap)                                     802                681               692                477               651                650               622                536
total te revenue (non-gaap)                                $1,845             $1,687            $1,717             $1,466            $1,638             $1,630            $1,611             $1,521
cash efficiency ratio (non-gaap)                                                                                   60.3    %          60.6   %          57.9    %          62.3   %          58.7    %          56.0   %          61.9    %          61.9   %
(a)for the three months ended december 31, 2020, september 30, 2020, june 30, 2020, and march 31, 2020, intangible assets exclude $4 million, $5 million, $5 million, and $6 million, respectively, of period-end purchased credit card relationships. for the three months ended december 31, 2019, september 30, 2019, june 30, 2019, and march 31, 2019, intangible assets exclude $7 million, $9 million, $10 million, and $12 million, respectively, of period-end purchased credit card relationships.
(b)net of capital surplus.
(c)for the three months ended december 31, 2020, september 30, 2020, june 30, 2020, and march 31, 2020, average intangible assets exclude $5 million, $5 million, $6 million, and $7 million, respectively, of average purchased credit card relationships. for the three months ended december 31, 2019, september 30, 2019, june 30, 2019, and march 31, 2019, average intangible assets exclude $8 million, $9 million, $11 million, and $13 million, respectively, of average purchased credit card relationships.
critical accounting policies and estimates our business is dynamic and complex. consequently, we must exercise judgment in choosing and applying accounting policies and methodologies. these choices are critical; not only are they necessary to comply with gaap, they also reflect our view of the appropriate way to record and report our overall financial performance. all accounting policies are important, and all policies described in note 1 ("summary of significant accounting policies") should be reviewed for a greater understanding of how we record and report our financial performance.
in our opinion, some accounting policies are more likely than others to have a critical effect on our financial results and to expose those results to potentially greater volatility. these policies apply to areas of relatively greater business importance, or require us to exercise judgment and to make assumptions and estimates that affect amounts reported in the financial statements. because these assumptions and estimates are based on current circumstances, they may prove to be inaccurate, or we may find it necessary to change them. the following is a description of our current critical accounting policies.
in conjunction with the adoption of asc 326 on january 1, 2020, the critical accounting policy and estimate disclosure for our alll was updated. the accounting policy for goodwill was also updated due to the adoption of asu 2017-04, "intangibles - goodwill and other (topic 350): simplifying the test for goodwill impairment."
allowance for loan and lease losses the allowance for loan and lease losses represents management's estimate of all expected credit losses over the expected contractual life of our existing loan portfolio. determining the appropriateness of the allowance is complex and requires judgment by management about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. these critical estimates include significant use of our own historical data and complex methods to interpret them. we have an ongoing process to evaluate and enhance the quality, quantity, and timeliness of our data and interpretation methods used in the determination of these allowances. these evaluations are inherently subjective, as they require material estimates and may be susceptible to significant change, and include, among others:
• pd,
• lgd,
• outstanding balance of the loan,
• movement through delinquency stages,
• amounts and timing of expected future cash flows,
• value of collateral, which may be obtained from third parties,
• economic forecasts which are obtained from a third party provider, and
• qualitative factors, such as changes in current economic conditions, that may not be reflected in modeled results.
as described in our accounting policy related to the alll in note 1 ("basis of presentation and accounting policies") of this report under the heading "allowance for loan and lease losses," we employ a disciplined process and methodology to establish our alll, which has three main components: (i) asset specific / individual loan reserves; (ii) quantitative (formulaic or pooled) reserves; and (iii) qualitative (judgmental) reserves.
we use a non-dcf factor-based approach to estimate expected credit losses that include component pd/lgd/ead models as well as less complex estimation methods for smaller loan portfolios. probability of default models estimate the likelihood a borrower will cease making payments as agreed. these models use observed loan-level information and projected paths of macroeconomic variables. borrower credit attributes including fico scores of consumers and internally assigned risk ratings for commercial borrowers are significant inputs to the models. consumer fico scores are refreshed quarterly and commercial risk ratings are updated annually with select borrowers updated more frequently. the macroeconomic trends that have a significant impact on the probability of default vary by portfolio segment. exposure at default models estimate the loan balance at the time the borrower stops making payments. we use an amortization based formulaic approach to estimate account level ead for all term loans. we use portfolio specific methods in each of our revolving product portfolios. lgd models estimate the loss we will suffer once a loan is in default. account level inputs to lgd models include collateral attributes, such as loan to value.
if we observe limitations in the data or models, we use model overlays to make adjustments to model outputs to capture a particular risk or compensate for a known limitation. these variables and others may result in actual loan losses that differ from the originally estimated amounts.
this estimate produced by our models is forward-looking and requires management to use forecasts about future economic conditions to determine the expected credit loss over the remaining life of an instrument. moody's consensus forecast is the source of macroeconomic projections, including the interest rate forecasts used in the credit models. we use a two year reasonable and supportable period across all products to forecast economic conditions. as the length of the life of a financial asset increases, these inputs may become impractical to estimate as reasonable and supportable. we believe the two year time horizon appropriately aligns with our business planning, available industry guidance, and reliability of various forecasting services. following this two year period in which supportable forecasts can be generated, for all modeled loan portfolios, we revert expected credit losses to a level that is consistent with our historical information by reverting the macroeconomic variables (model inputs) to their long run average. we revert to historical loss rates for less complex estimation methods for smaller portfolios.
a four quarter reversion period is used where the macroeconomic variables linearly revert to their long run average following the two year reasonable and supportable period. we use a 20 year lookback period for determining long run historical average of the macroeconomic variables. we determined the 20 year lookback period is appropriate as it captures the previous two economic cycles including the last downturn and our more recent positive credit experience.
the alll is sensitive to various macroeconomic drivers such as gdp and unemployment as well as portfolio attributes such as remaining term, outstanding balance, risk ratings, fico, ltv, and delinquency status. our alll models were designed to capture the correlation between economic and portfolio changes. as such, evaluating shifts in individual portfolio attributes and macroeconomic variables in isolation may not be indicative of past or future performance.
it is difficult to estimate how potential changes in any one factor or input might affect the overall alll because we consider a wide variety of factors and inputs in estimating the alll. changes in the factors and inputs considered may not occur at the same rate and may not be consistent across all geographies or product types, and changes in factors and input may be directionally inconsistent, such that improvement in one factor may offset deterioration in others. however, to consider the impact of a hypothetical alternate economic forecast, we compared the modeled quantitative allowance results using a downside economic scenario. the maximum difference in the quarterly macroeconomic variables between the base and downside scenarios over the two year reasonable and supportable period includes an approximate 8% decline in gdp annualized growth and an approximate 4% increase in the u.s. unemployment rate. the difference between these two scenarios would have driven an increase of approximately 1.9x for commercial and 1.4x for the consumer modeled allowance results.
similarly, deteriorating conditions for portfolio factors were also considered by moderately stressing key portfolio drivers, relative to the baseline portfolio conditions. stressing risk ratings by two grades for commercial loans generates a 1.3x increase in the commercial modeled allowance results. stressing fico by ten points, and ltv and utilization by 10% for consumer loans generates a 1.2x increase in the consumer modeled allowance results.
note that these analyses demonstrate the sensitivity of the alll to key quantitative assumptions; however, they are not intended to estimate changes in the overall alll as they do not reflect qualitative factors related to idiosyncratic risk factors, changes in current economic conditions that may not be reflected in quantitatively derived results, and other relevant factors that must be considered to ensure the alll reflects our best estimate of current expected credit losses. with the unprecedented economic uncertainty caused by the covid-19 pandemic, future alll results may vary considerably based on the actual magnitude of the pandemic and impact of the united states' monetary and fiscal response.
valuation methodologies fair value measurements we measure or monitor many of our assets and liabilities on a fair value basis. fair value is generally defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) as opposed to the price that would be paid to acquire the asset or received to assume the liability (an entry price), in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date under current market conditions. while management uses judgment when determining the price at which willing market participants would transact when there has been a significant decrease in the volume or level of activity for the asset or liability in relation to "normal" market activity, management's objective is to determine the point within the range of fair value estimates that is most representative of a sale to a third-party investor under current market conditions. the value to us if the asset or liability were held to maturity is not included in the fair value estimates.
a fair value measure should reflect the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability, including the assumptions about the risk inherent in a particular valuation technique, the effect of a restriction on the sale or use of an asset and the risk of nonperformance. fair value is measured based on a variety of inputs. fair value may be based on quoted market prices for identical assets or liabilities traded in active markets (level 1 valuations). if market prices are not available, quoted market prices for similar instruments traded in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active, or model-based valuation techniques for which all significant assumptions are observable in the market are used (level 2 valuations). where observable market data is not available, the valuation is generated from model based techniques that use significant assumptions not observable in the market, but observable based on our specific data (level 3 valuations). unobservable assumptions reflect our estimates for assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. valuation techniques typically include option pricing models, discounted cash flow models and similar techniques, but may also include the use of market prices of assets or liabilities that are not directly comparable to the subject asset or liability.
the selection and weighting of the various fair value techniques may result in a fair value higher or lower than carrying value. considerable judgment may be involved in determining the amount that is most representative of fair value.
for assets and liabilities recorded at fair value, our policy is to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when developing fair value measurements for those items where there is an active market. in certain cases, when market observable inputs for model-based valuation techniques may not be readily available, we are required to make judgments about assumptions market participants would use in estimating the fair value of the financial instrument. the models used to determine fair value adjustments are regularly evaluated by management for relevance under current facts and circumstances.
changes in market conditions may reduce the availability of quoted prices or observable data. for example, reduced liquidity in the capital markets or changes in secondary market activities could result in observable market inputs becoming unavailable. when market data is not available, we use valuation techniques requiring more management judgment to estimate the appropriate fair value.
fair value is used on a recurring basis for certain assets and liabilities in which fair value is the primary measure of accounting. fair value is used on a nonrecurring basis to measure certain assets or liabilities (including held-to-maturity securities, commercial loans held for sale, and oreo) for impairment or for disclosure purposes in accordance with current accounting guidance.
impairment analysis also relates to long-lived assets and core deposit and other intangible assets. an impairment loss is recognized if the carrying amount of the asset is not likely to be recoverable and exceeds its fair value. in determining the fair value, management uses models and applies the techniques and assumptions previously discussed.
see note 1 under the heading "fair value measurements" and note 6 ("fair value measurements") for a detailed discussion of determining fair value, including pricing validation processes.
goodwill the valuation and testing methodologies used in our analysis of goodwill impairment are summarized in note 1
under the heading "goodwill and other intangible assets." goodwill is initially recorded as the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of net assets acquired in a business combination. goodwill is tested for impairment for all three of our reporting units: consumer bank, commercial bank and institutional bank. we perform our annual impairment test as of october 1st and on an interim basis if events or changes in circumstances between annual tests suggest additional testing is needed. effective january 1, 2020, we adopted asu 2017-04, "intangibles - goodwill and other (topic 350): simplifying the test for goodwill impairment," eliminating the second step of goodwill impairment testing. under the new guidance, if the fair value of a reporting unit declines below its carrying value, an impairment charge will be recognized for any amount by which the carrying value exceeds the reporting unit's fair value, to the extent that the loss recognized does not exceed the amount of the goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. the adoption of asu 2017-04 did not impact our current financial condition or results of operations.
in consideration of the deterioration in macroeconomic conditions and industry and market conditions due to the covid-19 pandemic during the third quarter of 2020, we identified a triggering event and performed an interim quantitative test. impairment indicators comprised economic conditions, including projections of the duration of current conditions and timing of a potential recovery; industry and market considerations; government intervention and regulatory updates; the impact of recent events to financial performance and cost factors of the reporting units; performance of our stock; and other relevant events. we utilized a qualitative approach to our annual goodwill impairment test as of october 1, 2020. no impairment was recorded in 2020 as a result of these assessments.
we continue to monitor the impairment indicators for goodwill and other intangible assets, and to evaluate the carrying amount of these assets quarterly. additional information is provided in note 12 ("goodwill and other intangible assets").
derivatives and hedging we primarily use interest rate swaps to hedge interest rate risk for asset and liability management purposes. these derivative instruments modify the interest rate characteristics of specified on-balance sheet assets and liabilities. our accounting policies related to derivatives reflect the current accounting guidance, which provides that all derivatives should be recognized as either assets or liabilities on the balance sheet at fair value, after taking into account the effects of master netting agreements. accounting for changes in the fair value (i.e., gains or losses) of a particular derivative depends on whether the derivative has been designated and qualifies as part of a hedging relationship, and further, on the type of hedging relationship.
the application of hedge accounting requires significant judgment to interpret the relevant accounting guidance, as well as to assess hedge effectiveness, identify similar hedged item groupings, and measure changes in the fair value of the hedged items. we believe our methods of addressing these judgments and applying the accounting guidance are consistent with both the guidance and industry practices. additional information relating to our use of derivatives is included in note 1 under the heading "derivatives and hedging," and note 8 ("derivatives and hedging activities").
contingent liabilities, guarantees and income taxes note 22 ("commitments, contingent liabilities, and guarantees") summarizes contingent liabilities arising from litigation and contingent liabilities arising from guarantees in various agreements with third parties under which we are a guarantor, and the potential effects of these items on the results of our operations. we record a liability for the fair value of the obligation to stand ready to perform over the term of a guarantee. contingent aspects of guarantees within the scope of asc 326 are assessed a reserve under cecl. there is a risk that our actual future payments in the event of a default by the guaranteed party could exceed the recorded amount. see note 22 ("commitments, contingent liabilities, and guarantees") for a comparison of the liability recorded and the maximum potential undiscounted future payments for the various types of guarantees that we had outstanding at december 31, 2020.
it is not always clear how the internal revenue code and various state tax laws apply to transactions that we undertake. in the normal course of business, we may record tax benefits and then have those benefits contested by the irs or state tax authorities. we have provided tax reserves that we believe are adequate to absorb potential adjustments that such challenges may necessitate. however, if our judgment later proves to be inaccurate, the tax reserves may need to be adjusted, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and capital.
additionally, we conduct quarterly assessments that determine the amount of deferred tax assets that are more-likely-than-not to be realized, and therefore recorded. the available evidence used in connection with these assessments includes a history of pretax income, projected future taxable income, potential tax-planning strategies, and projected future reversals of deferred tax liabilities. these assessments are subjective and may change. based on these criteria, and all available positive and negative evidence, we establish a valuation allowance for deferred tax assets when we are unable to conclude it is more likely than not that they will be realized. however, if our assessments prove incorrect, they could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations in the period in which they occur. for further information on our accounting for income taxes, see note 1 ("summary of significant accounting policies") and note 14 ("income taxes").
accounting and reporting developments accounting guidance pending adoption at december 31, 2020
standard                required adoption       description                                                                                                                effect on financial statements or other significant matters asu 2020-06,            january 1, 2022         the asu simplifies the accounting for convertible debt instruments by eliminating the                                      the adoption of this accounting guidance is not expected to have a material effect on our financial condition or results of operations.
debt-debt with          early adoption is       legacy accounting models for convertible instruments with beneficial conversion features conversion and          permitted.              or cash conversion features. the guidance other options                                   also amends the guidance used to determine if
(subtopic                                       a freestanding financial instrument or an embedded feature qualifies for a scope
470-20) and                                     exception from derivative accounting. for freestanding financial instruments and embedded features that have all the derivatives and                                 characteristics of a derivative instrument and hedging-                                        are potentially settled in an entity's own stock, contracts in                                    the guidance simplifies the settlement assessment that entities are required to entity's own                                    perform. also, the update now requires the equity (subtopic                                use of the if-converted method for all
815-40)                                         convertible instruments and includes the effect of potential share settlement in diluted eps if the effect is more dilutive. the new guidance also makes clarifications to the eps calculation. further, the asu expands disclosure requirements.
the guidance should be applied on a modified retrospective or retrospective basis.
our total european sovereign and non-sovereign debt exposure is presented in figure 37.
figure 37. european sovereign and non-sovereign debt exposures december 31, 2020                               short- and long- term commercial total (a)             foreign exchangeand derivativeswith collateral (b)         net exposure in millions france:
sovereigns                                      -                                                                                    -                                -
non-sovereign financial institutions            -                                                                                    -                                -
non-sovereign non-financial institutions        $1                                                                                   -                               $1
total                                           1                                                                                    -                                1
germany:
sovereigns                                      -                                                                                    -                                -
non-sovereign financial institutions            -                                                                                    -                                -
non-sovereign non-financial institutions        33                                                                                   -                               33
total                                           33                                                                                   -                               33
italy:
sovereigns                                      -                                                                                    -                                -
non-sovereign financial institutions            -                                                                                    -                                -
non-sovereign non-financial institutions        -                                                                                    -                                -
total                                           -                                                                                    -                                -
luxembourg:
sovereigns                                      -                                                                                    -                                -
non-sovereign financial institutions            -                                                                                    -                                -
non-sovereign non-financial institutions        -                                                                                    -                                -
total                                           -                                                                                    -                                -
switzerland:
sovereigns                                      -                                                                                    -                                -
non-sovereign financial institutions            -                                                                                    1                                1
non-sovereign non-financial institutions        -                                                                                    -                                -
total                                           -                                                                                    1                                1
united kingdom:
sovereigns                                      -                                                                                    -                                -
non-sovereign financial institutions            -                                                                                 $406                              406
non-sovereign non-financial institutions        -                                                                                    -                                -
total                                           -                                                                                  406                              406
total europe:
sovereigns                                      -                                                                                    -                                -
non-sovereign financial institutions            -                                                                                  407                              407
non-sovereign non-financial institutions        34                                                                                   -                               34
total                                           $34                                                                               $407                             $441
(a)represents our outstanding leases.
(b)represents contracts to hedge our balance sheet asset and liability needs, and to accommodate our clients' trading and/or hedging needs. our derivative mark-to-market exposures are calculated and reported on a daily basis. these exposures are largely covered by cash or highly marketable securities collateral with daily collateral calls.
our credit risk exposure is largely concentrated in developed countries with emerging market exposure essentially limited to commercial facilities; these exposures are actively monitored by management. we do not have at-risk exposures in the rest of the world.
