item 1a.  risk factors.
our business and the businesses of our subsidiaries face many risks and uncertainties. these risks and uncertainties could lead to events or circumstances that have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition or equity and/or the business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition, or equity of one or more of our subsidiaries. we have described below the material risks facing us and our subsidiaries. there may be additional risks that we do not yet know of or that we do not currently perceive to be material that may also impact our business or the businesses of our subsidiaries.
you should carefully consider and evaluate all of the information included in this report and any subsequent reports we may file with the sec and the information we make available to the public before investing in any securities issued by us. our subsidiaries, cna financial corporation and boardwalk pipeline partners, lp, also file reports with the sec. you are also cautioned to carefully review and consider the information contained in the reports filed by those subsidiaries with the sec and the information they make available to the public before investing in any of their securities.
risks related to us and our subsidiary, cna the covid-19 pandemic and measures to mitigate the spread of the virus have resulted in significant risk across cna's enterprise, which have had, and may continue to have, material adverse impacts on its business, results of operations and financial condition, the extent of which cannot be determined with any certainty at this time.
the covid-19 outbreak, and actions seeking to mitigate the spread of the virus, accelerated in both breadth and scope through early 2020, with the world health organization declaring it a pandemic on march 11, 2020. the situation has continued to evolve exponentially with implicated exposures increasing given sustained uncertainties across the global marketplace. both the extensiveness of the pandemic itself, as well as the measures taken to mitigate the virus spread globally, are unprecedented and their effects continue to be pervasive. while vaccination efforts have begun in many geographic locations, the virus continues to spread. accordingly, it remains the case that nearly a year past the initial identification of the threat, all of the direct and indirect consequences and implications of covid-19 and measures to mitigate its spread are not yet known and may not emerge for some time.
risks presented by the ongoing effects of covid-19 that are known at this time include the following:
broad economic impact the economic effect of the pandemic has been broad in nature and has significantly impacted business operations across all industries, including cna. depressed economic conditions have led to, and may continue to lead to, decreased insured exposures causing cna to experience declines in premium volume, especially for lines of business that are sensitive to rates of economic growth and those that are impacted by audit premium adjustments. significant decreases in premium volume directly and adversely impacts cna's underwriting expense ratio. cna recorded a decrease in its estimated audit premiums during the second quarter of 2020 impacting its net earned premium and if general economic conditions do not improve, cna's net written premiums and net earned premiums may be depressed, which may have a material impact on its business, results of operations and financial condition, the extent of which cannot be determined with any certainty at this time.
while cna's losses incurred during 2020 related to covid-19 and measures to mitigate its spread represent cna's best estimate of its ultimate insurance losses resulting from events occurring during 2020 due to the pandemic and the consequent economic crisis given the unprecedented nature of this event, a high level of uncertainty exists as to the potential impact on insurance losses from these events or other events that might occur in the future. the scope, duration and magnitude of the direct and indirect effects could continue to evolve, and could materially impact cna's ultimate loss estimate, including in lines of business where losses have already been incurred, as well as the potential for impacts in other lines unknown at this time. continued spread of the virus, as well as new or extended shelter in place restrictions and full or partial business closures, could cause cna to experience additional covid-19 related catastrophe losses in future quarters, which could be material. for further discussion of risks associated with catastrophe losses, see the risk factor, "cna is vulnerable to material losses from natural and man-made disasters."
financial markets and investments the covid-19 pandemic has also significantly impacted financial markets. as investors have embarked on a flight to quality, risk free rates have decreased. in addition, liquidity concerns and overall economic uncertainties drove increased volatility in credit spreads and equity markets. while government actions to date have provided some stability to financial markets, economic prospects in the short term continue to be depressed and cna remains in a historically low interest rate environment. the continued spread of the virus and the extension of efforts to mitigate the spread in numerous geographic areas will continue to cause substantial uncertainty on the timing and strength of any economic recovery and could continue to impact cna's investment portfolio results and valuations, and may result in additional volatility or losses in its investment portfolio, which could be material.
these significant financial market disruptions may have a material impact on cna's business, results of operations and financial condition, the extent of which cannot be determined with any certainty at this time. for further discussion of risks associated with cna's investments, see the risk factor, "cna may incur significant realized and unrealized investment losses and volatility in net investment income arising from changes in the financial markets."
claims and related litigation cna has experienced, and is likely to continue to experience, increased claim submissions and litigation related to denial of claims based on policy coverage, in certain lines of business that are implicated by the pandemic and mitigating actions taken by its customers and governmental authorities in response to its spread. these lines include primarily healthcare professional liability, workers' compensation, commercial property-related business interruption coverage, management liability (directors and officers, employment practices, and professional liability lines) and trade credit. cna has recorded significant losses in these areas during 2020 and may experience continued losses, which could be material. in addition, cna's surety lines may experience increased losses, particularly in construction surety, where there is significant risk that contractors will be adversely and materially impacted by a prolonged decline in economic conditions.
increased frequency or severity in any or all of the foregoing lines, or others where the exposure has yet to emerge, may have a material impact on cna's business, results of operations and financial condition, the extent of which cannot be determined with any certainty at this time.
cna has also incurred and may continue to incur substantial expenses related to litigation activity in connection with covid-related legal claims. these actions primarily relate to denial of claims submitted as a result of the pandemic and the mitigating actions under commercial property policies for business interruption coverage, including lockdowns and closing of certain businesses. the significance of such litigation, both in substance and volume, and the resultant activities cna has initiated, including external counsel engagement, and the costs related thereto, may have a material impact on cna's business, results of operations and financial condition, the extent of which cannot be determined with any certainty at this time.
regulatory impact the regulatory environment is rapidly evolving in direct response to the pandemic and the related mitigating actions. numerous regulatory authorities to which cna's business is subject, have implemented or are contemplating broad and significant regulations restricting and governing insurance company operations during the pandemic crisis. such actions include, but are not limited to, premium moratoriums, premium refunds and reductions, restrictions on policy cancellations and potential legislation-driven expansion of policy terms. to date, certain state authorities have ordered premium refunds and certain regulatory and legislative bodies have proposed requiring insurers to cover business interruption under policies that were not written to provide for such coverage under the current circumstances. in addition, certain states have directed expansion of workers' compensation coverage through presumption of compensability of claims for a broad category of workers. this highly fluid and challenging regulatory environment, and the new regulations cna is now, and may be, subject to may have a material impact on its business, results of operations and financial condition, the extent of which cannot be determined with any certainty at this time. for further discussion of risks associated with cna's regulatory environment, see the risk factor, "cna is subject to extensive existing state, local, federal and foreign governmental regulations that restrict its ability to do business and generate revenues; additional regulation or significant modification to existing regulations or failure to comply with regulatory requirements may have a materially adverse effect on cna's business, operations and financial condition."
if cna determines that its recorded insurance reserves are insufficient to cover its estimated ultimate unpaid liability for claim and claim adjustment expenses, cna may need to increase its insurance reserves which would result in a charge to cna's earnings.
cna maintains insurance reserves to cover its estimated ultimate unpaid liability for claim and claim adjustment expenses, including the estimated cost of the claims adjudication process, for reported and unreported claims. insurance reserves are not an exact calculation of liability but instead are complex management estimates developed utilizing a variety of actuarial reserve estimation techniques as of a given reporting date. the reserve estimation process involves a high degree of judgment and variability and is subject to a number of factors which are highly uncertain. these variables can be affected by both changes in internal processes and external events. key variables include frequency of claims, claim severity, mortality, morbidity, discount rates, inflation, claim handling policies and procedures, case reserving approach, underwriting and pricing policies, changes in the legal and regulatory environment and the lag time between the occurrence of an insured event and the time of its ultimate settlement. mortality is the relative incidence of death. morbidity is the frequency and severity of injury, illness, sickness and diseases contracted.
there is generally a higher degree of variability in estimating required reserves for long-tail coverages, such as workers' compensation, general liability and professional liability, as they require a relatively longer period of time for claims to be reported and settled. the impact of changes in inflation and medical costs are also more pronounced for long-tail coverages due to the longer settlement period. certain risks and uncertainties associated with cna's insurance reserves are outlined in the insurance reserves and critical accounting estimates sections of md&a in item 7.
cna is subject to the uncertain effects of emerging or potential claims and coverage issues that arise as industry practices and legal, judicial, social, economic and other environmental conditions change. these issues have had, and may continue to have, a negative effect on cna's business, results of operations and financial condition by either extending coverage beyond the original underwriting intent or by increasing the number or size of claims, resulting in further increases in cna's reserves. the effects of unforeseen emerging claim and coverage issues are extremely difficult to predict and may be material.
in light of the many uncertainties associated with establishing the estimates and making the judgments necessary to establish reserve levels, cna continually reviews and changes its reserve estimates in a regular and ongoing process as experience develops from the actual reporting and settlement of claims and as the legal, regulatory and economic environment evolves. if cna's recorded reserves are insufficient for any reason, the required increase in reserves would be recorded as a charge against its earnings in the period in which reserves are determined to be insufficient. these charges could be substantial.
cna's actual experience could vary from the key assumptions used to determine active life reserves for long term care policies.
cna's active life reserves for long term care policies are based on cna's best estimate assumptions as of september 30, 2020, due to a reserve unlocking at that date. key assumptions include morbidity, persistency (the percentage of policies remaining in force), discount rate and future premium rate increases.
estimating future experience for long term care policies is highly uncertain, because the adequacy of the reserves is contingent upon actual experience and cna's future expectations related to these key assumptions. if actual or expected future experience differs from these assumptions, the reserves may not be adequate, requiring cna to add reserves. the required increase in reserves would be recorded as a charge against its earnings in the period in which reserves are determined to be insufficient. these charges could be substantial. see the life & group policyholder reserves portion of the insurance reserves section of md&a in item 7 for more information.
morbidity and persistency experience, inclusive of mortality, can be volatile and may be negatively affected by many factors including, but not limited to, policyholder behavior, judicial decisions regarding policy terms, socioeconomic factors, cost of care inflation, changes in health trends and advances in medical care.
a prolonged period during which investment returns remain at levels lower than those anticipated in cna's reserving would result in shortfalls in investment income on assets supporting cna's obligations under long term care policies, which may require changes to its reserves. this risk is more significant for cna's long term care products because the long potential duration of the policy obligations exceeds the duration of the supporting investment assets. further, changes to the internal revenue code may also affect the rate at which cna discounts its reserves. in addition, cna may not receive regulatory approval for the level of premium rate increases it requests. any adverse deviation between the level of future premium rate increases approved and the level included in cna's reserving assumptions may require an increase to its reserves.
cna is vulnerable to material losses from natural and man-made disasters.
catastrophe losses are an inevitable part of cna's business. various events can cause catastrophe losses. these events can be natural or man-made, and may include hurricanes, windstorms, earthquakes, hail, severe winter weather, fires, floods, riots, strikes, civil unrest, cyber attacks, pandemics and acts of terrorism. the frequency and severity of these catastrophe events are inherently unpredictable. in addition, longer-term natural catastrophe trends may be changing and new types of catastrophe losses may be developing due to climate change, a phenomenon that has been associated with extreme weather events linked to rising temperatures, and includes effects on global weather patterns, greenhouse gases, sea, land and air temperatures, sea levels, rain, hail and snow.
the extent of cna's losses from catastrophes is a function of the total amount of its insured exposures in the affected areas, the frequency and severity of the events themselves, the level of reinsurance coverage, reinsurance reinstatement premiums and state residual market assessments, if any. it can take a long time for the ultimate cost of any catastrophe losses to cna to be finally determined, as a multitude of factors contribute to such costs, including evaluation of general liability and pollution exposures, infrastructure disruption, business interruption and reinsurance collectibility. further, significant catastrophic events or a series of catastrophic events have the potential to impose financial stress on the reinsurance industry, which could impact cna's ability to collect amounts owed to cna by reinsurers, thereby resulting in higher net incurred losses.
reinsurance coverage for terrorism events is provided only in limited circumstances, especially in regard to "unconventional" terrorism acts, such as nuclear, biological, chemical or radiological attacks. cna's principal reinsurance protection against these large-scale terrorist attacks is the coverage currently provided through tripra through december 31, 2027. however, such coverage is subject to a mandatory deductible and other limitations. it is also possible that future legislation could change or eliminate the program, which could adversely affect cna's business by increasing its exposure to terrorism losses, or by lowering its business volume through efforts to avoid that exposure. for a further discussion of tripra, see part ii, item 7, md&a - catastrophes and related reinsurance.
as a result of the items discussed above, catastrophe losses are particularly difficult to estimate, could cause cna to exhaust its available reinsurance limits and could adversely affect the cost and availability of reinsurance. accordingly, catastrophic events could have a material adverse effect on cna's business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.
cna has exposure related to a&ep claims, which could result in material losses.
cna's property and casualty insurance subsidiaries have exposures related to a&ep claims. cna's experience has been that establishing claim and claim adjustment expense reserves for casualty coverages relating to a&ep claims is subject to uncertainties that are greater than those presented by other claims. additionally, traditional actuarial methods and techniques employed to estimate the ultimate cost of claims for more traditional property and casualty exposures are less precise in estimating claim and claim adjustment expense reserves for a&ep. as a result, estimating the ultimate cost of both reported and unreported a&ep claims is subject to a higher degree of variability.
on august 31, 2010, cna completed a retroactive reinsurance transaction under which substantially all of its legacy a&ep liabilities were ceded to national indemnity company ("nico"), a subsidiary of berkshire hathaway inc., subject to an aggregate limit of $4.0 billion ("loss portfolio transfer" or "lpt"). the cumulative amount ceded under the loss portfolio transfer as of december 31, 2020 is $3.3 billion. if the other parties to the loss portfolio transfer do not fully perform their obligations, net losses incurred on a&ep claims covered by the loss portfolio transfer exceed the aggregate limit of $4.0 billion or cna determines it has exposures to a&ep claims not covered by the loss portfolio transfer, cna may need to increase its recorded net reserves which would result in a charge against earnings. these charges could be substantial. additionally, if the a&ep claims exceed the limit of the loss portfolio transfer, cna will need to assess whether to purchase additional limit or to reassume claim handling responsibility for a&ep claims from an affiliate of nico. any additional reinsurance premium or future claim handling costs would also reduce cna's earnings.
cna is exposed to, and may face adverse developments related to, mass tort claims that could arise from its insureds' sale or use of potentially harmful products or substances, changes to the social and legal environment, issues related to altered interpretation of coverage and other new and emerging claim theories.
cna faces potential exposure to various types of new and emerging mass tort claims including, those related to exposure to potentially harmful products or substances such as glyphosate, lead paint and opioids; claims arising from changes that expand the right to sue, remove limitations on recovery, extend the statutes of limitations or otherwise repeal or weaken tort reforms, such as those related to abuse reviver statutes, including new york reviver statutes; and claims related to new and emerging theories of liability, such as those related to global warming and climate change. evolving judicial interpretations and new legislation regarding the application of various tort theories and defenses, including application of various theories of joint and several liability, as well as the application of insurance coverage to these claims, give rise to new claimant activity. emerging mass tort claim activity, including activity based on such changing judicial interpretations and recent and proposed legislation could have a material adverse effect on cna's business, results of operations and financial condition.
cna may not be able to obtain sufficient reinsurance at a cost or on terms and conditions it deems acceptable, which could result in increased exposure to risk or a decrease in cna's underwriting commitments.
a primary reason cna purchases reinsurance is to manage its exposure to risk. under cna's ceded reinsurance arrangements, another insurer assumes a specified portion of cna's exposure in exchange for a specified portion of policy premiums. market conditions determine the availability and cost of the reinsurance protection cna purchases, which affects the level of its business and profitability, as well as the level and types of risk cna retains. if cna is unable to obtain sufficient reinsurance at a cost or on terms and conditions it deems acceptable, cna may have increased exposure to risk, which could be material. alternatively, cna may be unwilling to bear the increased risk, which would reduce the level of its underwriting commitments.
cna faces intense competition in its industry; it may be adversely affected by the cyclical nature of the property and casualty business and the evolving landscape of its distribution network.
all aspects of the insurance industry are highly competitive and cna must continuously allocate resources to refine and improve its insurance products and services to remain competitive. cna competes with a large number of stock and mutual insurance companies and other entities, some of which may be larger or have greater financial or other resources than cna does, for both distributors and customers. this includes agents, brokers and managing general underwriters who may increasingly compete with cna to the extent that they continue to have direct access to providers of capital seeking exposure to insurance risk. insurers compete on the basis of many factors, including products, price, services, ratings and financial strength. the competitor landscape has evolved substantially in recent years, with significant consolidation and new market entrants, such as insuretech firms, resulting in increased pressures on cna's ability to remain competitive, particularly in obtaining pricing that is both attractive to cna's customer base and risk appropriate to cna.
in addition, the property and casualty market is cyclical and has experienced periods characterized by relatively high levels of price competition, resulting in less restrictive underwriting standards and relatively low premium rates, followed by periods of relatively lower levels of competition, more selective underwriting standards and relatively high premium rates. during periods in which price competition is high, cna may lose business to competitors offering competitive insurance products at lower prices. as a result, cna's premium levels and expense ratio could be materially adversely impacted.
cna markets its insurance products worldwide primarily through independent insurance agents, insurance brokers and managing general underwriters who also promote and distribute the products of cna's competitors. any change in cna's relationships with its distribution network agents, brokers or managing general underwriters, including as a result of consolidation and their increased promotion and distribution of cna's competitors' products, could adversely affect cna's ability to sell its products. as a result, cna's business volume and results of operations could be materially adversely impacted.
cna may be adversely affected by technological changes or disruptions in the insurance marketplace.
technological changes in the way insurance transactions are completed in the marketplace, and cna's ability to react effectively to such change, may present significant competitive risks. for example, more insurers are utilizing "big data" analytics to make underwriting and other decisions that impact product design and pricing. if such utilization is more effective than how cna uses similar data and information, cna will be at a competitive disadvantage. there can be no assurance that cna will continue to compete effectively with its industry peers due to technological changes; accordingly this may have a material adverse effect on cna's business, results of operations and financial condition.
in addition, agents and brokers, technology companies or other third parties may create alternate distribution channels for commercial business that may adversely impact product differentiation and pricing. for example, they may create a digitally enabled distribution channel that may adversely impact cna's competitive position. cna's efforts or the efforts of agents and brokers with respect to new products or alternate distribution channels, as well as changes in the way agents and brokers utilize greater levels of data and technology, could adversely impact cna's business relationships with independent agents and brokers who currently market its products, resulting in a lower volume and/or profitability of business generated from these sources.
cna may incur significant realized and unrealized investment losses and volatility in net investment income arising from changes in the financial markets.
cna's investment portfolio is exposed to various risks, such as interest rate, credit spread, issuer default, equity prices and foreign currency, which are unpredictable. financial markets are highly sensitive to changes in economic conditions, monetary policies, tax policies, domestic and international geopolitical issues and many other factors. changes in financial markets including fluctuations in interest rates, credit, equity prices and foreign currency prices, and many other factors beyond cna's control can adversely affect the value of its investments, the realization of investment income and the rate at which it discounts certain liabilities. cna's investment portfolio is also subject to increased valuation uncertainties when investment markets are illiquid. the valuation of investments is more subjective when markets are illiquid, thereby increasing the risk that the estimated fair value (i.e., the carrying amount) of the portion of cna's investment portfolio that is carried at fair value in the financial statements is not reflective of prices at which actual transactions could occur.
cna has significant holdings in fixed maturity investments that are sensitive to changes in interest rates. a decline in interest rates may reduce the returns earned on new fixed maturity investments, thereby reducing cna's net investment income, while an increase in interest rates may reduce the value of its existing fixed maturity investments, which could reduce cna's net unrealized gains included in accumulated other comprehensive income ("aoci"). the value of cna's fixed maturity investments is also subject to risk that certain investments may default or become impaired due to deterioration in the financial condition of issuers of the investments cna holds or in the underlying collateral of the security.
in addition, cna invests a portion of its assets in limited partnerships and common stock which are subject to greater market volatility than its fixed maturity investments. limited partnership investments generally provide a lower level of liquidity than fixed maturity or equity investments, which may also limit cna's ability to withdraw funds from these investments. the timing and amount of income or losses on such investments is inherently variable and can contribute to volatility in reported earnings.
further, cna holds a portfolio of commercial mortgage loans. cna is subject to risk related to the recoverability of loan balances, which is influenced by declines in the estimated cash flows from underlying property leases, fair value of collateral, refinancing risk and the creditworthiness of tenants of the underlying properties, where lease payments directly service the loan. any changes in actual or expected collections would result in a charge to earnings.
as a result of these factors, cna may not earn an adequate return on its investments, may be required to write down the value of its investments and may incur losses on the disposition of its investments, all of which could materially adversely affect cna's business, results of operations and financial condition.
cna uses analytical models to assist its decision making in key areas such as pricing, reserving and capital modeling and may be adversely affected if actual results differ materially from the model outputs and related analyses.
cna uses various modeling techniques and data analytics (e.g., scenarios, predictive, stochastic and/or forecasting) to analyze and estimate exposures, loss trends and other risks associated with its assets and liabilities. this includes both proprietary and third party modeled outputs and related analyses to assist cna in decision-making related to underwriting, pricing, capital allocation, reserving, investing, reinsurance and catastrophe risk, among other things. cna incorporates numerous assumptions and forecasts about the future level and variability of policyholder behavior, loss frequency and severity, interest rates, equity markets, inflation, capital requirements, and currency exchange rates, among others. the modeled outputs and related analyses from both proprietary models and third parties are subject to various assumptions, uncertainties, model design errors and the inherent limitations of any statistical analysis. further, climate change may make modeled outcomes less certain or produce new, non-modeled risks.
in addition, the effectiveness of any model can be degraded by operational risks, including the improper use of the model, input errors, data errors and human error. as a result, actual results may differ materially from cna's modeled results. the profitability and financial condition of cna substantially depends on the extent to which its actual experience is consistent with the assumptions cna uses in its models and ultimate model outputs. if, based upon these models or other factors, cna misprices its products or fails to appropriately estimate the risks it is exposed to, its business, results of operations and financial condition may be materially adversely affected.
inability to detect and prevent significant employee or third party service provider misconduct, inadvertent errors and omissions, or exposure relating to functions performed on cna's behalf could result in a material adverse effect on cna's business, results of operations and financial condition.
cna may incur losses which arise from employees or third party service providers engaging in intentional, negligent or inadvertent misconduct, fraud, errors and omissions, failure to comply with internal guidelines, including with respect to underwriting authority, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements. cna's or its third party service providers' controls may not be able to detect all possible circumstances of such non-compliant activity and the internal structures in place to prevent this activity may not be effective in all cases. any losses relating to such non-compliant activity could adversely affect cna's business, results of operations and financial condition.
portions of cna's insurance business is underwritten and serviced by third parties. with respect to underwriting, cna's contractual arrangements with third parties will typically grant them limited rights to write new and renewal policies, subject to contractual restrictions and obligations, including requiring them to underwrite within the terms of cna's licenses. should these third parties issue policies that exceed these contractual restrictions, cna could be deemed liable for such policies and subject to regulatory fines and penalties for any breach of licensing requirements. it is possible that in such circumstance cna might not be fully indemnified for such third parties' contractual breaches.
additionally, cna relies on certain third-party claims administrators, including the administrators of its long term care claims, to perform significant claim administration and claim adjudication functions. any failure by such administrator to properly perform service functions may result in losses as a result of over-payment of claims, legal claims against cna and adverse regulatory enforcement exposure.
cna has also licensed certain systems from third parties. cna cannot be certain that it will have access to these systems or that its information technology or application systems will continue to operate as intended.
these risks could adversely impact cna's reputation and client relationships and have a material adverse effect on its business, results of operations and financial condition.
cna is subject to capital adequacy requirements and, if it is unable to maintain or raise sufficient capital to meet these requirements, regulatory agencies may restrict or prohibit cna from operating its business.
insurance companies such as cna are subject to capital adequacy standards set by regulators to help identify companies that merit further regulatory attention. in the u.s., these standards apply specified risk factors to various asset, premium and reserve components of cna's legal entity statutory basis of accounting financial statements. current rules, including those promulgated by insurance regulators and specialized markets such as lloyd's, require companies to maintain statutory capital and surplus at a specified minimum level determined using the applicable jurisdiction's regulatory capital adequacy formula. if cna does not meet these minimum requirements, cna may be restricted or prohibited from operating its business in the applicable jurisdictions and specialized markets. if cna is required to record a material charge against earnings in connection with a change in estimated insurance reserves or the occurrence of a catastrophic event or if it incurs significant losses related to its investment portfolio, which severely deteriorates its capital position, cna may violate these minimum capital adequacy requirements unless it is able to raise sufficient additional capital. cna may be limited in its ability to raise significant amounts of capital on favorable terms or at all.
the iais has adopted a common framework for the supervision of internationally active insurance groups and continues to develop a group basis insurance capital standard ("ics"). the naic is also developing a group capital standard that is intended to be comparable to the ics. the development and adoption of these capital standards could increase cna's prescribed capital requirement, the level at which regulatory scrutiny intensifies, as well as significantly increase its cost of regulatory compliance.
cna's insurance subsidiaries, upon whom cna depends for dividends in order to fund its corporate obligations, are limited by insurance regulators in their ability to pay dividends.
cna is a holding company and is dependent upon dividends, loans and other sources of cash from its subsidiaries in order to meet its obligations. ordinary dividend payments or dividends that do not require prior approval by the insurance subsidiaries' domiciliary insurance regulator are generally limited to amounts determined by formulas that vary by jurisdiction. if cna is restricted from paying or receiving intercompany dividends, by regulatory rule or otherwise, cna may not be able to fund its corporate obligations and debt service requirements or pay stockholder dividends from available cash. as a result, cna would need to pursue other sources of capital which may be more expensive or may not be available at all.
rating agencies may downgrade their ratings of cna, adversely affecting its ability to write insurance at competitive rates or at all and increasing its cost of capital.
ratings are an important factor in establishing the competitive position of insurance companies. cna's insurance company subsidiaries, as well as cna's public debt, are rated by rating agencies, including, a.m. best company ("a.m. best"), moody's investors service, inc. ("moody's"), s&p global ratings ("s&p") and fitch ratings, inc. ("fitch"). ratings reflect the rating agency's opinions of an insurance company's or insurance holding company's financial strength, capital adequacy, enterprise risk management practices, operating performance, strategic position and ability to meet its obligations to policyholders and debt holders.
the rating agencies may take action to lower cna's ratings in the future as a result of any significant financial loss or changes in the methodology or criteria applied by the rating agencies. the severity of the impact on cna's business is dependent on the level of downgrade and, for certain products, which rating agency takes the rating action. among the adverse effects in the event of such downgrades would be the inability to obtain a material volume of business from certain major insurance brokers, the inability to sell a material volume of cna's insurance products to certain markets and the required collateralization of certain future payment obligations or reserves. further, if one or more of cna's corporate debt ratings were downgraded, cna may find it more difficult to access the capital markets and may incur higher borrowing costs.
in addition, it is possible that a significant lowering of our corporate debt ratings by certain of the rating agencies could result in an adverse effect on cna's ratings, independent of any change in cna's circumstances. for further discussion of cna's ratings, see the subsidiaries portion of the liquidity and capital resources section of md&a in item 7.
cna is subject to extensive existing state, local, federal and foreign governmental regulations that restrict its ability to do business and generate revenues; additional regulation or significant modification to existing regulations or failure to comply with regulatory requirements may have a materially adverse effect on cna's business, results of operations and financial condition.
the insurance industry is subject to comprehensive and detailed regulation and supervision. most insurance regulations are designed to protect the interests of cna's policyholders and third-party claimants rather than its investors. each jurisdiction in which cna does business has established supervisory agencies that regulate the manner in which cna conducts its business. any changes in regulation could impose significant burdens on cna. in addition, the lloyd's marketplace sets rules under which its members, including cna's hardy syndicate, operate.
these rules and regulations relate to, among other things, the standards of solvency (including risk-based capital measures), government-supported backstops for certain catastrophic events (including terrorism), investment restrictions, accounting and reporting methodology, establishment of reserves and potential assessments of funds to settle covered claims against impaired, insolvent or failed private or quasi-governmental insurers.
regulatory powers also extend to premium rate regulations which require that rates not be excessive, inadequate or unfairly discriminatory. state jurisdictions ensure compliance with such regulations through market conduct exams, which may result in losses to the extent non-compliance is ascertained, either as a result of failure to document transactions properly or failure to comply with internal guidelines, or otherwise. cna may also be required by the jurisdictions in which it does business to provide coverage to persons who would not otherwise be considered eligible or restrict cna from withdrawing from unprofitable lines of business or unprofitable market areas. each jurisdiction dictates the types of insurance and the level of coverage that must be provided to such involuntary risks. cna's share of these involuntary risks is mandatory and generally a function of its respective share of the voluntary market by line of insurance in each jurisdiction.
risks related to us and our subsidiary, boardwalk pipelines boardwalk pipelines' natural gas transportation and storage operations are subject to extensive regulation by the ferc, including rules and regulations related to the rates it can charge for its services and its ability to construct or abandon facilities. boardwalk pipelines may not be able to recover the full cost of operating its pipelines, including earning a reasonable return.
boardwalk pipelines' natural gas transportation and storage operations are subject to extensive regulation by the ferc, including the types, rates and terms of services boardwalk pipelines may offer to its customers, construction of new facilities, creation, modification or abandonment of services or facilities and recordkeeping and relationships with affiliated companies. an adverse ferc action in any of these areas could affect boardwalk pipelines' ability to compete for business, construct new facilities, offer new services or recover the full cost of operating its pipelines. this regulatory oversight can result in longer lead times to develop and complete any future project than competitors that are not subject to the ferc's regulations. the ferc can also deny boardwalk pipelines the right to abandon certain facilities from service.
the ferc also regulates the rates boardwalk pipelines can charge for its natural gas transportation and storage operations. for cost-based services, the ferc establishes both the maximum and minimum rates boardwalk pipelines can charge. the basic elements that the ferc considers are the costs of providing service, the volumes of gas being transported, the rate design, the allocation of costs between services, the capital structure and the rate of return a pipeline is permitted to earn. boardwalk pipelines may not be able to recover its costs, including certain costs associated with pipeline integrity, through existing or future rates.
the ferc and/or boardwalk pipelines' customers could challenge the maximum applicable rates that any of its regulated pipelines are allowed to charge in accordance with section 5 of the nga. potential legislation that would amend section 5 of the nga to add refund provisions could increase the likelihood of such a challenge. if such a challenge is successful for any of boardwalk pipelines' pipelines, the revenues associated with transportation and storage services the pipeline provides pursuant to cost-of-service rates could materially decrease in the future, which would adversely affect the revenues on that pipeline going forward.
legislative and regulatory initiatives relating to pipeline safety that require the use of new or more prescriptive compliance activities, substantial changes to existing integrity management programs or withdrawal of regulatory waivers could subject boardwalk pipelines to increased capital and operating costs and operational delays.
boardwalk pipelines' interstate pipelines are subject to regulation by phmsa, which is part of the dot. phmsa regulates the design, installation, testing, construction, operation, and maintenance of existing interstate natural gas and ngls pipeline facilities. phmsa regulation currently requires pipeline operators to implement integrity management programs, including frequent inspections, correction of certain identified anomalies and other measures to promote pipeline safety in hcas, mcas, class 3 and class 4 areas, as well as in areas unusually sensitive to environmental damage and commercially navigable waterways. states have jurisdiction over certain of boardwalk pipelines' intrastate pipelines and have adopted regulations similar to existing phmsa regulations. state regulations may impose more stringent requirements than found under federal law that affect boardwalk pipelines' intrastate operations. compliance with these rules over time generally has resulted in an overall increase in maintenance costs. the imposition of new or more stringent pipeline safety rules applicable to natural gas or ngl pipelines, or any issuance or reinterpretation of guidance from phmsa or any state agencies with respect thereto could cause boardwalk pipelines to install new or modified safety controls, pursue additional capital projects or conduct maintenance programs on an accelerated basis, any or all of which tasks could result in boardwalk pipelines incurring increased capital and operating costs, experiencing operational delays and suffering potential adverse impacts to its operations or ability to reliably serve its customers. requirements that are imposed under the 2011 act or the more recent 2016 act may also increase boardwalk pipelines' capital and operating costs or impact the operation of its pipelines. in the fiscal year 2021 omnibus appropriations bill, congress reauthorized phmsa through fiscal year 2023 and directed the agency to move forward with several regulatory actions. any new pipeline safety legislation or implementing regulations could impose more stringent or costly compliance obligations on boardwalk pipelines and could require it to pursue additional capital projects or conduct integrity or maintenance programs on an accelerated basis, any or all of which tasks could result in boardwalk pipelines incurring increased operating costs that could have a material adverse effect on its costs of providing transportation services.
boardwalk pipelines has entered into certain firm transportation contracts with shippers on certain of its expansion projects that utilize the design capacity of certain of its pipeline assets, based upon the authority boardwalk pipelines received from phmsa to operate those pipelines at higher than normal operating pressures of up to 0.80 of the pipeline's smys under issued permits with specific conditions. phmsa retains discretion to withdraw or modify this authority. if phmsa were to withdraw or materially modify such authority, it could affect boardwalk pipelines' ability to transport all of its contracted quantities of natural gas on these pipeline assets and it could incur significant additional costs to reinstate this authority or to develop alternate ways to meet its contractual obligations.
boardwalk pipelines' actual construction and development costs could exceed its forecasts, its anticipated cash flow from construction and development projects will not be immediate and its construction and development projects may not be completed on time or at all.
boardwalk pipelines has been and is currently engaged in several construction projects involving its existing assets and the construction of new facilities for which it has expended or will expend significant capital. boardwalk pipelines expects to continue to engage in the construction of additional growth projects and modifications of its system. when boardwalk pipelines builds a new pipeline or expands or modifies an existing facility, the design, construction and development occurs over an extended period of time, and it will not receive any revenue or cash flow from that project until after it is placed into commercial service. on boardwalk pipelines' interstate pipelines there are several years between when the project is announced and when customers begin using the new facilities. during this period, boardwalk pipelines spends capital and incurs costs without receiving any of the financial benefits associated with the projects. the construction of new assets involves regulatory (federal, state and local), landowner opposition, environmental, activist, legal, political, materials and labor costs, as well as operational and other risks that are difficult to predict and some are beyond boardwalk pipelines' control. a project may not be completed on time or at all due to a variety of factors, may be impacted by significant cost overruns or may be materially changed prior to completion as a result of developments or circumstances that boardwalk pipelines is not aware of when it commits to the project. any of these events could result in material unexpected costs or have a material adverse effect on boardwalk pipelines' ability to realize the anticipated benefits from its growth projects.
legislative and regulatory initiatives related to climate change make boardwalk pipelines' operations as well as the operations of its fossil fuel producer customers subject to a series of regulatory, political, litigation and financial risks associated with the production and processing of fossil fuels and emission of greenhouse gases ("ghgs").
the threat of climate change continues to attract considerable attention in the u.s. and in foreign countries. numerous proposals have been made and could continue to be made at the international, national, regional and state levels of government to monitor and limit existing emissions of ghgs as well as to restrict or eliminate such future emissions, which makes boardwalk pipelines operations as well as the operations of its fossil fuel producer customers subject to a series of regulatory, political, litigation and financial risks associated with the production and processing of fossil fuels and emission of ghgs.
in the u.s., no comprehensive climate change legislation has been implemented at the federal level. with the u.s. supreme court finding that ghg emissions constitute a pollutant under the caa, the environmental protection agency ("epa") has adopted several rules that, among other things, establish construction and operating permit reviews for ghg emissions from certain large stationary sources, require the monitoring and annual reporting of ghg emissions from certain natural gas system sources in the u.s., implement new source performance standards ("nsps") directing the reduction of methane from certain new, modified or reconstructed facilities in the natural gas sector, and together with the dot, implement ghg emissions limits on vehicles manufactured for operation in the u.s. in recent years, there has been considerable uncertainty surrounding regulation of methane emissions, as the epa under the obama administration published final regulations under the caa establishing new performance standards for methane in 2016, but since that time the epa under the trump administration has undertaken several measures, including publishing in september of 2020 final rule policy and technical amendments to the nsps, for stationary sources of air emissions. the policy amendments, effective september 14, 2020, notably removed the transmission and storage sector from the regulated source category and rescinded methane and volatile organic compound ("voc") requirements for the remaining sources that were established by former president obama's administration; whereas the technical amendments, effective november 16, 2020, included changes to fugitive emissions monitoring and repair schedules for gathering and boosting compressor stations and low-production wells, and recordkeeping and reporting requirements. various states and industry and environmental groups are separately challenging both the original 2016 standards and the epa's september 2020 final rules, and on january 20, 2021, president biden issued an executive order, that directed the epa to reconsider the technical amendments and issue a proposed rule suspending, revising or rescinding those amendments by no later than september of 2021. a reconsideration of the september 2020 policy amendments is expected to follow. the january 20, 2021, executive order also directed the establishment of new methane and voc standards applicable to existing oil and gas operations, including the production, transmission, processing and storage segments. various states and groups of states have adopted or are considering adopting legislation, regulations or other regulatory initiatives that are focused on such areas as ghg cap and trade programs, carbon taxes, reporting and tracking programs and restriction of emissions. at the international level, the non-binding paris agreement requests that nations limit their ghg emissions through individually-determined reduction goals every five years after 2020. although the u.s. had withdrawn from the paris agreement, president biden has issued executive orders recommitting the u.s. to the paris agreement and calling for the federal government to begin formulating the u.s.' nationally determined emissions reduction goal under the agreement. with the u.s. recommitting to the paris agreement, additional executive orders may be issued or federal legislation or regulatory initiatives may be adopted to achieve the paris agreement's goals.
governmental, scientific and public concern over the threat of climate change arising from ghg emissions has resulted in increasing political risks in the u.s. on january 27, 2021, president biden issued an executive order that commits to substantial action on climate change, calling for, among other things, suspending the issuance of new leases for oil and gas development on federal lands, pending completion of a review of leasing and permitting practices and expanding on the acting secretary of the u.s. department of the interior's january 20, 2020 order, effective immediately, that suspends new oil and gas leases and drilling permits on federal lands and waters for a period of 60 days. the executive order also called for the increased use of zero-emissions vehicles by the federal government, the elimination of subsidies provided to the fossil fuel industry, and an increased emphasis on climate-related risks across government agencies and economic sectors. legal challenges to these suspensions are expected, with at least one industry group filing a lawsuit on january 27, 2021, in wyoming federal district court and seeking to have the moratorium declared invalid. the new presidential administration could also pursue the imposition of more restrictive requirements for the establishment of pipeline infrastructure or the permitting of lng export facilities, as well as more restrictive ghg emissions limitations for oil and gas facilities. litigation risks are also increasing, as a number of cities and other local governments have sought to bring suit against fossil fuel producer companies in state or federal court, alleging that such companies created public nuisances by producing fuels that contributed to global warming effects, such as rising sea levels, and are responsible for roadway and infrastructure damages as a result, or alleging that the companies have been aware of the adverse effects of climate change for some time but defrauded their investors or customers by failing to adequately disclose those impacts.
there are also increasing financial risks for fossil fuel energy companies as investors in fossil fuel energy companies become increasingly concerned about the potential effects of climate change and may elect in the future to shift some or all of their investments into non-energy related sectors. institutional lenders who provide financing to fossil fuel energy companies also have become more attentive to sustainable lending practices and some of them may elect not to provide funding for fossil fuel energy companies. additionally, there is the possibility that financial institutions will be required to adopt policies that limit funding for fossil fuel energy companies. recently, the federal reserve announced that it has joined the network for greening the financial system, a consortium of financial regulators focused on addressing climate-related risks in the financial sector. this could make it more difficult for boardwalk pipelines to secure funding for exploration and production or midstream energy business activities.
the adoption and implementation of new or more stringent international, federal or state legislation, regulations or other regulatory initiatives that impose more stringent standards for ghg emissions from the oil and gas sector or otherwise restrict the areas in which this sector may produce fossil fuels or generate ghg emissions could result in increased costs of compliance or costs of consuming, and thereby reduce demand for fossil fuels, which could reduce demand for boardwalk pipelines' transportation and storage services. political, litigation and financial risks may result in its fossil fuel producer customers restricting or canceling production activities, incurring liability for infrastructure damages as a result of climatic changes or impairing their ability to continue to operate in an economic manner, which also could reduce demand for boardwalk pipelines' services. moreover, the increased competitiveness of alternative energy sources (such as wind, solar, geothermal, tidal and biofuels) could reduce demand for hydrocarbons, and for boardwalk pipelines' services. finally, increasing concentrations of ghg in the earth's atmosphere may produce climate changes that have significant physical effects, such as increased frequency and severity of storms, droughts, floods, rising sea levels and other climatic events.
the outbreak of covid-19 and the measures to mitigate the spread of covid-19 could materially adversely affect boardwalk pipelines' business, financial condition and results of operations and those of its customers, suppliers and other business partners.
the global outbreak of covid-19 has materially negatively impacted worldwide economic and commercial activity and financial markets and has impacted global demand for oil and petrochemical products. covid-19 has also resulted in significant business and operational disruptions, including business closures, supply chain disruptions, travel restrictions, stay-at-home orders and limitations on the availability of workforces. if significant portions of boardwalk pipelines' workforce are unable to work effectively, including because of illness, quarantines, government actions, facility closures or other restrictions in connection with covid-19, its business could be materially adversely affected. boardwalk pipelines may also be unable to perform fully on its contracts, and its costs may increase as a result of the covid-19 outbreak. these cost increases may not be fully recoverable. it is possible that the continued spread of covid-19 could also further cause disruption in boardwalk pipelines' customers' business; cause delay, or limit the ability of its customers to perform, including in making timely payments to it; and cause other unpredictable events. the impact of covid-19 has impacted capital markets, which may impact boardwalk pipelines' customers' financial position, and recoverability of its receivables from its customers may be at risk. the full impact of covid-19 is unknown and continues to evolve. the extent to which covid-19 negatively impacts boardwalk pipelines' business and operations will depend on the severity, location and duration of the effects and spread of covid-19, the continued actions undertaken by national, regional and local governments and health officials to contain the virus or treat its effects, and how quickly and to what extent economic conditions improve and normal business and operating conditions resume. it might also have the effect of increasing several of the other risk factors contained herein.
changes in energy prices, including natural gas, oil and ngls, impact the supply of and demand for those commodities, which impact boardwalk pipelines' business.
boardwalk pipelines' customers, especially producers and certain plant operators, are directly impacted by changes in commodity prices. the prices of natural gas, oil and ngls fluctuate in response to changes in both domestic and worldwide supply and demand, market uncertainty and a variety of additional factors, including for natural gas the realization of potential lng exports and demand growth within the power generation market. the recent volatility in the pricing levels of natural gas, oil and ngls has adversely affected the businesses of certain of boardwalk pipelines' producer customers and could result in defaults or the non-renewal of boardwalk pipelines' contracted capacity when existing contracts expire. the current erosion in commodity prices could affect the operations of certain of boardwalk pipelines' industrial customers, including the temporary closure or reduction of plant operations, resulting in decreased deliveries to those customers. future increases in the price of natural gas and ngls could make alternative energy and feedstock sources more competitive and decrease demand for natural gas and ngls. a reduced level of demand for natural gas and ngls could diminish the utilization of capacity on boardwalk pipelines' systems and reduce the demand of its services.
the price differentials between natural gas supplies and market demand for natural gas have reduced the transportation rates that boardwalk pipelines can charge on certain portions of its pipeline systems.
each year a portion of boardwalk pipelines firm natural gas transportation contracts expire and need to be replaced or renewed. over the past several years, as a result of market conditions, boardwalk pipelines has renewed some expiring contracts at lower rates or for shorter terms than in the past. the transportation rates boardwalk pipelines is able to charge customers are heavily influenced by market trends (both short and longer term), including the available supply, geographical location of natural gas production, the competition between producing basins, competition with other pipelines for supply and markets, the demand for gas by end-users such as power plants, petrochemical facilities and lng export facilities and the price differentials between the gas supplies and the market demand for the gas (basis differentials). market conditions have resulted in a sustained narrowing of basis differentials on certain portions of boardwalk pipelines' pipeline system, which has reduced transportation rates that can be charged in the affected areas and adversely affected the contract terms boardwalk pipelines can secure from its customers for available transportation capacity and for contracts being renewed or replaced. boardwalk pipelines expects these market conditions to continue.
boardwalk pipelines is exposed to credit risk relating to default or bankruptcy by its customers.
credit risk relates to the risk of loss resulting from the default by a customer of its contractual obligations or the customer filing bankruptcy. boardwalk pipelines has credit risk with both its existing customers and those supporting its growth projects. credit risk exists in relation to boardwalk pipelines' growth projects, both because expansion customers make long term firm capacity commitments to boardwalk pipelines for such projects and certain of those expansion customers agree to provide credit support as construction for such projects progresses. if a customer fails to post the required credit support or defaults during the growth project process, overall returns on the project may be reduced to the extent an adjustment to the scope of the project occurs or boardwalk pipelines is unable to replace the defaulting customer with a customer willing to pay similar rates. in 2020 and 2019, two expansion customers declared bankruptcy for which boardwalk pipelines was able to use the credit support obtained during the growth project process to cover a portion of the customer's remaining long term commitment.
boardwalk pipelines' credit exposure also includes receivables for services provided, future performance under firm agreements and volumes of gas owed by customers for imbalances or gas loaned by boardwalk pipelines to them under certain nns and parking and lending ("pal") services.
boardwalk pipelines' revolving credit facility contains operating and financial covenants that restrict its business and financing activities.
boardwalk pipelines' revolving credit facility contains operating and financial covenants that may restrict its ability to finance future operations or capital needs or to expand or pursue business activities. its credit agreement limits its ability to make loans or investments, make material changes to the nature of its business, merge, consolidate or engage in asset sales, or grant liens or make negative pledges. this agreement also requires it to maintain a ratio of consolidated debt to consolidated ebitda (as defined in the agreement) of not more than 5.0 to 1.0, or up to 5.5 to 1.0 for the three quarters following a qualified acquisition or series of acquisitions, where the purchase price exceeds $100.0 million over a rolling 12-month period, which limits the amount of additional indebtedness boardwalk pipelines can incur to grow its business, and could require it to reduce indebtedness if its earnings before interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization ("ebitda") decreases to a level that would cause it to breach this covenant. future financing agreements boardwalk pipelines may enter into could contain similar or more restrictive covenants or may not be as favorable as those under its existing indebtedness.
boardwalk pipelines' ability to comply with the covenants and restrictions contained in its credit agreement may be affected by events beyond its control, including economic, financial and market conditions. if market, economic conditions or its financial performance deteriorate, its ability to comply with these covenants may be impaired. if boardwalk pipelines is not able to incur additional indebtedness, it may be required to seek other sources of funding that may be on less favorable terms. if it defaults under its credit agreement or another financing agreement, significant additional restrictions may become applicable. in addition, a default could result in a significant portion of its indebtedness becoming immediately due and payable, and its lenders could terminate their commitment to make further loans to it. if such event occurs, boardwalk pipelines would not have, and may not be able to obtain, sufficient funds to make these accelerated payments.
boardwalk pipelines' substantial indebtedness could affect its ability to meet its obligations and may otherwise restrict its activities.
as of december 31, 2020, boardwalk pipelines had $3.5 billion in principal amount of long-term debt outstanding, including amounts borrowed under its revolving credit facility. this level of debt requires significant interest payments. boardwalk pipelines' inability to generate sufficient cash flow to satisfy its debt obligations, or to refinance its obligations on commercially reasonable terms, would have a material adverse effect on its business. boardwalk pipelines' substantial indebtedness could have important consequences. for example, it could:
   limit boardwalk pipelines' ability to borrow money for its working capital, capital expenditures, debt service requirements or other general business activities;

   impact the ratings received from credit rating agencies;

   increase boardwalk pipelines' vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; and

   limit boardwalk pipelines' ability to respond to business opportunities, including growing its business through acquisitions.

boardwalk pipelines is permitted, under its revolving credit facility and the indentures governing its notes, to incur additional debt, subject to certain limitations under its revolving credit facility and, in the case of unsecured debt, under the indentures governing the notes. if boardwalk pipelines incurs additional debt, its increased leverage could also result in the consequences described above.
limited access to the debt markets and increases in interest rates could adversely affect boardwalk pipelines' business.
boardwalk pipelines anticipates funding its capital spending requirements through its available financing options, including cash generated from operations and borrowings under its revolving credit facility. changes in the debt markets, including market disruptions, limited liquidity, and an increase in interest rates, may increase the cost of financing as well as the risks of refinancing maturing debt. this may affect its ability to raise needed funding and reduce the amount of cash available to fund its operations or growth projects. if the debt markets were not available, it is not certain if other adequate financing options would be available to boardwalk pipelines on terms and conditions that it would find acceptable.
any disruption in the debt markets could require boardwalk pipelines to take additional measures to conserve cash until the markets stabilize or until it can arrange alternative credit arrangements or other funding for its business needs. such measures could include reducing or delaying business activities, reducing its operations to lower expenses and reducing other discretionary uses of cash. boardwalk pipelines may be unable to execute its growth strategy or take advantage of certain business opportunities.
boardwalk pipelines does not own all of the land on which its pipelines and facilities are located, which could result in disruptions to its operations.
substantial portions of boardwalk pipelines' pipelines, storage and other facilities are constructed and maintained on property owned by others pursuant to rights-of-way, easements, permits, licenses or consents, and boardwalk pipelines is subject to the possibility of more onerous terms and/or increased costs to retain necessary land use rights if it does not have valid land use rights or if such land use rights lapse or terminate. some of the rights to construct and operate boardwalk pipelines' pipelines storage or other facilities on land owned by third parties and governmental agencies that it obtains are for specific periods of time. boardwalk pipelines cannot guarantee that it will always be able to renew, when necessary, existing land use rights or obtain new land use rights without experiencing significant costs or experiencing landowner opposition. any loss of these land use rights with respect to the operation of boardwalk pipelines' pipelines, storage and other facilities, through its inability to renew right-of-way or easement contracts or permits, licenses, consents or otherwise, could have a material adverse effect on its operations.
rising sea levels, subsidence and erosion could damage boardwalk pipelines' pipelines and the facilities that serve its customers, particularly along coastal waters and offshore in the gulf of mexico.
boardwalk pipelines' pipeline operations along coastal waters and offshore in the gulf of mexico could be impacted by rising sea levels, subsidence and erosion. subsidence issues are also a concern for boardwalk pipelines' pipelines at major river crossings. rising sea levels, subsidence and erosion could cause serious damage to its pipelines, which could affect its ability to provide transportation services or result in leakage, migration, releases or spills from its operations to surface or subsurface soils, surface water, groundwater or offshore waters, which could result in liability, remedial obligations and/or otherwise have a negative impact on continued operations. such rising sea levels, subsidence and erosion processes could impact boardwalk pipelines' customers who operate along coastal waters or offshore in the gulf of mexico, and they may be unable to utilize boardwalk pipelines services. rising sea levels, subsidence and erosion could also expose boardwalk pipelines' operations to increased risks associated with severe weather conditions and other adverse events and conditions, such as hurricanes and flooding. as a result, boardwalk pipelines may incur significant costs to repair and preserve its pipeline infrastructure. in recent years, local governments and landowners have filed lawsuits in louisiana against energy companies, alleging that their operations contributed to increased coastal rising seas and erosion and seeking substantial damages.
boardwalk pipelines may not be successful in executing its strategy to grow and diversify its business.
boardwalk pipelines relies primarily on the revenues generated from its natural gas transportation and storage services. negative developments in these services have significantly greater impact on boardwalk pipelines' financial condition and results of operations than if it maintained more diverse assets. boardwalk pipelines' ability to grow, diversify and increase cash flows will depend, in part, on its ability to expand its existing business lines and to close and execute on accretive acquisitions. boardwalk pipelines may not be successful in acquiring or developing such assets or may do so on terms that ultimately are not profitable. any such transactions involve potential risks that may include, among other things:
   the diversion of management's and employees' attention from other business concerns;

   inaccurate assumptions about volume, revenues and project costs, including potential synergies;

   a decrease in boardwalk pipelines' liquidity as a result of using available cash or borrowing capacity to finance the acquisition or project;

   a significant increase in interest expense or financial leverage if it incurs additional debt to finance the acquisition or project or if boardwalk pipelines makes inaccurate assumptions about the overall costs of debt;

   an inability to hire, train or retain qualified personnel to manage and operate the acquired business and assets or the developed assets;

   unforeseen difficulties operating in new product areas or new geographic areas; and

   changes in regulatory requirements or delays of regulatory approvals.

additionally, acquisitions also contain the following risks:
   an inability to integrate successfully the businesses boardwalk pipelines acquires;

   the assumption of unknown liabilities for which it is not indemnified, for which its indemnity is inadequate or for which its insurance policies may exclude from coverage;

   limitations on rights to indemnity from the seller; and

   customer or key employee losses of an acquired business.

boardwalk pipelines' ability to replace expiring gas storage contracts at attractive rates or on a long-term basis and to sell short-term services at attractive rates or at all are subject to market conditions.
boardwalk pipelines owns and operates substantial natural gas storage facilities. the market for the storage and pal services that it offers is impacted by the factors and market conditions discussed above for boardwalk pipelines' transportation services, and is also impacted by natural gas price differentials between time periods, such as winter to summer (time period price spreads), and the volatility in time period price spreads. when market conditions cause a narrowing of time period price spreads and a decline in the price volatility of natural gas, these factors adversely impact the rates boardwalk pipelines can charge for its storage and pal services.
boardwalk pipelines' operations are subject to catastrophic losses, operational hazards and unforeseen interruptions for which it may not be adequately insured.
there are a variety of operating risks inherent in transporting and storing natural gas, ethylene and ngls, such as leaks and other forms of releases, explosions, fires, cyber-attacks and mechanical problems, which could have catastrophic consequences. additionally, the nature and location of boardwalk pipelines' business may make it susceptible to catastrophic losses from hurricanes or other named storms, particularly with regard to its assets in the gulf coast region, windstorms, earthquakes, hail, and other severe weather. any of these or other similar occurrences could result in the disruption of boardwalk pipelines' operations, substantial repair costs, personal injury or loss of life, significant damage to property, environmental pollution, impairment of its operations and substantial financial losses. the location of pipelines in hcas, which includes populated areas, residential areas, commercial business centers and industrial sites, could significantly increase the level of damages resulting from some of these risks.
boardwalk pipelines currently possesses property, business interruption, cyber threat and general liability insurance, but proceeds from such insurance coverage may not be adequate for all liabilities or expenses incurred or revenues lost. moreover, such insurance may not be available in the future at commercially reasonable costs and terms. the insurance coverage boardwalk pipelines does obtain may contain large deductibles or fail to cover certain events, hazards or all potential losses.
risks related to us and our subsidiary, loews hotels & co the covid-19 pandemic and efforts to mitigate the spread of the virus have had, and are expected to continue to have, material adverse impacts on loews hotels & co's results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
in response to the spread of covid-19, governments across the globe implemented measures to mitigate the spread of the virus, such as through city, regional or national lockdowns or stay-at-home orders, narrowly defined and widespread business closures, restrictions on travel, limitations on large group gatherings and quarantines, among others. beyond the existence of governmental restrictions, the perception of health risks associated with covid-19 has limited, and continues to further limit, business and leisure travel. furthermore, theme parks in orlando, florida, which temporarily closed, now operate at reduced capacity levels. in addition, certain coastal beaches repeatedly have been ordered closed and professional sports leagues have suspended or modified their seasons with no or limited spectators permitted in attendance. the spread of the coronavirus and the containment efforts have had, and continue to have, macro-economic implications, including increased unemployment levels, declines in economic growth rates and possibly a global recession, the effects of which could be felt well beyond the time the spread of the virus is mitigated or contained. these developments have caused unprecedented disruptions to the global economy and normal business operations across sectors, including the hospitality industry that depends on active levels of business and leisure travel, very little of which is occurring in the current environment.
due to the covid-19 pandemic and efforts to mitigate the spread of the virus, beginning in march of 2020, loews hotels & co temporarily suspended operations at the majority of its owned and/or operated hotels. since then, most hotels have resumed operations, but occupancy rates remain considerably lower than those from the prior year, or even occupancy rates prior to march of 2020. as such, revenues have been substantially lower and may be insufficient to offset certain fixed costs, such as insurance and property taxes. as of february 5, 2021, five hotels have suspended operations. these five hotels continue to be evaluated to determine when it will be prudent to resume operations. the potential for the suspension or resuspension of operations at operating hotels varies by hotel property and will depend on numerous factors, many of which are outside loews hotels & co's control. in addition, as a result of the covid-19 crisis, loews hotels & co has had to implement a number of new measures for the health and safety of its guests and employees. these new measures, which may need to remain in place for the foreseeable future, have resulted and will continue to result in increased costs.
given that loews hotels & co owns and leases, relative to some of its competitors, a higher proportion of its hotel properties, compared to the number of properties that it manages for third-party owners, it may as a result of covid-19 and mitigation measures face increased risks associated with mortgage debt, including the possibility of default, cash trap periods, the inability to draw further loan disbursements and reduced availability of replacement financing at reasonable terms or at all; difficulty reducing costs; declines in real estate values and potential additional impairments in the value of loews hotels & co's assets; and a limited ability to respond to market conditions. in addition, uncertain or fluctuating real estate valuations and the inability for third-party purchasers to obtain capital may prevent loews hotels & co from selling properties on acceptable terms.
the full extent and duration of the impacts caused by the covid-19 outbreak on loews hotels & co's business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows remains largely uncertain and dependent on future developments that cannot be accurately predicted at this time, such as the continued severity, duration (including the extent of any resurgences in the future), transmission rate and geographic spread of covid-19 in the united states, canada and elsewhere, the extent and effectiveness of the containment measures taken, the timing of and manner in which containment efforts are reduced or lifted, the timing and ability of vaccinations and other treatments to combat covid-19, and the response of the overall economy, financial markets and the population, particularly in areas in which loews hotels & co operates, once the current containment measures are reduced or lifted. accordingly, covid-19 presents continuing material uncertainty and risk with respect to loews hotels & co's business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
even following containment of covid-19, continuing uncertainty exists around when and if loews hotels & co will be able to resume normal, pre-covid-19 level operations for business or leisure travel. once the covid-19 outbreak is mitigated or contained, whenever that may be, historical travel patterns, both domestic and international, may continue to be disrupted either on a temporary basis or with longer term effects. for example, certain travel is dependent on commercial airlines restoring capacity, and their inability to restore full capacity could impact demand for loews hotels & co's services. additionally, businesses now forced to rely on remote working and videoconferences may reduce the level of business travel both to save costs and to reduce the risk of exposure for their employees, and they may also seek alternatives to large public gatherings such as conferences and conventions. leisure travelers may also be less inclined to travel or gather in large groups out of ongoing safety concerns, regardless of the lifting of mandated or recommended restrictions. in addition, with the expected adverse impact on jobs and the economy more broadly, at least in the short term, leisure travel will likely be further impacted due to economic reasons. further, the demand for lodging, and consumer confidence in travel generally, may not recover as quickly as other industries. any of these trends could have continuing material adverse effects on loews hotels & co's results of operations, financial condition and cash flow.
as part of cost containment efforts, loews hotels & co put a substantial number of its employees on unpaid leaves of absence or have severed them from the organization. when conditions warrant the resumption of operations that necessitate increased staffing levels, it may not be able to find or attract sufficient talent to fill the roles that have been furloughed or eliminated. additionally, many of its service providers and suppliers have also put their employees on leaves of absence or have severed employees. should they be unable to find or attract sufficient talent to fill the roles that they have furloughed or eliminated, loews hotels & co may not have the requisite services or supplies available to resume operations at the time or in the manner of its choosing.
loews hotels & co continues to evaluate spending and manage operating expenses, including eliminating non-essential spending, reducing costs related to its management company, marketing, sales, and technology and deferring planned renovations, all of which could impair its ability to compete effectively and harm its business. loews hotels & co has received and may receive additional demands or requests from labor unions that represent its employees, whether in the course of its periodic renegotiation of collective bargaining agreements or otherwise, for additional compensation, healthcare benefits, operational protocols or other terms that could increase costs, and could experience labor disputes or disruptions as it continues to implement mitigation or re-opening plans. some actions loews hotels & co has taken, or may take in the future, to reduce costs for it or its third-party owners may negatively impact guest loyalty, owner preference, and its ability to attract and retain employees, and its reputation and market share may suffer as a result. further, once the effects of the pandemic subside, the recovery period could be extensive and certain operational changes, particularly with respect to enhanced health and safety measures, may continue to be necessary and could increase ongoing costs.
hotels are buildings designed to remain open every hour of every day. as loews hotels & co has not previously suspended the operations of its hotels (other than in connection with planned renovations) for an extended period of time, there may be mechanical systems that require material repair and maintenance to restart for hotels that remain under a suspension of operations, or for facilities and outlets within operational hotels that continue to not be utilized.
loews hotels & co's construction projects could be delayed as a result of covid-19 and related containment efforts, including delays applicable to or affecting contractors, suppliers and inspectors required to review projects.
as a manager of hotels owned by joint ventures that loews hotels & co invests in and by third parties, loews hotels & co earns fees based on the revenues that those managed hotels generate. as a result of reduced revenues described above due to covid-19 and mitigating measures, loews hotels & co's fee-based revenues are also materially reduced. certain of these properties also have contracts that require payments by loews hotels & co to preserve its management of the hotel if the hotel's operating results do not achieve certain performance levels. these payments may be uneconomical for loews hotels & co and lead to loews hotels & co no longer managing one or more of those properties.
in properties in which loews hotels & co has an ownership interest, loews hotels & co leases space to third-party tenants and earns both fixed and variable amounts of rent, depending on each underlying lease arrangement. some of these tenants informed loews hotels & co that their operations are similarly impacted by covid-19 business restrictions causing rent abatement periods in certain circumstances. in addition, variable rent, which is generally tied to the tenant's sales, has been, and will continue to be, materially adversely affected by the effects of the pandemic.
loews hotels & co's business may be materially adversely affected by various operating risks common to the hospitality industry, including competition, excess supply and dependence on business travel and tourism.
loews hotels & co owns and operates hotels that have different economic characteristics than many other real estate assets. a typical office property, for example, has long-term leases with third-party tenants, which provide a relatively stable long-term stream of revenue. hotels, on the other hand, generate revenue from guests that typically stay at the hotel for only a few nights, which causes the room rate and occupancy levels at each hotel to change every day, and results in earnings that can be highly volatile.
in addition, loews hotels & co's properties are subject to various operating risks common to the hospitality industry, many of which are beyond loews hotels & co's control, including:
   changes in general economic conditions, including the severity and duration of any downturn in the u.s. or global economy and financial markets, as well as more localized changes in the economy of each hotel's geographic location;

   war, political conditions or civil unrest, terrorist activities or threats and heightened travel security measures instituted in response to these events;

   outbreaks of pandemic or contagious diseases, such as the recent coronavirus;

   federal, state or local government-mandated travel restrictions and/or shut-down orders of hotels or other drivers that reduce demand for hotel businesses;

   natural or man-made disasters or other catastrophes;

   material reductions or prolonged interruptions of public utilities and services;

   decreased corporate or government travel-related budgets and spending and cancellations, deferrals or renegotiations of group business due to self-imposed and/or government-mandated travel restrictions, adverse economic conditions or otherwise;

   decreased need for business-related travel due to innovations in business-related technology;

   competition from other hotels and alternative accommodations, such as airbnb, in the markets in which loews hotels &amp; co operates;

   requirements for periodic capital reinvestment to maintain and upgrade hotels;

   increases in operating costs, including labor (such as from minimum wage increases), workers' compensation, benefits, insurance, food and beverage, commodity costs, energy and unanticipated costs resulting from force majeure events, due to inflation, new or different federal, state or local governmental regulations, including tariffs, constrained supply, and other factors that may not be offset by increased revenues;

   the costs and administrative burdens associated with compliance with applicable laws and regulations;

   organized labor activities, which could cause a diversion of business from hotels involved in labor negotiations and loss of business for loews hotels &amp; co's properties generally as a result of certain labor tactics;

   changes in the desirability of particular locations or travel patterns of customers, including with respect to the underlying attractions supporting loews hotels &amp; co's immersive destination properties, such as the universal theme park for its orlando, florida properties, and stadiums, arenas and convention centers for properties in other markets;

   geographic concentration of operations and customers;

   shortages of desirable locations for development; and

   relationships with third-party property owners, developers and joint venture partners, including the risk that third-party property owners, developers and/or partners may encounter financial difficulties, may not fulfill material obligations and/or may terminate lease, management, joint venture or other agreements.

in addition to materially affecting the business of loews hotels & co generally, these factors, and the reputational repercussions of these factors, could materially adversely affect, and from time to time have materially adversely affected, individual hotels and hotels in particular regions.
loews hotels & co is exposed to the risks resulting from significant investments in owned and leased real estate, which could increase its costs, reduce its profits, limit its ability to respond to market conditions or restrict its growth strategy.
loews hotels & co's proportion of owned and leased properties, compared to the number of properties that it manages for third-party owners, is larger than that of some of its competitors. real estate ownership and leasing is subject to risks not applicable to managed or franchised properties, including:
   real estate, insurance, zoning, tax, environmental and eminent domain laws;

   the ongoing need for owner-funded capital improvements and expenditures to maintain or upgrade properties;

   risks associated with mortgage debt, including the possibility of default, fluctuating interest rate levels and the availability of replacement financing;

   risks associated with the possibility that cost increases will outpace revenue increases and that, in the event of an economic slowdown, a high proportion of fixed costs will make it difficult to reduce costs to the extent required to offset declining revenues;

   risks associated with real estate leases, including the possibility of rent increases and the inability to renew or extend upon favorable terms;

   risks associated with real estate condominiums, including the possibility of special assessments by condominiums that loews hotels &amp; co does not control;

   fluctuations in real estate values and potential impairments in the value of loews hotels &amp; co's assets; and

   the relative illiquidity of real estate compared to some other assets.

the hospitality industry is subject to seasonal and cyclical volatility.
the hospitality industry is seasonal in nature. the periods during which loews hotels & co's properties experience higher revenues vary from property to property, depending principally upon location and the consumer base served. historically, loews hotels & co generally has experienced revenues and earnings that are lower in the third quarter of each year than in each of the other quarters. in addition, the hospitality industry is cyclical and demand generally follows the general economy on a lagged basis. the seasonality and cyclicality of its industry may contribute to fluctuation in loews hotels & co's results of operations and financial condition.
loews hotels & co operates in a highly competitive industry, both for customers and for acquisitions and developments of new properties.
the hospitality industry is highly competitive. loews hotels & co's properties compete with other hotels and alternative accommodations based on a number of factors, including room rates, quality of accommodations, service levels and amenities, location, brand affiliation, reputation and reservation systems. new hotels may be constructed and these additions to supply create new competitors, in some cases without corresponding increases in demand for hotel rooms. some of its competitors also have greater financial and marketing resources than loews hotels & co. in addition, travelers can book stays on websites that facilitate the short-term rental of homes and apartments from owners, thereby providing an alternative to hotel rooms.
loews hotels & co also competes for hotel acquisitions and development projects with entities that have similar investment objectives as it does. this competition could limit the number of suitable investment opportunities. it may also increase the bargaining power of loews hotels & co's counterparties, making it more difficult for loews hotels & co to acquire or develop new properties on attractive terms or on the terms contemplated in its business plan.
any deterioration in the quality or reputation of loews hotels & co's brands could have a material adverse effect on its reputation and business.
loews hotels & co's brands and reputation are among its most important assets. its ability to attract and retain guests depends, in part, on the public recognition of its brands and their associated reputation. if its brands become obsolete or consumers view them as unfashionable or lacking in consistency and quality, or its brands or reputation are otherwise harmed, loews hotels & co may be unable to attract guests to its properties, and may further be unable to attract or retain joint venture partners or hotel owners. loews hotels & co's reputation may also suffer as a result of negative publicity regarding its hotels, including as a result of social media reports, regardless of the accuracy of such publicity. the continued expansion of media and social media formats has compounded the potential scope of negative publicity and has made it more difficult to control and effectively manage negative publicity.
loews hotels & co's efforts to develop new properties and renovate existing properties could be delayed or become more expensive.
loews hotels & co from time to time needs to renovate its properties and is currently expanding its portfolio through the ground-up construction of a new property in coral gables, florida. further it may in the future similarly develop additional new properties. often these projects are undertaken with joint venture partners who may also serve as developer. these renovation and construction efforts are subject to a number of risks, including:
   construction delays, changes to plans and specifications and cost overruns (including labor and materials or unforeseeable site conditions) that may increase project costs; cause new development projects to not be completed by lender imposed required completion dates or subject loews hotels &amp; co to cancellation penalties for reservations accepted;

   obtaining zoning, occupancy and other required permits or authorizations;

   changes in economic conditions that may result in weakened or lack of demand or negative project returns;

   governmental restrictions on the size or kind of development;

   projects financed with construction debt are subject to interest rate risk as uncertain timing and amount of draws make effective hedging difficult to obtain;

   weather delays and force majeure events, including earthquakes, tornados, hurricanes or floods; and

   design defects that could increase costs.

additionally, developing new properties typically involves lengthy development periods during which significant amounts of capital must be funded before the properties begin to operate and generate revenue. if the cost of funding new development exceeds budgeted amounts, and/or the time period for development is longer than initially anticipated, loews hotels & co's operating results could be reduced. further, due to the lengthy development cycle, intervening adverse economic conditions in general and as they apply to loews hotels & co and its development partners may alter or impede the development plans, thereby resulting in incremental costs or potential impairment charges. in addition, using multiple sources of capital to develop new properties reduces or eliminates the ability of loews hotels & co to cease commenced projects if the overall economic environment conditions change. moreover, during the early stages of operations, charges related to interest expense and depreciation may substantially detract from, or even outweigh, the profitability of certain new property investments.
co-investing in hotel properties decreases loews hotels & co's ability to manage risk.
loews hotels & co has from time to time invested, and expects to continue to invest, in hotel properties or businesses as a co-investor. co-investors often have shared control over the operation of the property or business. therefore, the operation of such properties or businesses is subject to inherent risk due to the shared nature of the enterprise and the need to reach agreements on material matters. in addition, investments with other investors may involve risks such as the possibility that the co-investor might become bankrupt or not have the financial resources to meet its obligations, or have economic or business interests or goals that are inconsistent with loews hotels & co's business interests or goals. further, loews hotels & co may be unable to take action without the approval of its co-investors, or its co-investors could take actions binding on the property without the consent of loews hotels & co. additionally, should a co-investor become bankrupt, loews hotels & co could become liable for its share of liabilities.
loews hotels & co's properties are geographically concentrated, which exposes its business to the effects of regional events and occurrences.
loews hotels & co has a concentration of hotels in florida. specifically, as of december 31, 2020, eight hotels, representing 54% of rooms in its system, were located at universal orlando in orlando, florida and nine hotels, representing approximately 59% of rooms in its system, were located in florida. the concentration of hotels in one region or a limited number of markets may expose loews hotels & co to risks of adverse economic and other developments that are greater than if its portfolio were more geographically diverse. these developments include regional economic downturns, a decline in the popularity of or access to area tourist attractions, such as theme parks, significant increases in the number of loews hotels & co's competitors' hotels in these markets and potentially higher local property, sales and income taxes, property insurance costs or other expenses in the geographic markets in which it is concentrated. in addition, loews hotels & co's properties in florida are subject to the effects of adverse acts of nature, such as hurricanes, strong winds and flooding, which have in the past caused damage to its hotels in florida, and which may in the future be intensified as a result of climate change, as well as outbreaks of pandemic or contagious diseases. loews hotels & co's business may be significantly affected by other risks common to the florida tourism industry. for example, the cost and availability of air services and the impact of any events that disrupt or reduce air travel to and from florida for any reason can adversely affect its business.
the growth and use of alternative reservation channels adversely affects loews hotels & co's business.
a significant percentage of hotel rooms for guests at loews hotels & co's properties is booked through internet travel and other intermediaries. in most cases, loews hotels & co has agreements with such intermediaries and pays them commissions and/or fees for sales of its rooms through their systems. if such bookings increase, these intermediaries may be able to obtain higher commissions or fees, reduced room rates or other significant concessions from loews hotels & co. there can be no assurance that loews hotels & co will be able to negotiate such agreements in the future with terms as favorable as those that exist today. moreover, these intermediaries generally employ aggressive marketing strategies, including expending significant resources for online and television advertising campaigns to drive consumers to their websites and other outlets. as a result, consumers may develop brand loyalties to the intermediaries' offered brands, websites and reservations systems rather than to loews hotels & co's brands.
loews hotels & co's insurance coverage may not cover all possible losses, and it may not be able to renew its insurance policies on favorable terms, or at all.
although loews hotels & co maintains various property, casualty and other insurance policies, proceeds from such insurance coverage may not be adequate for all liabilities or expenses incurred or revenues lost. additionally, insurance policies that it maintains may not be available in the future at commercially reasonable costs and terms. the insurance coverage loews hotels & co maintains may contain large deductibles or may not cover all risks to which its properties are potentially subject.
labor shortages could restrict loews hotels & co's ability to operate its properties or grow its business or result in increased labor costs that could reduce its results of operations.
loews hotels & co's properties are staffed 24 hours a day, seven days a week by thousands of employees. if it is unable to attract, retain, train and engage skilled employees, its ability to manage and staff its properties adequately could be impaired, which could reduce customer satisfaction. staffing shortages could also hinder its ability to grow and expand its business. because payroll costs are a major component of the operating expenses at its properties, a shortage of skilled labor could also require higher wages that would increase its labor costs.
a portion of loews hotels & co's labor force is covered by collective bargaining agreements.
work stoppages and other labor problems could negatively affect loews hotels & co's business and results of operations. a prolonged dispute with covered employees or any labor unrest, strikes or other business interruptions in connection with labor negotiations or otherwise could have an adverse impact on loews hotels & co's operations. adverse publicity in the marketplace related to union messaging could further harm its reputation and reduce customer demand for its services. also, wage and/or benefit increases resulting from new labor agreements may be significant and could have an adverse impact on its results of operations. to the extent that loews hotels & co's non-union employees join unions, loews hotels & co would have greater exposure to risks associated with such labor problems. furthermore, loews hotels & co may have, or acquire in the future, multi-employer plans that are classified as "endangered," "seriously endangered," or "critical" status and a withdrawal in the future could result in the incurrence of a contingent liability that would be payable in an amount and at such time (or over a period of time) that would vary based on a number of factors at the time of (and after) withdrawal. any such events or additional costs may have materially adverse effects.
risks related to us and our subsidiary, altium packaging the covid-19 pandemic may have an adverse impact on altium packaging.
altium packaging manufactures packaging that is used with products in critical sectors, such as the pharmaceutical, household and industrial cleaning and food and beverage markets, and is thus an essential business as contemplated by state and local orders. it therefore has operated, and continues to operate, nearly all of its manufacturing facilities at full capacity to support those sectors. however, certain of altium packaging's end markets, such as its commercial food services, institutional food and automotive customers, have been negatively impacted and its sales to those customers have been adversely affected. in addition, if widespread infections were to affect any of its facilities or workers, including those supporting critical sectors, it may be required to temporarily shut down or otherwise modify the working conditions at such facilities to address the infections. any such changes could cause altium packaging to be unable to meet demand from its customers if it cannot provide support from other facilities in its network.
altium packaging's substantial indebtedness could affect its ability to meet its obligations and may otherwise restrict its activities.
altium packaging has a significant amount of indebtedness, which requires significant interest payments. its inability to generate sufficient cash flow to satisfy its debt obligations, or to refinance its obligations on commercially reasonable terms, would have a material adverse effect on its business. altium packaging's substantial indebtedness could have important consequences. for example, it could:
   limit its ability to borrow money for its working capital, capital expenditures, debt service requirements or other corporate purposes;

   increase its vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; and

   limit its ability to respond to business opportunities, including growing its business through acquisitions.

in addition, the credit agreements governing its current indebtedness contain, and any future debt instruments would likely contain, financial and other restrictive covenants, which impose operating and financial restrictions on it. as a result of these covenants, altium packaging could be limited in the manner in which it conducts its business and may be unable to engage in favorable business activities or finance future operations or capital needs. furthermore, a failure to comply with these covenants could result in an event of default which, if not cured or waived, could have a material adverse effect on altium packaging.
altium packaging is exposed to changes in consumer preferences.
sales of altium packaging's plastic containers depend heavily on the volume of sales made by its customers to consumers. consequently, changes in consumer preferences for products in the industries that it serves or the packaging formats in which such products are delivered, whether as a result of changes in cost, convenience or health, environmental and social concerns or perceptions regarding plastics, may result in a decline in the demand for altium packaging's plastic container products.
fluctuations in raw material prices and raw material availability may materially affect altium packaging's results of operations.
to produce its products, altium packaging uses large quantities of plastic resins and recycled plastic materials. it faces the risk that its access to these raw materials may be interrupted or that it may not be able to purchase these raw materials at prices that are acceptable to it. in general, altium packaging does not have long-term supply contracts with its suppliers, and its purchases of raw materials are subject to market price volatility. although altium packaging generally is able to pass changes in the prices of raw materials through to its customers over a period of time, it may not always be able to do so or there may be a lag between when its costs increase and when it passes those costs through to its customers. it may not be able to pass through all future raw material price increases in a timely manner or at all due to competitive pressures. in addition, a sustained increase in resin and recycled plastic prices, relative to alternative packaging materials, would make plastic containers less economical for its customers and could result in reductions in the use of plastic containers. any limitation on its ability to procure its primary raw materials or to pass through price increases in such materials on a timely basis could materially negatively affect altium packaging.
altium packaging's customers may increase their self-manufacturing.
increased self-manufacturing by altium packaging's customers may have a material adverse impact on its sales volume and financial results. altium packaging believes that its customers may engage in self-manufacturing over time at locations where transportation costs are high, and where low complexity and available space to install blow molding equipment exist.
risks related to us and our subsidiaries generally in addition to the specific risks and uncertainties faced by our subsidiaries, as discussed above, we and all of our subsidiaries face additional risks and uncertainties described below.
the covid-19 pandemic is having widespread impacts on the way we and our subsidiaries operate.
the spread of covid-19 and mitigating measures has had, and continues to have, macroeconomic implications, including increased unemployment levels, declines in economic growth rates and possibly a global recession, the effects of which could be felt well beyond the time during which the spread of the virus is mitigated or contained. these developments have caused unprecedented disruptions to the global economy and normal business operations across sectors and countries, including the sectors and countries in which we and our subsidiaries operate. because of the size and breadth of the pandemic, all of the direct and indirect consequences of covid-19 are not yet known and may not emerge for some time.
as a result of workplace restrictions, both voluntary and those imposed by governmental authorities, in response to the covid-19 pandemic, large portions of our and our subsidiaries' employees are working from home, which, among other things, may disrupt their productivity. similar workplace restrictions are in place at many of our and our subsidiaries' critical vendors, which may result in interruptions in service delivery or failure by vendors to properly perform required services. in addition, having shifted to remote working arrangements and being more dependent on internet and telecommunications access and capabilities, we and our subsidiaries also face a heightened risk of cybersecurity attacks or data security incidents. we and our subsidiaries also self-insure our health benefits and therefore may experience increased medical claims as a result of the pandemic.
acts of terrorism could harm us and our subsidiaries.
terrorist attacks and the continued threat of terrorism in the united states or abroad, the continuation or escalation of existing armed hostilities or the outbreak of additional hostilities, including military and other action by the united states and its allies, could have a significant impact on us and the assets and businesses of our subsidiaries. cna issues coverages that are exposed to risk of loss from an act of terrorism. terrorist acts or the threat of terrorism could also result in increased political, economic and financial market instability, a decline in energy consumption and volatility in the price of oil and gas, which could affect the market for boardwalk pipelines' transportation and storage services. in addition, future terrorist attacks could lead to reductions in business travel and tourism which could harm loews hotels & co. while our subsidiaries take steps that they believe are appropriate to secure their assets, there is no assurance that they can completely secure them against a terrorist attack or obtain adequate insurance coverage for terrorist acts at reasonable rates.
our subsidiaries face significant risks related to compliance with environmental laws.
our subsidiaries have extensive obligations and financial exposure related to compliance with federal, state, local, foreign and international environmental laws, including those relating to the discharge of substances into the environment, the disposal, removal or clean up of hazardous wastes and other activities relating to the protection of the environment. many of such laws have become increasingly stringent in recent years and may in some cases impose strict liability, which could be substantial, rendering a person liable for environmental damage without regard to negligence or fault on the part of that person. for example, boardwalk pipelines is subject to environmental laws and regulations, including requiring the acquisition of permits or other approvals to conduct regulated activities, restricting the manner in which it disposes of waste, requiring remedial action to remove or mitigate contamination resulting from a spill or other release and requiring capital expenditures to comply with pollution control requirements. in addition, altium packaging may be adversely affected by laws or regulations concerning environmental matters that increase the cost of producing, or otherwise adversely affect the demand for, plastic products. further, existing environmental laws or the interpretation or enforcement thereof may be amended and new laws may be adopted in the future.
failures or interruptions in or breaches to our or our subsidiaries' computer systems could materially and adversely affect our or our subsidiaries' operations.
we and our subsidiaries are dependent upon information technologies, computer systems and networks, including those maintained by us and our subsidiaries and those maintained and provided to us and our subsidiaries by third parties (for example, "software-as-a-service" and cloud solutions), to conduct operations and are reliant on technology to help increase efficiency in our and their businesses. we and our subsidiaries are dependent upon operational and financial computer systems to process the data necessary to conduct almost all aspects of our and their businesses. any failure of our or our subsidiaries' computer systems, or those of our or their customers, vendors or others with whom we and they do business, could materially disrupt business operations. computer, telecommunications and other business facilities and systems could become unavailable or impaired from a variety of causes, including storms and other natural disasters, terrorist attacks, fires, utility outages, theft, design defects, human error or complications encountered as existing systems are replaced or upgraded. in addition, it has been reported that unknown entities or groups have mounted so-called "cyber attacks" on businesses and other organizations solely to disable or disrupt computer systems, disrupt operations and, in some cases, steal data. in particular, the u.s. government has issued public warnings that indicate energy assets may be specific targets of cyber attacks, which can have catastrophic consequences and hotel chains, among other consumer-facing businesses, have been subject to various cyber attacks targeting payment card and other sensitive consumer information. breaches of our and our subsidiaries' computer security infrastructure can result from actions by our employees, vendors, third party administrators or by unknown third parties, and may disrupt our or their operations, cause significant damage to our or their assets and surrounding areas, cause loss of life or serious bodily injury and impact our or their data framework or cause a failure to protect personal information of customers or employees.
the foregoing risks relating to disruption of service, interruption of operations and data loss could impact our and our subsidiaries' ability to timely perform critical business functions, resulting in disruption or deterioration in our and our subsidiaries' operations and business and expose us and our subsidiaries to monetary and reputational damages. in addition, potential exposures include substantially increased compliance costs and required computer system upgrades and security related investments. the breach of confidential information also could give rise to legal liability and regulatory action under data protection and privacy laws and regulations, both in the u.s. and foreign jurisdictions.
loss of key vendor relationships or issues relating to the transitioning of vendor relationships could result in a materially adverse effect on our and our subsidiaries' operations.
we and our subsidiaries rely on products, equipment and services provided by many third-party suppliers, manufacturers and service providers in the united states and abroad, which exposes us and them to volatility in the quality, price and availability of such items. these include, for example, vendors of computer hardware, software and services, as well as other critical materials and services (including, in the case of cna, claims administrators performing significant claims administration and adjudication functions). certain products, equipment and services may be available from a limited number of sources. if one or more key vendors becomes unable to continue to provide products, equipment or services at the requisite level for any reason, or fails to protect our proprietary information, including in some cases personal information of employees, customers or hotel guests, we and our subsidiaries may experience a material adverse effect on our or their business, operations and reputation.
we could incur impairment charges related to the carrying value of the long-lived assets and goodwill of our subsidiaries.
our subsidiaries regularly evaluate their long-lived assets and goodwill for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of these assets may not be recoverable. most notably, we could incur impairment charges related to the carrying value of pipeline and storage assets at boardwalk pipelines and hotel investments owned by loews hotels & co.
we also test goodwill for impairment on an annual basis or when events or changes in circumstances indicate that a potential impairment exists. asset impairment evaluations by us and our subsidiaries with respect to both long-lived assets and goodwill are, by nature, highly subjective. the use of different estimates and assumptions could result in materially different carrying values of our assets which could impact the need to record an impairment charge and the amount of any charge taken.
we are a holding company and derive substantially all of our income and cash flow from our subsidiaries.
we rely upon our invested cash balances and distributions from our subsidiaries to generate the funds necessary to meet our obligations and to declare and pay any dividends to holders of our common stock. our subsidiaries are separate and independent legal entities and have no obligation, contingent or otherwise, to make funds available to us, whether in the form of loans, dividends or otherwise. the ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends is subject to, among other things, the availability of sufficient earnings and funds in such subsidiaries, applicable state laws, including in the case of the insurance subsidiaries of cna, laws and rules governing the payment of dividends by regulated insurance companies, and their compliance with covenants in their respective loan agreements. claims of creditors of our subsidiaries will generally have priority as to the assets of such subsidiaries over our claims and those of our creditors and shareholders.
we and our subsidiaries face competition for senior executives and qualified specialized talent.
we and our subsidiaries depend on the services of our key personnel, who possess skills critical to the operation of our and their businesses. our and our subsidiaries' executive management teams are highly experienced and possess extensive skills in their relevant industries. the ability to retain senior executives and to attract and retain highly skilled professionals and personnel with specialized industry and technical experience is important to our and our subsidiaries' success and future growth. competition for this talent can be intense, and we and our subsidiaries may not be successful in our efforts. the unexpected loss of the services of these individuals could have a detrimental effect on us and our subsidiaries and could hinder our and their ability to effectively compete in the various industries in which we and they operate.
from time to time we and our subsidiaries are subject to litigation, for which we and they may be unable to accurately assess the level of exposure and which if adversely determined, may have a significant adverse effect on our or their financial condition or results of operations.
we and our subsidiaries are or may become parties to legal proceedings and disputes. these matters may include, among others, contract disputes, claims disputes, reinsurance disputes, personal injury claims, environmental claims or proceedings, asbestos and other toxic tort claims, intellectual property disputes, disputes related to employment and tax matters and other litigation incidental to our or their businesses. it is difficult to predict the outcome or effect of any litigation matters and the outcome of any pending or future litigation could have a significant impact on our or our subsidiaries' financial condition or results of operations.
item 7.  management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is comprised of the following sections:
page

no.
overview                            47
results of operations               48
consolidated financial results      48
cna financial                       49
boardwalk pipelines                 55
loews hotels &amp; co               58
corporate                           59
diamond offshore                    60
liquidity and capital resources     60
parent company                      60
subsidiaries                        60
contractual obligations             62
investments                         63
insurance reserves                  66
critical accounting estimates       75
accounting standards update         77
overview loews corporation is a holding company and has five reportable segments comprised of three individual consolidated operating subsidiaries, cna financial corporation ("cna"), boardwalk pipeline partners, lp ("boardwalk pipelines") and loews hotels holding corporation ("loews hotels & co"); the corporate segment and diamond offshore drilling inc. ("diamond offshore"). the corporate segment is primarily comprised of loews corporation excluding its subsidiaries and the operations of altium packaging llc ("altium packaging"). diamond offshore was deconsolidated during the second quarter of 2020. each of the operating subsidiaries and diamond offshore are headed by a chief executive officer who is responsible for the operation of its business and has the duties and authority commensurate with that position.
on april 26, 2020 (the "filing date"), diamond offshore and certain of its direct and indirect subsidiaries filed voluntary petitions in the united states bankruptcy court for the southern district of texas seeking relief under chapter 11 of the united states bankruptcy code (the "chapter 11 filing"). as a result of the chapter 11 filing and applicable u.s. generally accepted accounting principles, loews corporation no longer controls diamond offshore for accounting purposes. therefore, diamond offshore was deconsolidated from the company's consolidated financial statements, effective as of the filing date, resulting in the recognition of a loss of $1.2 billion ($957 million after tax) during the year ended december 31, 2020. results of operations for diamond offshore through the filing date included an aggregate asset impairment charge of $774 million ($408 million after tax and noncontrolling interests) recognized in the first quarter of 2020. for further information see the diamond offshore section of this md&a.
unless the context otherwise requires, the term "company" as used herein means loews corporation including its subsidiaries, the terms "parent company," "we," "our," "us" or like terms as used herein mean loews corporation excluding its subsidiaries, the term "net income (loss) attributable to loews corporation" as used herein means net income (loss) attributable to loews corporation shareholders and the term "subsidiaries" means the loews corporation's consolidated subsidiaries.
we rely upon our invested cash balances and distributions from our subsidiaries to generate the funds necessary to meet our obligations and to declare and pay any dividends to our shareholders. the ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends is subject to, among other things, the availability of sufficient earnings and funds in such subsidiaries, applicable state laws, including in the case of the insurance subsidiaries of cna, laws and rules governing the payment of dividends by regulated insurance companies (see note 14 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included under item 8) and compliance with covenants in their respective loan agreements. claims of creditors of our subsidiaries will generally have priority as to the assets of such subsidiaries over our claims and those of our creditors and shareholders.
the following discussion should be read in conjunction with item 1a, risk factors, and item 8, financial statements and supplementary data of this form 10-k. for a discussion of changes in results of operations comparing the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018 for loews corporation and its subsidiaries see part ii, item 7, management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2019, filed with the sec on february 12, 2020.
results of operations consolidated financial results the following table summarizes net income (loss) attributable to loews corporation by segment and net income (loss) per share attributable to loews corporation for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019:
year ended december 31                       2020                  2019

(in millions, except per share data)
cna financial                                             $618                        $894
boardwalk pipelines                                       206                          209
loews hotels &amp; co                                             (212   )             (31   )
corporate (a)                                                   (1,067   )              35
diamond offshore (b)                                              (476   )            (175   )
net income (loss) attributable to loews corporation       $(931          )            $932
basic net income (loss) per share                         $(3.32         )           $3.08
diluted net income (loss) per share                       $(3.32         )           $3.07
(a)   includes a net investment loss of $1.2 billion ($957 million after tax) caused by the write down of the carrying value of our interest in diamond offshore.

(b)   amounts presented for diamond offshore reflect the periods prior to deconsolidation. see notes 2 and 20 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements included under item 8.

2020 compared with 2019
net loss attributable to loews corporation for 2020 was $931 million, or $3.32 per share, compared to net income attributable to loews corporation of $932 million, or $3.07 per share, in 2019.
the net loss for 2020 was driven by six main factors: (i) an investment loss of $1.2 billion ($957 million after tax) caused by the write down of the carrying value of our interest in diamond offshore as a result of its deconsolidation upon its bankruptcy filing on april 26, 2020; (ii) drilling rig impairment charges at diamond offshore during the first quarter of 2020 when it was a consolidated subsidiary; (iii) operating losses in 2020 as compared to operating income in 2019 at loews hotels; (iv) a reduction in cna's and the parent company's net investment income; (v) net investment losses at cna in 2020 as compared to net investment gains in 2019; and (vi) lower property and casualty underwriting income at cna caused mainly by higher catastrophe losses.
the economic disruption caused by the covid-19 pandemic and measures to mitigate the spread of the virus have significantly affected loews's results in 2020. the full impact of covid-19 on the company's financial results will depend on the duration of mandated and voluntary containment efforts, related economic policies, the success of vaccination efforts in mitigating the pandemic, and other societal responses to the pandemic.
48
cna financial the following table summarizes the results of operations for cna for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019 as presented in note 20 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included under item 8. for further discussion of net investment income and investment gains (losses), see the investments section of this md&a.
year ended december 31                      2020                   2019

(in millions)
revenues:
insurance premiums                                           $7,649                 $7,428
net investment income                                         1,935                  2,118
investment gains (losses)                                       (35   )                 49
non-insurance warranty revenue                                1,252                  1,161
other revenues                                                   26                     32
total                                                        10,827                 10,788
expenses:
insurance claims and policyholders' benefits                  6,170                  5,806
amortization of deferred acquisition costs                    1,410                  1,383
non-insurance warranty expense                                1,159                  1,082
other operating expenses                                      1,125                  1,141
interest                                                        142                    152
total                                                        10,006                  9,564
income before income tax                                        821                  1,224
income tax expense                                             (131   )               (224   )
net income                                                      690                  1,000
amounts attributable to noncontrolling interests                (72   )               (106   )
net income attributable to loews corporation                   $618                   $894
2020 compared with 2019
net income attributable to loews corporation decreased $276 million for 2020 as compared with 2019. the decrease was primarily due to net catastrophe losses of $550 million ($388 million after tax and noncontrolling interests) for 2020 as compared to $179 million ($126 million after tax and noncontrolling interests) in 2019, lower net investment income and investment losses in 2020 as compared with investment gains in 2019. net catastrophe losses for 2020 include $294 million primarily related to severe weather-related events, $195 million related to covid-19 and $61 million related to civil unrest. the decrease in net investment income was driven by lower yields in the fixed income portfolio and lower limited partnership and common stock returns. investment losses were driven by higher impairment losses and the unfavorable change in fair value of non-redeemable preferred stock, partially offset by higher gains on sales of fixed maturity securities. these decreases were partially offset by improved non-catastrophe current accident year underwriting results and a $74 million charge ($52 million after tax and noncontrolling interests) in the third quarter of 2020 as compared to a $216 million charge ($151 million after tax and noncontrolling interests) in the third quarter of 2019 related to recognition of a premium deficiency as a result of the gross premium valuation ("gpv") review.
covid-19 related conditions had a significant impact across cna during 2020.  during the first quarter of 2020, cna experienced significant declines in the value of its investment portfolio. while financial markets broadly recovered by the end of 2020, cna's net investment income and investment gains (losses) are lower for 2020 as compared with 2019. cna also recorded significant catastrophe losses during 2020 related to covid-19 and recorded a reduction in its estimated audit premiums due to lower exposure. the company's 2020 consolidated financial statements reflect its best estimate of the impacts related to covid-19.
cna's property & casualty and other insurance operations cna's commercial property and casualty insurance operations ("property & casualty operations") include its specialty, commercial and international lines of business. cna's other insurance operations outside of property & casualty operations include its long term care business that is in run-off, certain corporate expenses, including interest on cna's corporate debt, and certain property and casualty businesses in run-off, including cna re and asbestos and environmental pollution ("a&ep"). cna's products and services are primarily marketed through independent agents, brokers and managing general underwriters to a wide variety of customers, including small, medium and large businesses, insurance companies, associations, professionals and other groups. we believe the presentation of cna as one reportable segment is appropriate in accordance with applicable accounting standards on segment reporting. however, for purposes of this discussion and analysis of the results of operations, we provide greater detail with respect to cna's property & casualty operations and other insurance operations to enhance the reader's understanding and to provide further transparency into key drivers of cna's financial results.
on december 30, 2020, cna entered into an agreement with cavello bay reinsurance limited ("cavello"), a subsidiary of enstar group limited, under which cavello reinsured a legacy portfolio of excess workers' compensation policies. the transaction closed on february 5, 2021 and is based on reserves in place as of january 1, 2020 and adjusted for any subsequent claim activity. this business will be reclassified from the commercial business to other insurance operations, better reflecting the manner in which cna is organized for purposes of making operating decisions and assessing performance. the new classifications will be presented in the period ending march 31, 2021, and prior periods presented will conform to the new presentation. further information on cna's retroactive reinsurance agreement is provided in note 21 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included under item 8.
in assessing its insurance operations, cna utilizes the core income (loss) financial measure. core income (loss) is calculated by excluding from net income (loss), investment gains or losses and any cumulative effects of changes in accounting guidance. in addition, core income (loss) excludes the effects of noncontrolling interests. the calculation of core income (loss) excludes investment gains or losses because investment gains or losses are generally driven by economic factors that are not necessarily reflective of cna's primary insurance operations. core income (loss) is deemed to be a non-gaap financial measure and management believes this measure is useful for investors to evaluate its insurance operations.
property & casualty operations in evaluating the results of property & casualty operations, cna utilizes the loss ratio, the loss ratio excluding catastrophes and development, the expense ratio, the dividend ratio, the combined ratio and the combined ratio excluding catastrophes and development. these ratios are calculated using gaap financial results. the loss ratio is the percentage of net incurred claim and claim adjustment expenses to net earned premiums. the loss ratio excluding catastrophes and development excludes net catastrophes losses and changes in estimates of claim and claim adjustment expense reserves, net of reinsurance, for prior years from the loss ratio. the expense ratio is the percentage of insurance underwriting and acquisition expenses, including the amortization of deferred acquisition costs, to net earned premiums. the dividend ratio is the ratio of policyholders' dividends incurred to net earned premiums. the combined ratio is the sum of the loss, expense and dividend ratios. the combined ratio excluding catastrophes and development is the sum of the loss ratio excluding catastrophes and development, the expense ratio and the dividend ratio. in addition, renewal premium change, rate, retention and new business are also utilized in evaluating operating trends. renewal premium change represents the estimated change in average premium on policies that renew, including rate and exposure changes. rate represents the average change in price on policies that renew excluding exposure change. for certain products within small business, where quantifiable, rate includes the influence of new business as well. exposure represents the measure of risk used in the pricing of the insurance product. retention represents the percentage of premium dollars renewed in comparison to the expiring premium dollars from policies available to renew. renewal premium change, rate and retention presented for the prior year are updated to reflect subsequent activity on policies written in the period. new business represents premiums from policies written with new customers and additional policies written with existing customers. gross written premiums, excluding third party captives, excludes business which is ceded to third party captives, including business related to large warranty programs.
the following tables summarize the results of cna's property & casualty operations for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019.
year ended december 31, 2020         specialty           commercial         international           total

(in millions, except %)
gross written premiums                         $7,180              $4,086                $1,133           $12,399
gross written premiums excluding third party captives                                  3,296               3,993                 1,133             8,422
net written premiums                            3,040               3,565                   961             7,566
net earned premiums                             2,883               3,323                   940             7,146
net investment income                             449                 565                    58             1,072
core income                                       535                 261                    38               834
other performance metrics:
loss ratio excluding catastrophes and development                                  59.9   %            60.6   %              60.1   %          60.2   %
effect of catastrophe impacts                     4.3                10.7                   7.1               7.7
effect of development-related items              (2.1   )             2.1                  (0.3   )           0.1
loss ratio                                       62.1   %            73.4   %              66.9   %          68.0   %
expense ratio                                    31.3                33.0                  35.5              32.6
dividend ratio                                     0.   l             0.5                                     0.3
combined ratio                                   93.5   %           106.9   %             102.4   %         100.9   %
combined ratio excluding catastrophes and development                                  91.3   %            94.1   %              95.6   %          93.1   %
rate                                               12   %              10   %                14   %            11   %
renewal premium change                             11                   8                    12                10
retention                                          86                  84                    73                83
new business                                     $389                $761                  $245            $1,395
51
year ended december 31, 2019         specialty           commercial         international           total

(in millions, except %)
gross written premiums                         $6,900              $3,693                $1,111           $11,704
gross written premiums excluding third party captives                                  3,015               3,609                 1,111             7,735
net written premiums                            2,848               3,315                   971             7,134
net earned premiums                             2,773               3,162                   974             6,909
net investment income                             556                 654                    63             1,273
core income                                       671                 489                    30             1,190
other performance metrics:
loss ratio excluding catastrophes and development                                  60.3   %            61.7   %              60.9   %          61.0   %
effect of catastrophe impacts                     0.5                 4.9                   1.1               2.6
effect of development-related items              (3.3   )             0.7                   2.1              (0.7   )
loss ratio                                       57.5   %            67.3   %              64.1   %          62.9   %
expense ratio                                    32.5                32.9                  37.7              33.5
dividend ratio                                    0.2                 0.6                                     0.3
combined ratio                                   90.2   %           100.8   %             101.8   %          96.7   %
combined ratio excluding catastrophes and development                                  93.0   %            95.2   %              98.6   %          94.8   %
rate                                                5   %               4   %                 8   %             5   %
renewal premium change                              8                   6                     7                 6
retention                                          88                  86                    71                84
new business                                     $367                $682                  $273            $1,322
2020 compared with 2019
total gross written premiums increased $695 million in 2020 as compared with 2019. total net written premiums increased $432 million in 2020 as compared with 2019.
gross written premiums, excluding third party captives, for specialty increased $281 million in 2020 as compared with 2019 driven by strong rate and higher new business. net written premiums for specialty increased $192 million in 2020 as compared with 2019. the increase in net earned premiums in 2020 was consistent with the trend in net written premiums for specialty.
gross written premiums for commercial increased $393 million in 2020 as compared with 2019 driven by strong rate and higher new business. net written premiums for commercial increased $250 million in 2020 as compared with 2019. the increase in net earned premiums in 2020 for commercial was consistent with the trend in net written premiums partially offset by a reduction in estimated audit premiums as a result of the economic slowdown arising from covid-19 and premium rate adjustments impacting certain general liability policies. for further information on the general liability premium rate adjustments see note 19 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included under item 8.
gross written premiums for international increased $22 million in 2020 as compared with 2019 driven by growth in europe and canada partially offset by the impact of the strategic exit from certain lloyd's business classes. net written premiums decreased $10 million in 2020 as compared with 2019. the decrease in net earned premiums in 2020 was consistent with the trend in net written premiums for international.
core income decreased $356 million in 2020 as compared with 2019 primarily due to higher net catastrophe losses and lower net investment income. these results were partially offset by improved non-catastrophe current accident year underwriting results.
net catastrophe losses were $550 million in 2020 as compared with $179 million in 2019. net catastrophe losses in 2020 include $294 million primarily related to severe weather-related events, $195 million related to covid-19 and $61 million related to civil unrest. specialty net catastrophe losses of $125 million in 2020 included $109 million related to the covid-19 pandemic and $16 million primarily related to severe weather-related events. specialty net catastrophe losses were $15 million in 2019. commercial net catastrophe losses of $358 million in 2020 included $252 million primarily related to severe weather-related events, $58 million related to civil unrest and $48 million related to the covid-19 pandemic. commercial net catastrophe losses were $154 million in 2019. international net catastrophe losses of $67 million in 2020 included $38 million related to the covid-19 pandemic, $26 million primarily related to severe weather-related events and $3 million related to civil unrest. international net catastrophe losses were $10 million in 2019.
the covid-19 catastrophe losses represent cna's best estimate of ultimate insurance losses and loss adjustment expenses, including defense costs, resulting from the pandemic, mitigating actions and the consequent economic crisis. the losses were substantially driven by healthcare professional liability with additional impacts from workers' compensation, management liability, commercial property, trade credit and surety. due to the timing and fluidity of the events related to covid-19, emergence pattern of claims and long tail nature of certain exposures the losses are substantially classified as incurred but not reported ("ibnr") reserves. the covid-19 catastrophe losses do not include the benefits of lower current accident year losses associated with lower loss frequency in certain lines of business as a result of shelter in place restrictions. those benefits are modest and are partially offset by the impact of a reduction in the estimated audit premiums and an increase in the credit allowance for premium receivables resulting from depressed economic conditions.
favorable net prior year loss reserve development of $20 million and $73 million was recorded in 2020 and 2019. in 2020 and 2019, specialty recorded favorable net prior year loss reserve development of $61 million and $92 million, commercial recorded unfavorable net prior year loss reserve development of $43 million as compared with favorable net prior year loss reserve development of $2 million and international recorded favorable net prior year loss reserve development of $2 million as compared with unfavorable net prior year loss reserve development of $21 million. further information on net prior year loss reserve development is included in note 8 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included under item 8.
specialty's combined ratio increased 3.3 points in 2020 as compared with 2019 primarily due to a 4.6 point increase in the loss ratio partially offset by a 1.2 point improvement in the expense ratio. the increase in the loss ratio was primarily due to higher net catastrophe losses, which were 4.3 points of the loss ratio in 2020, as compared with 0.5 points of the loss ratio in 2019. the improvement in the expense ratio was driven by lower underwriting expenses and higher net earned premiums.
commercial's combined ratio increased 6.1 points in 2020 as compared with 2019 due to an increase in the loss ratio. the increase in the loss ratio was driven by higher net catastrophe losses, which were 10.7 points of the loss ratio in 2020, as compared with 4.9 point of the loss ratio in 2019, and unfavorable net prior year loss reserve development in 2020. the expense ratio in 2020 was consistent with 2019 as higher acquisition expenses were offset by higher net earned premiums and lower underwriting expenses.
international's combined ratio increased 0.6 points in 2020 as compared with 2019 due to a 2.8 point increase in the loss ratio, partially offset by a 2.2 point improvement in the expense ratio. the increase in the loss ratio was driven by higher net catastrophe losses, which were 7.1 points of the loss ratio in 2020, as compared with 1.1 points of the loss ratio in 2019, partially offset by favorable net prior year loss reserve development in the current year. the improvement in the expense ratio was driven by lower acquisition and underwriting expenses.
other insurance operations the following table summarizes the results of cna's other insurance operations for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019.
years ended december 31       2020                2019

(in millions)
net earned premiums               $504                $520
net investment income              863                 845
core loss                          (99   )            (211   )
2020 compared with 2019
core loss improved $112 million in 2020 as compared with 2019. core loss in 2020 included a $59 million charge related to the recognition of an active life reserve premium deficiency for long term care policies primarily driven by actions taken on discount rate assumptions. the normative risk free rate (the projection of the 10-year u.s. treasury rate in the long term) was lowered by 100 basis points to 2.75% and the time period to grade up to the normative rate was extended from 6 years to 10 years. core loss in 2020 also included a $36 million charge related to an increase in the structured settlement claim reserves and a $30 million benefit related to a reduction in long term care claim reserves, both resulting from the annual claim reserve reviews in the third quarter of 2020. core loss in 2019 included a $170 million charge related to the recognition of an active life reserve premium deficiency and a $44 million benefit related to a reduction in long term care claim reserves resulting from the annual claim reserve reviews in the third quarter of 2019. excluding the impacts of the gpv and claim reserve reviews, core results in 2020 were favorable, driven by better than expected morbidity in the long term care business and higher net investment income. the increase in net investment income was driven by the allocation of a portion of limited partnership income to other insurance operations beginning in the fourth quarter of 2020. further, during 2020, relative to expectations, cna experienced lower new claim frequency, higher claim terminations and more favorable claim severity amid the effects of covid-19. given the uncertainty of these trends, cna increased its ibnr reserves in anticipation of increased claim activity as the covid-19 pandemic abates.
non-gaap reconciliation of core income to net income the following table reconciles core income to net income attributable to loews corporation for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019:
year ended december 31                          2020                2019

(in millions)
core income (loss):
property &amp; casualty operations                                     $834               $1,190
other insurance operations                                              (99   )             (211   )
total core income                                                       735                  979
investment gains (losses)                                               (30   )               37
consolidating adjustments including noncontrolling interests            (87   )             (122   )
net income attributable to loews corporation                           $618                 $894
boardwalk pipelines overview boardwalk pipelines operates in the midstream portion of the natural gas and natural gas liquids ("ngls") industry, providing transportation and storage for those commodities. boardwalk pipelines is not in the business of buying and selling natural gas and ngls other than for system management purposes, but changes in natural gas and ngls prices may impact the volumes of natural gas or ngls transported and stored by customers on its systems. due to the capital-intensive nature of its business, boardwalk pipelines' operating costs and expenses typically do not vary significantly based upon the amount of products transported, with the exception of fuel consumed at its compressor stations and not included in a fuel tracker.
current events in 2020, the covid-19 pandemic and measures to mitigate the spread of covid-19 significantly impacted the world and the united states. an excess supply of energy products also led to disruptions in the energy sector and volatility in energy prices early in 2020, with a partial recovery of prices and demand occurring in the latter half of 2020. boardwalk pipelines' operations are considered essential critical infrastructure under current cybersecurity and infrastructure security agency guidelines, which allowed boardwalk pipelines to remain open during the pandemic. as a result, the impacts from covid-19 and the volatile energy prices have not been significant to boardwalk pipelines' business, though some of its customers have been and continue to be directly impacted by covid-19 and the volatility in commodity prices. in 2020, boardwalk pipelines transported approximately 3.2 tcf of natural gas, or an 8% increase from 2019.
firm agreements a substantial portion of boardwalk pipelines' transportation and storage capacity is contracted for under firm agreements. for the year ended december 31, 2020, approximately 90% of boardwalk pipelines' revenues were derived from capacity reservation fees under firm contracts. the table below shows a rollforward of operating revenues under committed firm agreements in place as of december 31, 2019 to december 31, 2020, including agreements for transportation, storage and other services, over the remaining term of those agreements:
as of december 31, 2020

(in millions)
total projected operating revenues under committed firm agreements as of december 31, 2019         $9,329
adjustments for:
actual revenues recognized from firm agreements in 2020 (a)                                        (1,155   )
firm agreements entered into in 2020                                                                1,276
total projected operating revenues under committed firm agreements as of december 31, 2020         $9,450
(a)   reflects an increase of $91 million in boardwalk pipelines' actual 2020 revenues recognized from fixed fees under firm agreements as compared with its expected 2020 revenues from fixed fees under firm agreements, including agreements for transportation, storage and other services as of december 31, 2019, primarily due to an increase from contract renewals that occurred in 2020.

during 2020, boardwalk pipelines entered into approximately $1.3 billion of new firm agreements, of which approximately 55% were from new growth projects executed in 2020, but will not be placed into commercial service until 2024 or later years. as of december 31, 2020, boardwalk pipelines' top ten customers holding firm capacity under firm agreements comprised approximately 40% of its total projected operating revenues. additionally, the credit profile associated with boardwalk pipelines' customers comprising the total projected operating revenues under firm agreements as of december 31, 2020 was 75% rated as investment grade, 4% rated as non-investment grade and 21% not rated.
contract renewals each year a portion of boardwalk pipelines' firm transportation and storage agreements expire. the rates boardwalk pipelines is able to charge customers are heavily influenced by market trends (both short and longer term), including the available supply, geographical location of natural gas production, the competition between producing basins, competition with other pipelines for supply and markets, the demand for gas by end-users such as power plants, petrochemical facilities and lng export facilities and the price differentials between the gas supplies and the market demand for the gas (basis differentials). boardwalk pipelines' storage rates are additionally impacted by natural gas price differentials between time periods, such as winter to summer (time period price spreads), and the volatility in time period price spreads. demand for firm service is primarily based on market conditions which can vary across boardwalk pipelines' pipeline systems. while boardwalk pipelines has not seen a decrease in the demand for its transportation services as a result of the covid-19 pandemic or the volatility in energy prices during 2020, if these conditions were to remain for an extended period of time or worsen, boardwalk pipelines could see a decline in the demand for its services. boardwalk pipelines focuses its marketing efforts on enhancing the value of the capacity that is up for renewal and works with customers to match gas supplies from various basins to new and existing customers and markets, including aggregating supplies at key locations along its pipelines to provide end-use customers with attractive and diverse supply options. if the market perceives the value of boardwalk pipelines' available capacity to be lower than its long term view of the capacity, boardwalk pipelines may seek to shorten contract terms until market perception improves.
over the past several years, as a result of market conditions, boardwalk pipelines has renewed some expiring contracts at lower rates or for shorter terms than in the past. in addition to normal contract expirations, in the 2018 to 2020 timeframe, transportation agreements associated with its significant pipeline expansion projects that were placed into service in the 2007-2009 timeframe, have expired. a substantial portion of the capacity associated with the pipeline expansion projects was recontracted, usually at lower rates or lower volumes, which has negatively impacted boardwalk pipelines' operating revenues. the last of the contract expirations associated with the 2007-2009 pipeline expansion projects have occurred and the associated impacts on operating revenues have been and will continue to be realized. historically, boardwalk pipelines had delivered the majority of production volumes from these pipeline expansion projects to other pipelines. over the past several years, boardwalk pipelines has focused on diversifying its deliveries to end-use markets through utilizing available capacity from contract expirations and the capacity created from its growth projects. boardwalk pipelines has diversified deliveries such that almost 75% of boardwalk pipelines' projected future firm reservation revenues, from firm agreements in place as of december 31, 2020, are for deliveries to end-use customers.
pipeline system maintenance boardwalk pipelines incurs substantial costs for ongoing maintenance of its pipeline systems and related facilities, including those incurred for pipeline integrity management activities, equipment overhauls, general upkeep and repairs. these costs are not dependent on the amount of revenues earned from its transportation services. phmsa has developed regulations that require transportation pipeline operators to implement integrity management programs to comprehensively evaluate certain areas along pipelines and take additional measures to protect pipeline segments located in highly populated areas. these regulations have resulted in an overall increase in boardwalk pipelines' ongoing maintenance costs, including maintenance capital and maintenance expense. in 2019, phmsa issued the first part of its gas mega rule, which became effective on july 1, 2020. this regulation imposed numerous requirements, including maop reconfirmation through re-verification of all historical records for pipelines in service, which re-certification process may require natural gas pipelines installed before 1970 (previously excluded from certain pressure testing obligations) to be pressure tested, the periodic assessment of additional pipeline mileage outside of hcas (in mcas as well as class 3 and class 4 areas), the reporting of exceedances of maop and the consideration of seismicity as a risk factor in integrity management. the remaining rulemakings comprising the gas mega rule have not been published yet and boardwalk pipelines cannot predict when they will be finalized, however, they are expected to include revised pipeline repair criteria as well as more stringent corrosion control requirements. it is expected that these new rules will cause boardwalk pipelines to incur increased capital and operating costs, experience operational delays and result in potential adverse impacts to its ability to reliably serve its customers as described under item 1a. risk factors of this report.
maintenance costs may be capitalized or expensed, depending on the nature of the activities. for any given reporting period, the mix of projects that boardwalk pipelines undertakes will affect the amounts we record as property, plant and equipment on the consolidated balance sheets or recognize as expenses, which impacts earnings. in 2021, boardwalk pipelines expects to spend approximately $370 million to maintain its pipeline systems, of which approximately $150 million is expected to be maintenance capital. in 2020, boardwalk pipelines spent $361 million to maintain its pipeline systems, of which $149 million was recorded as maintenance capital.
results of operations the following table summarizes the results of operations for boardwalk pipelines for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019 as presented in note 20 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included under item 8:
year ended december 31                    2020                  2019

(in millions)
revenues:
operating revenues and other                            $1,302                $1,300
total                                                    1,302                 1,300
expenses:
operating and other                                        855                   840
interest                                                   170                   179
total                                                    1,025                 1,019
income before income tax                                   277                   281
income tax expense                                         (71   )               (72   )
net income attributable to loews corporation              $206                  $209
2020 compared with 2019
total revenues increased $2 million in 2020 as compared with 2019. including the effect of items in fuel and transportation expense and excluding net proceeds of approximately $34 million in 2020 and $26 million in 2019 as a result of drawing on letters of credit due to customer bankruptcies in 2020 and 2019, operating revenues decreased $11 million driven by contract expirations that were recontracted at overall lower average rates, partially offset by revenues from recently completed growth projects and higher storage and parking and lending revenues due to favorable market conditions.
operating expenses increased $15 million in 2020 as compared with 2019. excluding items offset with operating revenues, operating expenses increased $11 million, primarily due to an increased asset base from recently completed growth projects and the expiration of property tax abatements, partially offset by lower maintenance project spending and employee-related costs. interest expense decreased $9 million in 2020 as compared with 2019 primarily due to lower average interest rates.
57
loews hotels & co the following table summarizes the results of operations for loews hotels & co for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019 as presented in note 20 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included under item 8:
year ended december 31                  2020               2019

(in millions)
revenues:
operating revenue                                     $167               $578
gain on sale of assets                                  37
revenues related to reimbursable expenses               74                114
total                                                  278                692
expenses:
operating and other:
operating                                              273                493
asset impairments                                       36                 99
reimbursable expenses                                   74                114
depreciation                                            63                 61
equity (income) loss from joint ventures                73                (69   )
interest                                                33                 22
total                                                  552                720
loss before income tax                                (274   )            (28   )
income tax (expense) benefit                            62                 (3   )
net loss attributable to loews corporation           $(212   )           $(31   )
2020 compared with 2019
due to the covid-19 pandemic and efforts to mitigate the spread of the virus, beginning in march of 2020, loews hotels & co temporarily suspended operations at the majority of its owned and/or operated hotels. since then, most hotels have resumed operations, but occupancy rates remain considerably lower than those from the prior year, or even occupancy rates prior to march of 2020. as such, loews hotels & co has actively managed the operations of its hotel portfolio, in partnership with each hotel's stakeholders, to minimize the financial loss at each property and accommodate available demand. although loews hotels & co has enacted significant measures to adjust the operating cost structure of each hotel during suspensions of operations, deferred most capital expenditures and reduced the operating costs of its management company, these measures could not offset the impact of significant lost revenues. loews hotels & co has therefore incurred significant operating losses since the start of the pandemic.
the resumption of operations for the hotels that currently have suspended operations, the potential for hotels that are operational to suspend operations, as well as occupancy levels for hotels that are operational will depend on numerous factors, many of which are outside loews hotels & co's control including government capacity restrictions, travel restrictions and the duration and scope of the covid-19 pandemic. while the duration and period to period severity of the covid-19 outbreak and related financial impact cannot be estimated at this time, loews hotels & co's results of operations, financial condition and cash flows were materially adversely affected during 2020, and will continue to be materially adversely impacted into 2021. in addition, once the covid-19 outbreak is mitigated or contained, whenever that may be, historical travel patterns, both domestic and international, may continue to be disrupted either on a temporary basis or with longer term effects. these factors have contributed to impairment charges in 2020, and may lead to additional impairment charges in future periods.
reduced occupancy and average daily rates caused by the covid-19 pandemic and resulting mitigation efforts and operating cost reduction measures are the primary reasons for the decrease in operating revenues of $411 million and operating expenses of $220 million in 2020 as compared with 2019. equity losses from joint ventures was $73 million in 2020 as compared to equity income of $69 million in 2019, also driven primarily by the impact of the covid-19 pandemic.
loews hotels & co considers events or changes in circumstances that indicate the carrying amount of its assets may not be recoverable. in 2020, loews hotels & co recorded impairment charges of $36 million to reduce the carrying value of certain assets to their estimated fair value compared to impairment charges of $99 million in 2019.
gain on sale of assets of $37 million in 2020 related to an owned hotel and an office building.
interest expense for 2020 increased $11 million as compared with 2019 primarily due to the increase in aggregate debt balances and less capitalized interest related to hotel development projects.
corporate corporate operations consist primarily of investment income at the parent company, operating results of altium packaging, parent company interest expense and other parent company administrative costs. investment income includes earnings on cash and short term investments held at the parent company to meet current and future liquidity needs, as well as results of limited partnership investments and the trading portfolio held at the parent company.
the following table summarizes the results of operations for corporate for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019 as presented in note 20 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included under item 8:
year ended december 31                       2020                  2019

(in millions)
revenues:
net investment income                                                $                 $230
investment loss                                                 (1,211   )
operating revenues and other                                     1,023                  933
total                                                             (129   )            1,163
expenses:
operating and other                                              1,098                1,004
interest                                                           127                  115
total                                                            1,225                1,119
income (loss) before income tax                                 (1,354   )               44
income tax (expense) benefit                                       287                   (9   )
net income (loss) attributable to loews corporation            $(1,067   )              $35
2020 compared with 2019
net investment income for the parent company decreased $171 million in 2020 as compared with 2019 as a result of the significant decline in the performance of equity based and short term investments in response to the covid-19 pandemic and related containment measures.
investment loss of $1.2 billion ($957 million after tax) for the year ended december 31, 2020 was due to the loss recognized upon deconsolidation of diamond offshore as a result of its chapter 11 filing.
operating revenues and other include altium packaging revenues of $1,022 million and $932 million for 2020 and 2019. the increase of $90 million in 2020 as compared with 2019 reflects an increase of $63 million related to the full year impact of acquisitions in 2019, an acquisition in november of 2020, higher volumes and higher year-over-year resin prices. altium packaging's contracts with its customers provide for price adjustments for changes in resin prices on a prospective basis. due to fluctuations in resin prices, over time resin raw material costs are generally offset by the change in revenues, so that altium packaging's gross margins return to the same level as prior to the change in prices.
operating and other expenses include altium packaging operating expenses of $992 million and $913 million for 2020 and 2019, which include depreciation and amortization expense. the increase in operating expenses of $79 million in 2020 as compared with 2019 is primarily due to $56 million for the full year impact of acquisitions in 2019 and an acquisition in november of 2020, higher depreciation and amortization expenses and the increase in resin prices.
corporate operating and other expenses were $106 million and $91 million for 2020 and 2019. the increases of $15 million in 2020 as compared with 2019 are primarily due to legal and other corporate overhead expenses.
interest expenses increased $12 million in 2020 as compared with 2019 due to the issuance in may of 2020 of the parent company's $500 million aggregate principal amount of 3.2% senior notes due may 15, 2030 and incremental borrowings by altium packaging to fund its 2019 acquisitions.
diamond offshore contract drilling revenues were $287 million and $935 million for 2020 and 2019. contract drilling expenses were $254 million and $793 million for 2020 and 2019. results for 2020 included in our consolidated financial statements reflect only the period through the april 26, 2020 deconsolidation. operating and other expenses for 2020 include an aggregate asset impairment charge of $774 million ($408 million after tax and noncontrolling interests) recognized in the first quarter of 2020.
liquidity and capital resources parent company parent company cash and investments, net of receivables and payables, totaled $3.5 billion at december 31, 2020 as compared to $3.3 billion at december 31, 2019. in 2020, we received $947 million in dividends from our subsidiaries, including a special dividend from cna of $485 million. cash outflows included the payment of $923 million to fund treasury stock purchases, $70 million of cash dividends to our shareholders, $151 million of cash contributions to loews hotels & co and $19 million to purchase common shares of cna. on february 3, 2021, we received a $199 million dividend from altium packaging. in march of 2021, we will receive dividends of $275 million from cna. as a holding company we depend on dividends from our subsidiaries and returns on our investment portfolio to fund our obligations. we also have an effective registration statement on file with the securities and exchange commission ("sec") registering the future sale of an unlimited amount of our debt and equity securities from time to time. we are not responsible for the liabilities and obligations of our subsidiaries and there are no parent company guarantees.
in may of 2020, we completed a public offering of $500 million aggregate principal amount of 3.2% senior notes due may 15, 2030. the proceeds of this offering are available for general corporate purposes.
depending on market and other conditions, we may purchase our shares and shares of our subsidiaries outstanding common stock in the open market or otherwise. in 2020, we purchased 22.0 million shares of loews corporation common stock and 564,430 shares of cna common stock. as of february 5, 2021, we had purchased an additional 2.2 million shares of loews corporation common stock in 2021 at an aggregate cost of $100 million. as of february 5, 2021, there were 267,046,558 shares of loews corporation common stock outstanding.
loews corporation has a corporate credit and senior debt rating of a with a stable outlook from s&p global ratings ("s&p"), a senior debt rating of a3 with a stable outlook from moody's investors service ("moody's") and a senior debt rating of a with a stable outlook from fitch ratings inc. ("fitch").
future uses of our cash may include investing in our subsidiaries, new acquisitions, dividends and/or repurchases of our and our subsidiaries' outstanding common stock. the declaration and payment of future dividends to holders of our common stock will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on many factors, including our earnings, financial condition and business needs.
subsidiaries cna's cash provided by operating activities was $1.8 billion in 2020 and $1.1 billion in 2019. the increase in cash provided by operating activities was driven by an increase in premiums collected, lower net claim payments and lower income taxes paid, partially offset by a lower level of distributions from limited partnerships.
cna paid dividends of $3.48 per share on its common stock, including a special dividend of $2.00 per share in 2020. on february 5, 2021, cna's board of directors declared a quarterly dividend of $0.38 per share and a special dividend of $0.75 per share payable march 11, 2021 to shareholders of record on february 22, 2021. cna's declaration and payment of future dividends is at the discretion of its board of directors and will depend on many factors, including cna's earnings, financial condition, business needs and regulatory constraints. the payment of dividends by cna's insurance subsidiaries without prior approval of the insurance department of each subsidiary's domiciliary jurisdiction is limited by formula. dividends in excess of these amounts are subject to prior approval by the respective state insurance departments.
in august of 2020, cna completed a public offering of $500 million aggregate principal amount of its 2.1% senior notes due august 15, 2030 and used the net proceeds to redeem the entire $400 million outstanding aggregate principal balance of its 5.8% senior notes due august 15, 2021 and for general corporate purposes. cna has an effective shelf registration statement on file with the sec under which it may publicly issue debt, equity or hybrid securities from time to time.
on february 5, 2021, in connection with the closing of the retroactive reinsurance transaction with cavello, cna transferred approximately $630 million of cash into a collateral trust account as security for cavello's obligations under the terms of the agreement. see note 21 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included under item 8 for further information on the retroactive reinsurance transaction with cavello.
dividends from continental casualty company ("ccc"), a subsidiary of cna, are subject to the insurance holding company laws of the state of illinois, the domiciliary state of ccc. under these laws, ordinary dividends, or dividends that do not require prior approval by the illinois department of insurance (the "department"), are determined based on the greater of the prior year's statutory net income or 10% of statutory surplus as of the end of the prior year, as well as the timing and amount of dividends paid in the preceding 12 months. additionally, ordinary dividends may only be paid from earned surplus, which is calculated by removing unrealized gains from unassigned surplus. as of december 31, 2020, ccc was in a positive earned surplus position. the maximum allowable dividend ccc could pay during 2021 that would not be subject to the department's prior approval is $1,070 million, less dividends paid during the preceding twelve months measured at that point in time. ccc paid dividends of $975 million in 2020. the actual level of dividends paid in any year is determined after an assessment of available dividend capacity, holding company liquidity and cash needs as well as the impact the dividends will have on the statutory surplus of the applicable insurance company.
cna has a financial strength rating of a and senior debt rating of bbb+ from a.m. best company ("a.m. best"), a financial strength rating of a2 and senior debt rating of baa2 from moody's, a financial strength rating of a+ and senior debt rating of a- from s&p and financial strength rating of a+ and senior debt rating of bbb+ from fitch. a.m. best, moody's, s&p and fitch maintain stable outlooks across cna's financial strength and senior debt credit ratings.
boardwalk pipelines' cash provided by operating activities decreased $21 million in 2020 compared to 2019, primarily due to the change in net income and the timing of receivables.
for 2020 and 2019, boardwalk pipelines' capital expenditures were $438 million and $429 million, consisting primarily of a combination of growth and maintenance capital. boardwalk pipelines expects total capital expenditures to be approximately $340 million in 2021, including approximately $150 million for maintenance capital and $190 million related to growth projects.
boardwalk pipelines anticipates that its existing capital resources, including its revolving credit facility and cash flows from operating activities, will be adequate to fund its operations and capital expenditures for 2021. boardwalk pipelines may seek to access the debt markets to fund some or all capital expenditures for growth projects, acquisitions or for general corporate purposes. during 2020, boardwalk pipelines utilized the remaining capacity under its effective shelf registration statement, and it plans to file with the sec and expects to have declared effective in the first quarter of 2021 a $1.0 billion shelf registration statement under which it may publicly issue debt securities, warrants or rights from time to time.
in november of 2020, boardwalk pipelines paid a distribution of $102 million to the company.
boardwalk pipelines has a senior debt rating of bbb- with a stable outlook from s&p, a senior debt rating of baa3 with a stable outlook from moody's and a senior debt rating of bbb- with a positive outlook from fitch.
certain of the hotels wholly or partially owned by loews hotels & co are financed by debt facilities, with a number of different lenders. each of the loan agreements underlying these facilities contain a variety of financial and operational covenants. as a result of the impacts of covid-19, loews hotels & co has proactively requested certain lenders, where applicable, to (1) temporarily waive certain covenants to avoid an event of default and/or further restriction of the hotel's cash balances through the establishment of lockboxes and other measures; (2) temporarily allow funds previously restricted directly or indirectly under the hotel's underlying loan agreement for the renewal, replacement and addition of building improvements, furniture and fixtures to be used instead for hotel operations and maintenance; and/or (3) defer certain interest and/or principal payments while the hotels operations are temporarily suspended or significantly impacted by a decline in occupancy. loews hotels & co also continues to work with lenders on loans that are being reviewed for extension. these discussions with lenders are ongoing and may require loews hotels & co to make principal paydowns or provide guaranties of a subsidiary's debt to otherwise avoid an event of default. through the date of this report, loews hotels & co is not in default on any of its loans.
additionally, due to temporary suspension of operations and lost revenues in certain joint venture entities, loews hotels & co has received capital call notices in accordance with the underlying joint venture agreements to support the properties' operations. through december 31, 2020, loews hotels & co funded approximately $51 million to these joint ventures in 2020.
in 2020 loews hotels & co received capital contributions of $151 million from loews corporation to fund working capital and growth projects. due to the ongoing impact of the covid-19 pandemic to the travel and hospitality industry, loews hotels & co will require additional funding from loews corporation during 2021. the amount needed will depend on numerous factors, including how quickly properties are able to return to sustainable operating levels.
on february 3, 2021, altium packaging issued a $1.05 billion seven-year secured term loan. the term loan is a variable rate facility which bears interest at a floating rate equal to the london interbank offered rate ("libor") plus an applicable margin of 2.75%, subject to a 0.5% libor floor. the proceeds were used to pay the outstanding principal balances of its variable rate term loans and lending facility and pay a dividend of $200 million.
off-balance sheet arrangements at december 31, 2020 and 2019, neither we nor any of our subsidiaries had any off-balance sheet arrangements.
contractual obligations our contractual payment obligations are as follows:
payments due by period

less than                                                             more than december 31, 2020                           total                 1 year              1-3 years              3-5 years                 5 years
(in millions)
debt (a)                                  $13,053                   $458                 $2,512                 $2,614                  $7,469
operating leases                              666                     89                    152                    108                     317
claim and claim adjustment expense reserves (b)                               23,709                  5,983                  6,205                  3,096                   8,425
future policy benefit reserves (c)         25,394                   (329   )                111                    865                  24,747
purchase and other obligations                215                    206                      4                      2                       3
total                                     $63,037                 $6,407                 $8,984                 $6,685                 $40,961
(a)   includes estimated future interest payments.

(b)   the claim and claim adjustment expense reserves reflected above are not discounted and represent cna's estimate of the amount and timing of the ultimate settlement and administration of gross claims based on its assessment of facts and circumstances known as of december 31, 2020. see the insurance reserves section of this md&amp;a for further information.

(c)   the future policy benefit reserves reflected above are not discounted and represent cna's estimate of the ultimate amount and timing of the settlement of benefits net of expected premiums, and are based on its assessment of facts and circumstances known as of december 31, 2020. additional information on future policy benefit reserves is included in note 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included under item 8.

further information on our commitments, contingencies and guarantees is provided in the notes to consolidated financial statements included under item 8.
investments investment activities of our non-insurance subsidiaries primarily consist of investments in fixed income securities, including short term investments. the parent company portfolio also includes equity securities, including short sales and derivative instruments, and investments in limited partnerships. these types of investments generally have greater volatility, less liquidity and greater risk than fixed income investments and are included within results of operations - corporate.
the parent company enters into short sales and invests in certain derivative instruments that are used for asset and liability management activities, income enhancements to its portfolio management strategy and to benefit from anticipated future movements in the underlying markets. if such movements do not occur as anticipated, then significant losses may occur. monitoring procedures include senior management review of daily reports of existing positions and valuation fluctuations to seek to ensure that open positions are consistent with the portfolio strategy.
credit exposure associated with non-performance by counterparties to derivative instruments is generally limited to the uncollateralized change in fair value of the derivative instruments recognized in the consolidated balance sheets. we mitigate the risk of non-performance by monitoring the creditworthiness of counterparties and diversifying derivatives by using multiple counterparties. we occasionally require collateral from derivative investment counterparties depending on the amount of the exposure and the credit rating of the counterparty.
insurance cna maintains a large portfolio of fixed maturity and equity securities, including large amounts of corporate and government issued debt securities, residential and commercial mortgage-backed securities, other asset-backed securities and investments in limited partnerships which pursue a variety of long and short investment strategies across a broad array of asset classes. cna's investment portfolio supports its obligation to pay future insurance claims and provides investment returns which are an important part of cna's overall profitability.
net investment income the significant components of cna's net investment income are presented in the following table. fixed income securities, as presented, include both fixed maturity securities and non-redeemable preferred stock.
year ended december 31               2020              2019

(in millions)
fixed income securities:
taxable fixed income securities               $1,451            $1,538
tax-exempt fixed income securities               319               318
total fixed income securities                  1,770             1,856
limited partnership investments                  121               180
common stock                                      23                46
other, net of investment expense                  21                36
net investment income                         $1,935            $2,118
effective income yield for the fixed income securities

portfolio                                                  4.5   %       4.8   %
limited partnership and common stock return                8.3   %      11.7   %
cna's net investment income decreased $183 million in 2020 as compared with 2019 driven by lower yields in the fixed income portfolio and lower limited partnership and common stock returns.
investment gains (losses)
the components of cna's investment gains (losses) are presented in the following table:
year ended december 31                         2020               2019

(in millions)
investment gains (losses):
fixed maturity securities:
corporate and other bonds                                             $(71   )           $(8   )
states, municipalities and political subdivisions                       40                13
asset-backed                                                            31               (11   )
total fixed maturity securities                                          -                (6   )
non-redeemable preferred stock                                          (3   )            66
short term and other                                                   (32   )           (11   )
total investment gains (losses)                                        (35   )            49
income tax (expense) benefit                                             5               (12   )
amounts attributable to noncontrolling interests                         3                (4   )
investment gains (losses) attributable to loews corporation           $(27   )           $33
cna's investment gains (losses) decreased $84 million in 2020 as compared with 2019. the decrease was driven by higher impairment losses and the unfavorable change in fair value of non-redeemable preferred stock partially offset by higher net realized investment gains on sales of fixed maturity securities.
further information on cna's investment gains and losses is set forth in note 3 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included under item 8.
portfolio quality the following table presents the estimated fair value and net unrealized gains (losses) of cna's fixed maturity securities by rating distribution:
december 31, 2020                          december 31, 2019

net                                        net unrealized                                 unrealized estimated                  gains           estimated                  gains fair value                 (losses)        fair value                 (losses)
(in millions)
u.s. government, government agencies and government-sponsored enterprises           $3,672                     $117            $4,136                     $95
aaa                                                 3,627             454                      3,254             349
aa                                                  7,159                     1,012            6,663             801
a                                                   9,543                     1,390            9,062                     1,051
bbb                                                18,007                     2,596           16,839                     1,684
non-investment grade                                2,623             149                      2,253             101
total                                      $44,631                    $5,718          $42,207                    $4,081
as of december 31, 2020 and 2019, 1% of cna's fixed maturity portfolio was rated internally. aaa rated securities included $1.8 billion and $1.5 billion of pre-funded municipal bonds as of december 31, 2020 and 2019.
64
the following table presents cna's available-for-sale fixed maturity securities in a gross unrealized loss position by ratings distribution:
gross

estimated      unrealized december 31, 2020                             fair value          losses
(in millions)
u.s. government, government agencies and government-sponsored enterprises                    $115              $3
aaa                                                   36               1
aa                                                   163               7
a                                                    561              14
bbb                                                  520              28
non-investment grade                                 335              24
total                                             $1,730             $77
the following table presents the maturity profile for these available-for-sale fixed maturity securities. securities not due to mature on a single date are allocated based on weighted average life:
gross

estimated      unrealized december 31, 2020                           fair value          losses
(in millions)
due in one year or less                           $161              $9
due after one year through five years              676              24
due after five years through ten years             653              36
due after ten years                                240               8
total                                           $1,730             $77
duration a primary objective in the management of cna's investment portfolio is to optimize return relative to the corresponding liabilities and respective liquidity needs. cna's views on the current interest rate environment, tax regulations, asset class valuations, specific security issuer and broader industry segment conditions as well as domestic and global economic conditions, are some of the factors that enter into an investment decision. cna also continually monitors exposure to issuers of securities held and broader industry sector exposures and may from time to time adjust such exposures based on its views of a specific issuer or industry sector.
a further consideration in the management of cna's investment portfolio is the characteristics of the corresponding liabilities and the ability to align the duration of the portfolio to those liabilities and to meet future liquidity needs, minimize interest rate risk and maintain a level of income sufficient to support the underlying insurance liabilities. for portfolios where future liability cash flows are determinable and typically long term in nature, cna segregates investments for asset/liability management purposes. the segregated investments support the long term care and structured settlement liabilities in other insurance operations.
the effective durations of cna's fixed income securities and short term investments are presented in the following table. amounts presented are net of payable and receivable amounts for securities purchased and sold, but not yet settled.
december 31, 2020                   december 31, 2019

effective                           effective estimated                duration   estimated                duration fair value                (years)   fair value                (years)
(in millions of dollars)
investments supporting other insurance operations                               $18,518                       9.2   $18,015                       8.9
other investments                                28,839                4.5           26,813                4.1
total                                    $47,357                       6.3   $44,828                       6.0
cna's investment portfolio is periodically analyzed for changes in duration and related price risk. certain securities have duration characteristics that are variable based on market interest rates, credit spreads and other factors that may drive variability in the amount and timing of cash flows. additionally, cna periodically reviews the sensitivity of the portfolio to the level of foreign exchange rates and other factors that contribute to market price changes. a summary of these risks and specific analysis on changes is included in the quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk included under item 7a.
short term investments the carrying value of the components of cna's short term investments are presented in the following table:
december 31                 2020            2019

(in millions)
short term investments:
commercial paper                                      $1,181
u.s. treasury securities              $1,702             364
other                                    205             316
total short term investments          $1,907          $1,861
during 2020, cna shifted its commercial paper holdings to u.s. treasury securities.
in addition to short term investments, cna held $419 million and $242 million of cash as of december 31, 2020 and 2019.
insurance reserves the level of claim reserves cna maintains represents its best estimate, as of a particular point in time, of what the ultimate settlement and administration of claims will cost based on cna's assessment of facts and circumstances known at that time. reserves are not an exact calculation of liability but instead are complex estimates that cna derives, generally utilizing a variety of actuarial reserve estimation techniques, from numerous assumptions and expectations about future events, both internal and external, many of which are highly uncertain. as noted below, cna reviews its reserves for each segment of its business periodically, and any such review could result in the need to increase reserves in amounts which could be material and could adversely affect our results of operations and equity and cna's financial condition, business and insurer financial strength and corporate debt ratings. further information on reserves is provided in note 8 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included under item 8.
property and casualty claim and claim adjustment expense reserves cna maintains loss reserves to cover its estimated ultimate unpaid liability for claim and claim adjustment expenses, including the estimated cost of the claims adjudication process, for claims that have been reported but not yet settled (case reserves) and claims that have been incurred but not reported ("ibnr"). ibnr includes a provision for development on known cases as well as a provision for late reported incurred claims. claim and claim adjustment expense reserves are reflected as liabilities and are included on the consolidated balance sheets under the heading "insurance reserves." adjustments to prior year reserve estimates, if necessary, are reflected in results of operations in the period that the need for such adjustments is determined. the carried case and ibnr reserves as of each balance sheet date are provided in the discussion that follows and in note 8 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included under item 8.
there is a risk that cna's recorded reserves are insufficient to cover its estimated ultimate unpaid liability for claims and claim adjustment expenses. given the unprecedented nature of the event, a particularly high level of uncertainty exists as to the potential impact on insurance losses related to the covid-19 pandemic, mitigating actions and consequent economic crisis. unforeseen emerging or potential claims and coverage issues are also difficult to predict and could materially adversely affect the adequacy of cna's claim and claim adjustment expense reserves and could lead to future reserve additions.
in addition, cna's property and casualty insurance subsidiaries also have actual and potential exposures related to a&ep claims, which could result in material losses. to mitigate the risks posed by cna's exposure to a&ep claims and claim adjustment expenses, cna completed a transaction with national indemnity company ("nico"), under which substantially all of cna's legacy a&ep liabilities were ceded to nico effective january 1, 2010. see note 8 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements included under item 8 for further discussion about the transaction with nico, its impact on cna's results of operations, the deferred retroactive reinsurance gain and the amount of remaining reinsurance limit.
establishing property & casualty reserve estimates in developing claim and claim adjustment expense ("loss" or "losses") reserve estimates, cna's actuaries perform detailed reserve analyses that are staggered throughout the year. the data is organized at a reserve group level. a reserve group can be a line of business covering a subset of insureds such as commercial automobile liability for small or middle market customers, or it can be a particular type of claim such as construction defect. every reserve group is reviewed at least once during the year, but most are reviewed more frequently. the analyses generally review losses gross of ceded reinsurance and apply the ceded reinsurance terms to the gross estimates to establish estimates net of reinsurance. in addition to the detailed analyses, cna reviews actual loss emergence for all products each quarter.
most of cna's business can be characterized as long-tail. for long-tail business, it will generally be several years between the time the business is written and the time when all claims are settled. cna's long-tail exposures include commercial automobile liability, workers' compensation, general liability, medical professional liability, other professional liability and management liability coverages, assumed reinsurance run-off and products liability. short-tail exposures include property, commercial automobile physical damage, marine, surety and warranty. property & casualty operations contain both long-tail and short-tail exposures. other insurance operations contain long-tail exposures.
various methods are used to project ultimate losses for both long-tail and short-tail exposures.
the paid development method estimates ultimate losses by reviewing paid loss patterns and applying them to accident or policy years with further expected changes in paid losses. selection of the paid loss pattern may require consideration of several factors including the impact of inflation on claim costs, the rate at which claims professionals make claim payments and close claims, the impact of judicial decisions and legislative changes, the impact of underwriting changes, the impact of large claim payments and other factors. claim cost inflation itself may require evaluation of changes in the cost of repairing or replacing property, changes in the cost of medical care, changes in the cost of wage replacement and the impact of judicial decisions, legislative changes and other factors. because this method assumes that losses are paid at a consistent rate, changes in any of these factors can affect the results. since the method does not rely on case reserves, it is not directly influenced by changes in their adequacy.
for many reserve groups, paid loss data for recent periods may be too immature or erratic for accurate predictions. this situation often exists for long-tail exposures. in addition, changes in the factors described above may result in inconsistent payment patterns. finally, estimating the paid loss pattern subsequent to the most mature point available in the data analyzed often involves considerable uncertainty for long-tail products such as workers' compensation.
the incurred development method is similar to the paid development method, but it uses case incurred losses instead of paid losses. since the method uses more data (case reserves in addition to paid losses) than the paid development method, the incurred development patterns may be less variable than paid patterns. however, selection of the incurred loss pattern typically requires analysis of all of the same factors described above. in addition, the inclusion of case reserves can lead to distortions if changes in case reserving practices have taken place, and the use of case incurred losses may not eliminate the issues associated with estimating the incurred loss pattern subsequent to the most mature point available.
the loss ratio method multiplies earned premiums by an expected loss ratio to produce ultimate loss estimates for each accident or policy year. this method may be useful for immature accident or policy periods or if loss development patterns are inconsistent, losses emerge very slowly or there is relatively little loss history from which to estimate future losses. the selection of the expected loss ratio typically requires analysis of loss ratios from earlier accident or policy years or pricing studies and analysis of inflationary trends, frequency trends, rate changes, underwriting changes and other applicable factors.
the bornhuetter-ferguson method using paid loss is a combination of the paid development method and the loss ratio method. this method normally determines expected loss ratios similar to the approach used to estimate the expected loss ratio for the loss ratio method and typically requires analysis of the same factors described above. this method assumes that future losses will develop at the expected loss ratio level. the percent of paid loss to ultimate loss implied from the paid development method is used to determine what percentage of ultimate loss is yet to be paid. the use of the pattern from the paid development method typically requires consideration of the same factors listed in the description of the paid development method. the estimate of losses yet to be paid is added to current paid losses to estimate the ultimate loss for each year. for long-tail lines, this method will react very slowly if actual ultimate loss ratios are different from expectations due to changes not accounted for by the expected loss ratio calculation.
the bornhuetter-ferguson method using incurred loss is similar to the bornhuetter-ferguson method using paid loss except that it uses case incurred losses. the use of case incurred losses instead of paid losses can result in development patterns that are less variable than paid patterns. however, the inclusion of case reserves can lead to distortions if changes in case reserving have taken place, and the method typically requires analysis of the same factors that need to be reviewed for the loss ratio and incurred development methods.
the frequency times severity method multiplies a projected number of ultimate claims by an estimated ultimate average loss for each accident or policy year to produce ultimate loss estimates. since projections of the ultimate number of claims are often less variable than projections of ultimate loss, this method can provide more reliable results for reserve groups where loss development patterns are inconsistent or too variable to be relied on exclusively. in addition, this method can more directly account for changes in coverage that affect the number and size of claims. however, this method can be difficult to apply to situations where very large claims or a substantial number of unusual claims result in volatile average claim sizes. projecting the ultimate number of claims may require analysis of several factors, including the rate at which policyholders report claims to cna, the impact of judicial decisions, the impact of underwriting changes and other factors. estimating the ultimate average loss may require analysis of the impact of large losses and claim cost trends based on changes in the cost of repairing or replacing property, changes in the cost of medical care, changes in the cost of wage replacement, judicial decisions, legislative changes and other factors.
stochastic modeling produces a range of possible outcomes based on varying assumptions related to the particular reserve group being modeled. for some reserve groups, cna uses models which rely on historical development patterns at an aggregate level, while other reserve groups are modeled using individual claim variability assumptions supplied by the claims department. in either case, multiple simulations using varying assumptions are run and the results are analyzed to produce a range of potential outcomes. the results will typically include a mean and percentiles of the possible reserve distribution which aid in the selection of a point estimate.
for many exposures, especially those that are considered long-tail, a particular accident or policy year may not have a sufficient volume of paid losses to produce a statistically reliable estimate of ultimate losses. in such a case, cna's actuaries typically assign more weight to the incurred development method than to the paid development method. as claims continue to settle and the volume of paid loss increases, the actuaries may assign additional weight to the paid development method. for most of cna's products, even the incurred losses for accident or policy years that are early in the claim settlement process will not be of sufficient volume to produce a reliable estimate of ultimate losses. in these cases, cna may not assign much, if any, weight to the paid and incurred development methods. cna may use the loss ratio, bornhuetter-ferguson and/or frequency times severity methods. for short-tail exposures, the paid and incurred development methods can often be relied on sooner primarily because cna's history includes a sufficient number of years to cover the entire period over which paid and incurred losses are expected to change. however, cna may also use the loss ratio, bornhuetter-ferguson and/or frequency times severity methods for short-tail exposures.
for other more complex reserve groups where the above methods may not produce reliable indications, cna uses additional methods tailored to the characteristics of the specific situation.
periodic reserve reviews the reserve analyses performed by cna's actuaries result in point estimates. each quarter, the results of the detailed reserve reviews are summarized and discussed with cna's senior management to determine management's best estimate of reserves. cna's senior management considers many factors in making this decision. cna's recorded reserves reflect its best estimate as of a particular point in time based upon known facts and circumstances, consideration of the factors cited above and its judgment. the carried reserves differ from the actuarial point estimate as discussed further below.
currently, cna's recorded reserves are modestly higher than the actuarial point estimate. for property & casualty operations, the difference between cna's reserves and the actuarial point estimate is primarily driven by uncertainty with respect to immature accident years, claim cost inflation, changes in claims handling, changes to the tort environment which may adversely affect claim costs and the effects from the economy. for cna's legacy a&ep liabilities, the difference between cna's reserves and the actuarial point estimate is primarily driven by the potential tail volatility of run-off exposures.
the key assumptions fundamental to the reserving process are often different for various reserve groups and accident or policy years. some of these assumptions are explicit assumptions that are required of a particular method, but most of the assumptions are implicit and cannot be precisely quantified. an example of an explicit assumption is the pattern employed in the paid development method. however, the assumed pattern is itself based on several implicit assumptions such as the impact of inflation on medical costs and the rate at which claim professionals close claims. as a result, the effect on reserve estimates of a particular change in assumptions typically cannot be specifically quantified, and changes in these assumptions cannot be tracked over time.
cna's recorded reserves are management's best estimate. in order to provide an indication of the variability associated with cna's net reserves, the following discussion provides a sensitivity analysis that shows the approximate estimated impact of variations in significant factors affecting cna's reserve estimates for particular types of business. these significant factors are the ones that cna believes could most likely materially affect the reserves. this discussion covers the major types of business for which cna believes a material deviation to its reserves is reasonably possible. there can be no assurance that actual experience will be consistent with the current assumptions or with the variation indicated by the discussion. in addition, there can be no assurance that other factors and assumptions will not have a material impact on cna's reserves.
the three areas for which cna believes a significant deviation to its net reserves is reasonably possible are (i) professional liability, management liability and surety products (ii)  workers' compensation and (iii)  general liability.
professional liability, management liability and surety products include u.s. professional liability coverages provided to various professional firms, including architects, real estate agents, small and mid-sized accounting firms, law firms and other professional firms. they also include d&o, employment practices, fiduciary, fidelity and surety coverages and medical liability. the most significant factor affecting reserve estimates for these liability coverages is claim severity. claim severity is driven by the cost of medical care, the cost of wage replacement, legal fees, judicial decisions, legislative changes and other factors. underwriting and claim handling decisions such as the classes of business written and individual claim settlement decisions can also affect claim severity. if the estimated claim severity increases by 9%, cna estimates that net reserves would increase by approximately $400 million. if the estimated claim severity decreases by 3%, cna estimates that net reserves would decrease by approximately $150 million. cna's net reserves for these products were approximately $4.6 billion as of december 31, 2020.
for workers' compensation, since many years will pass from the time the business is written until all claim payments have been made, the most significant factor affecting workers' compensation reserve estimate is claim cost inflation on claim payments. workers' compensation claim cost inflation is driven by the cost of medical care, the cost of wage replacement, expected claimant lifetimes, judicial decisions, legislative changes and other factors. if estimated workers' compensation claim cost inflation increases by 100 basis points for the entire period over which claim payments will be made, cna estimates that its net reserves would increase by approximately $350 million. if estimated workers' compensation claim cost inflation decreases by 100 basis points for the entire period over which claim payments will be made, cna estimates that its net reserves would decrease by approximately $350 million. net reserves for workers' compensation were approximately $3.9 billion as of december 31, 2020.
for general liability, the most significant factor affecting reserve estimates is claim severity. claim severity is driven by changes in the cost of repairing or replacing property, the cost of medical care, the cost of wage replacement, judicial decisions, legislation and other factors. if the estimated claim severity for general liability increases by 6%, cna estimates that its net reserves would increase by approximately $200 million. if the estimated claim severity for general liability decreases by 3%, cna estimates that its net reserves would decrease by approximately $100 million. net reserves for general liability were approximately $3.5 billion as of december 31, 2020.
given the factors described above, it is not possible to quantify precisely the ultimate exposure represented by claims and related litigation. as a result, cna regularly reviews the adequacy of its reserves and reassesses its reserve estimates as historical loss experience develops, additional claims are reported and settled and additional information becomes available in subsequent periods. in reviewing cna's reserve estimates, cna makes adjustments in the period that the need for such adjustments is determined. these reviews have resulted in cna's identification of information and trends that have caused cna to change its reserves in prior periods and could lead to cna's identification of a need for additional material increases or decreases in claim and claim adjustment expense reserves, which could materially affect our results of operations and equity and cna's financial condition, business and insurer financial strength and corporate debt ratings positively or negatively. see note 8 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements included under item 8 for additional information about reserve development.
the following table summarizes gross and net carried reserves for cna's property & casualty operations:
december 31                                   2020               2019

(in millions)
gross case reserves                                                         $6,183            $6,276
gross ibnr reserves                                                         10,697             9,494
total gross carried claim and claim adjustment expense reserves            $16,880           $15,770
net case reserves                                                           $5,544            $5,645
net ibnr reserves                                                            9,380             8,508
total net carried claim and claim adjustment expense reserves              $14,924           $14,153
the following table summarizes the gross and net carried reserves for other insurance businesses in run-off, including cna re and a&ep:
december 31                                  2020             2019

(in millions)
gross case reserves                                                      $1,105            $1,137
gross ibnr reserves                                                         978             1,097
total gross carried claim and claim adjustment expense reserves          $2,083            $2,234
net case reserves                                                           $88               $92
net ibnr reserves                                                            74                83
total net carried claim and claim adjustment expense reserves              $162              $175
life & group policyholder reserves cna's life & group business includes its run-off long term care business as well as structured settlement obligations not funded by annuities related to certain property and casualty claimants. long term care policies provide benefits for nursing homes, assisted living facilities and home health care subject to various daily and lifetime caps. generally, policyholders must continue to make periodic premium payments to keep the policy in force and cna has the ability to increase policy premiums, subject to state regulatory approval.
cna maintains both claim and claim adjustment expense reserves as well as future policy benefit reserves for policyholder benefits for its life & group business. claim and claim adjustment expense reserves consist of estimated reserves for long term care policyholders that are currently receiving benefits, including claims that have been incurred but are not yet reported. in developing the claim and claim adjustment expense reserve estimates for cna's long term care policies, its actuaries perform a detailed claim reserve review on an annual basis. the review analyzes the sufficiency of existing reserves for policyholders currently on claim and includes an evaluation of expected benefit utilization and claim duration. in addition, claim and claim adjustment expense reserves are also maintained for the structured settlement obligations. in developing the claim and claim adjustment expense reserve estimates for cna's structured settlement obligations, cna's actuaries monitor mortality experience on an annual basis. cna's recorded claim and claim adjustment expense reserves reflect cna's best estimate after incorporating the results of the most recent reviews. claim and claim adjustment expense reserves for long term care policies and structured settlement obligations are discounted as discussed in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements included under item 8.
future policy benefit reserves consist of the active life reserves related to cna's long term care policies for policyholders that are not currently receiving benefits and represent the present value of expected future benefit payments and expenses less expected future premium. the determination of these reserves requires management to make estimates and assumptions about expected investment and policyholder experience over the life of the contract. since many of these contracts may be in force for several decades, these assumptions are subject to significant estimation risk.
the actuarial assumptions that management believes are subject to the most variability are morbidity, persistency, discount rates and anticipated future premium rate increases. morbidity is the frequency and severity of injury, illness, sickness and diseases contracted. persistency is the percentage of policies remaining in force and can be affected by policy lapses, benefit reductions and death. discount rates are influenced by the investment yield on assets supporting long term care reserves which is subject to interest rate and market volatility and may also be affected by changes to the internal revenue code. future premium rate increases are generally subject to regulatory approval, and therefore the exact timing and size of the approved rate increases are unknown. as a result of this variability, cna's long term care reserves may be subject to material increases if actual experience develops adversely to its expectations.
annually, in the third quarter, cna assesses the adequacy of its long term care future policy benefit reserves by performing a gross premium valuation ("gpv") to determine if there is a premium deficiency. under the gpv, management estimates required reserves using best estimate assumptions as of the date of the assessment without provisions for adverse deviation. the gpv required reserves are then compared to the existing recorded reserves. if the gpv required reserves are greater than the existing recorded reserves, the assumptions are unlocked and future policy benefit reserves are increased to the greater amount. any such increase is reflected in cna's results of operations in the period in which the need for such adjustment is determined. if the gpv required reserves are less than the existing recorded reserves, the assumptions remain locked in and no adjustment is required.
periodically, cna engages independent third parties to assess the appropriateness of its best estimate assumptions. the most recent third party assessment, performed in 2019, validated the assumption setting process and confirmed the best estimate assumptions appropriately reflected the experience data at that time.
the september 30, 2020 gpv indicated a premium deficiency of $74 million and future policy benefit reserves were increased accordingly. as a result, the long term care active life reserves carried as of september 30, 2020 represent cna's best estimate assumptions at that date with no margin for adverse deviation. a summary of the changes as a result of the 2020 gpv is presented in the table below:
(in millions)
long term care active life reserve - change in estimated reserve margin september 30, 2019 estimated margin                                              $-
changes in underlying discount rate assumptions                                (609   )
changes in underlying morbidity assumptions                                      51
changes in underlying persistency assumptions                                   152
changes in underlying premium rate action assumptions                           318
changes in underlying expense and other assumptions                              14
september 30, 2020 premium deficiency                                          $(74   )
the premium deficiency was primarily driven by changes in discount rate assumptions due to lower expected reinvestment rates, contemplating both near-term market indications and long-term normative assumptions. this unfavorable driver was significantly offset by higher than previously estimated rate increases on active rate increase programs, new planned rate increase filings and favorable changes to the underlying persistency and morbidity assumptions.
cna's projections do not indicate a pattern of expected profits in earlier future years followed by expected losses in later future years. as such, cna is not establishing additional future policy benefit reserves for profits followed by losses in periods where the long term care business generates core income. the need for these additional future policy benefit reserves will be re-evaluated in connection with the next gpv, which is expected to be completed in the third quarter of 2021.
the table below summarizes the estimated pretax impact on cna's results of operations from various hypothetical revisions to its active life reserve assumptions. the annual gpv process involves updating all assumptions to management's then current best estimate, and historically all significant assumptions have been revised each year. in the hypothetical revisions table below, cna has assumed that revisions to such assumptions would occur in each policy type, age and duration within each policy group and would occur absent any changes, mitigating or otherwise, in the other assumptions. although such hypothetical revisions are not currently required or anticipated, cna believes they could occur based on past variances in experience and its expectations of the ranges of future experience that could reasonably occur. any actual adjustment would be dependent on the specific policies affected and, therefore, may differ from the estimates summarized below.
estimated reduction

2020 gpv        to pretax income
(in millions)
hypothetical revisions morbidity:
2.5% increase in morbidity                    $339
5% increase in morbidity                     677
persistency:
5% decrease in active life mortality and lapse                    $254
10% decrease in active life mortality and lapse                     469
discount rates:
25 basis point decline in new money interest rates                    $175
50 basis point decline in new money interest rates                     356
premium rate actions:
25% decrease in anticipated future premium rate increases                     $66
50% decrease in anticipated future premium rate increases                     132
the following tables summarize policyholder reserves for cna's long term care operations:
claim and claim

adjustment              future december 31, 2020                          expenses     policy benefits          total
(in millions)
long term care                               $2,844              $9,762        $12,606
structured settlement annuities                 543                                543
other                                            10                                 10
total                                         3,397               9,762         13,159
shadow adjustments (a)                          218               3,293          3,511
ceded reserves (b)                              128                 263            391
total gross reserves                         $3,743             $13,318        $17,061
december 31, 2019

long term care                         $2,863        $9,470        $12,333
structured settlement annuities           515                          515
other                                      12                           12
total                                   3,390         9,470         12,860
shadow adjustments (a)                    167         2,615          2,782
ceded reserves (b)                        159           226            385
total gross reserves                   $3,716       $12,311        $16,027
(a)   to the extent that unrealized gains on fixed income securities supporting long term care products and annuity contracts would result in a premium deficiency if those gains were realized, an increase in insurance reserves is recorded, after tax and noncontrolling interests, as a reduction of net unrealized gains through other comprehensive income (loss) ("shadow adjustments").

(b)   ceded reserves relate to claim or policy reserves fully reinsured in connection with a sale or exit from the underlying business.

catastrophes and related reinsurance various events can cause catastrophe losses. these events can be natural or man-made, including hurricanes, windstorms, earthquakes, hail, severe winter weather, fires, floods, riots, strikes, civil unrest, cyber attacks, pandemics and acts of terrorism that produce unusually large aggregate losses. in most, but not all cases, cna's catastrophe losses from these events in the u.s. are defined consistent with the definition of the property claims service ("pcs"). pcs defines a catastrophe as an event that causes damage of $25 million or more in direct insured losses to property and affects a significant number of policyholders and insurers. for events outside of the u.s., cna defines a catastrophe as an industry recognized event that generates an accumulation of claims amounting to more than $1 million for the international line of business.
catastrophes are an inherent risk of the property and casualty insurance business and have contributed to material period-to-period fluctuations in cna's results of operations and/or equity. cna reported catastrophe losses, net of reinsurance, of $550 million and $179 million for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019. net catastrophe losses for the year ended december 31, 2020 included $294 million related primarily to severe weather related events, $195 million related to the covid-19 pandemic and $61 million related to civil unrest. net catastrophe losses for the year ended december 31, 2019 related primarily to u.s. weather related events.
cna generally seeks to manage its exposure to catastrophes through the purchase of catastrophe reinsurance and has catastrophe reinsurance treaties that cover property and workers' compensation losses. cna conducts an ongoing review of its risk and catastrophe coverages and from time to time makes changes as it deems appropriate. the following discussion summarizes cna's most significant catastrophe reinsurance coverage at january 1, 2021.
group north american property treaty cna purchased corporate catastrophe excess-of-loss treaty reinsurance covering its u.s. states and territories and canadian property exposures underwritten in its north american and european companies. exposures underwritten through hardy are excluded. the treaty has a term of may 1, 2020 to may 1, 2021 and provides coverage for the accumulation of covered losses from catastrophe occurrences above cna's per occurrence retention of $250 million up to $1.2 billion. losses stemming from terrorism events are covered unless they are due to a nuclear, biological or chemical attack. all layers of the treaty provide for one full reinstatement.
group workers' compensation treaty cna also purchased corporate workers' compensation catastrophe excess-of-loss treaty reinsurance for the period january 1, 2021 to january 1, 2022 providing $275 million of coverage for the accumulation of covered losses related to natural catastrophes above cna's per occurrence retention of $25 million. the treaty provides $475 million of coverage for the accumulation of covered losses related to terrorism events above cna's retention of $25 million. of the $475 million in terrorism coverage, $200 million is provided for nuclear, biological, chemical and radiation events. one full reinstatement is available for the first $275 million above the retention, regardless of the covered peril. cna also purchased a targeted facultative facility to address exposure accumulations in specific peak terrorism zones.
terrorism risk insurance program reauthorization act of 2019 ("tripra")
cna's principal reinsurance protection against large-scale terrorist attacks, including nuclear, biological, chemical or radiological attacks, is the coverage currently provided through tripra which runs through the end of 2027. tripra provides a u.s. government backstop for insurance-related losses resulting from any "act of terrorism", which is certified by the secretary of treasury in consultation with the secretary of homeland security for losses that exceed a threshold of $200 million industry-wide for the calendar year 2021. under the current provisions of the program, in 2021 the federal government will reimburse 80% of cna's covered losses in excess of its applicable deductible up to a total industry program cap of $100 billion. cna's deductible is based on eligible commercial property and casualty earned premiums for the preceding calendar year. based on 2020 earned premiums, cna's estimated deductible under the program is $820 million for 2021. if an act of terrorism or acts of terrorism result in covered losses exceeding the $100 billion annual industry aggregate limit, congress would be responsible for determining how additional losses in excess of $100 billion will be paid.
critical accounting estimates the preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with gaap requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and the related notes. actual results could differ from those estimates.
the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes have been prepared in accordance with gaap, applied on a consistent basis. we continually evaluate the accounting policies and estimates used to prepare the consolidated financial statements. in general, our estimates are based on historical experience, evaluation of current trends, information from third party professionals and various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the known facts and circumstances.
we consider the accounting policies discussed below to be critical to an understanding of our consolidated financial statements as their application places the most significant demands on our judgment. due to the inherent uncertainties involved with these types of judgments, actual results could differ significantly from estimates and may have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition, equity, business and cna's insurer financial strength and corporate debt ratings.
insurance reserves insurance reserves are established for both short and long-duration insurance contracts. short-duration contracts are primarily related to property and casualty insurance policies where the reserving process is based on actuarial estimates of the amount of loss, including amounts for known and unknown claims. long-duration contracts are primarily related to long term care policies and are estimated using actuarial estimates about morbidity and persistency as well as assumptions about expected investment returns and future premium rate increases. the reserve for unearned premiums represents the portion of premiums written related to the unexpired terms of coverage. the reserving process is discussed in further detail in the insurance reserves section of this md&a.
long term care reserves future policy benefit reserves for cna's long term care policies are based on certain assumptions including morbidity, persistency, inclusive of mortality, discount rates and future premium rate increases. the adequacy of the reserves is contingent upon actual experience and cna's future expectations related to these key assumptions. if actual or cna's expected future experience differs from these assumptions, the reserves may not be adequate, requiring cna to add to reserves.
a prolonged period during which investment returns remain at levels lower than those anticipated in cna's reserving discount rate assumption could result in shortfalls in investment income on assets supporting cna's obligations under long term care policies, which may also require an increase to cna's reserves. in addition, cna may not receive regulatory approval for the level of premium rate increases it requests.
these changes to cna's reserves could materially adversely impact our results of operations, financial condition and equity. the reserving process is discussed in further detail in the insurance reserves section of this md&a.
reinsurance and other receivables exposure exists with respect to the collectibility of ceded property and casualty and life reinsurance to the extent that any reinsurer is unable to meet its obligations or disputes the liabilities cna has ceded under reinsurance agreements. an allowance for doubtful accounts on reinsurance receivables is recorded on the basis of periodic evaluations of balances due from reinsurers, reinsurer financial strength rating and solvency, industry experience and current and forecast economic conditions. further information on cna's reinsurance receivables is included in note 16 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included under item 8.
additionally, exposure exists with respect to the collectibility of amounts due from customers on other receivables. an allowance for doubtful accounts is recorded on the basis of periodic evaluations of balances due, currently as well as in the future, historical reinsurer default data, management's experience and current and forecast economic conditions.
if actual experience differs from the estimates made by management in determining the allowances for doubtful accounts on reinsurance and other receivables, net receivables as reflected on our consolidated balance sheets may not be collected. therefore, our results of operations, financial condition and/or equity could be materially adversely affected. further information on cna's process for determining the allowance for doubtful accounts on reinsurance and insurance receivables is in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements included under item 8.
valuation of investments and impairment of securities fixed maturity and equity securities are carried at fair value on the balance sheet. fair value represents the price that would be received in a sale of an asset in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date, the determination of which may require us to make a significant number of assumptions and judgments. securities with the greatest level of subjectivity around valuation are those that rely on inputs that are significant to the estimated fair value and that are not observable in the market or cannot be derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data. these unobservable inputs are based on assumptions consistent with what we believe other market participants would use to price such securities. further information on fair value measurements is included in note 4 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included under item 8.
cna's fixed maturity securities are subject to market declines below amortized cost that may result in the recognition of impairment losses in earnings. factors considered in the determination of whether or not an impairment loss is recognized in earnings include a current intention or need to sell the security or an indication that a credit loss exists. significant judgment is required in the determination of whether a credit loss has occurred for a security. cna considers all available evidence when determining whether a security requires a credit allowance to be recorded, including the financial condition and expected near-term and long term prospects of the issuer, whether the issuer is current with interest and principal payments, credit ratings on the security or changes in ratings over time, general market conditions, industry, sector or other specific factors and whether cna expects to receive cash flows sufficient to recover the entire amortized cost basis of the security.
cna's mortgage loan portfolio is subject to the expected credit loss model, which requires immediate recognition of estimated credit losses over the life of the asset and the presentation of the asset at the net amount expected to be collected. significant judgment is required in the determination of estimated credit losses and any changes in cna's expectation of the net amount to be collected are recognized in earnings.
further information on cna's process for evaluating impairments and expected credit losses is included in note 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included under item 8.
impairment of long-lived assets we review our long-lived assets for impairment when changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. we use a probability-weighted cash flow analysis to test property and equipment for impairment based on relevant market data. if an asset is determined to be impaired, a loss is recognized to reduce the carrying amount to the fair value of the asset. management's cash flow assumptions are an inherent part of our asset impairment evaluation and the use of different assumptions could produce results that differ from the reported amounts.
accounting standards update for a discussion of accounting standards updates that have been adopted or will be adopted in the future, please read note 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included under item 8.
