item 1a. risk factors investors should carefully consider all of the information set forth in this annual report, including the following risk factors, before deciding to invest in any of the company's securities. the risks below are not the only ones that the company faces. additional risks not presently known to the company, or that it presently deems immaterial, may also negatively impact the company. the company's business, consolidated financial condition, revenues, results of operations, profitability, reputation or cash flows could be materially impacted by any of these factors.
risks related to the covid-19 pandemic the effects of the outbreak of the covid-19 pandemic could have material adverse impacts on the company's business, results of operations, cash flows, and financial position.
the company is closely monitoring the impact of the covid-19 pandemic on all aspects of its business. in the second half of march 2020, daily volume for routine tests started to decline as a result of decreased consumer demand driven by a significant reduction in physician office visits, the cancellation of elective medical procedures, and the negative impacts on discretionary spending resulting from the economic downturn, among other factors. in addition, the performance of the company's drug development business was challenged by covid-19 due to actions that clients have taken and are taking that slowed clinical trial progress and the associated testing as well as restrictions in trial site access in certain countries and interruptions in the supply chain. given the continued unpredictability pertaining to the covid-19 pandemic and the corresponding government restrictions and customer behavior, the impact on the company's business continues to be uncertain and depends on a number of evolving factors that the company may not be able to predict or effectively respond to.
the further spread of covid-19, including the rise of variants, and the company's initiatives to help limit the spread of the illness, will impact the company's ability to carry out its business as usual, which could materially adversely impact its business and financial condition. the company has incurred additional costs in order to provide for the safety of its employees and the continuity of its operations, including increased frequency of deep cleaning and sanitation at each of its physical locations, additional safety training and processes, enhanced hygiene practices and materials, flexible and remote working where possible, and allowing for greater social distancing for the company's employees who must work on-site. additionally, the company has made a number of changes at the company's patient service centers for the comfort and safety of the patients, many of which have also increased costs for the company. for example, the company has set aside the first business hour of every day for vulnerable patients, launched a mobile check-in process that allows patients to wait for their appointment from within their car or other nearby location, and increased sanitation and disinfection in check-in areas, waiting rooms, bathrooms, and hallways with cdc-approved disinfectants.
the company faces increased cybersecurity risks due to the number of employees that are working remotely in regions impacted by stay-at-home orders. increased levels of remote access create additional opportunities for cybercriminals to exploit vulnerabilities, and employees may be more susceptible to phishing and social engineering attempts. the company may also be subject to increased cyber-attacks, such as phishing attacks by threat actors using the attention placed on the pandemic as a method for targeting the company's personnel. in addition, technological resources may be strained due to the number of remote users.
index adverse changes in government and third-party payer regulations, reimbursement, or coverage policies (or in the interpretation of current regulations) relating to covid-19 testing could materially impact the company's results of operations, cash flows and financial position.
the company expects to continue to incur additional costs, which may be significant, as it continues to implement operational changes in response to this pandemic. further, the covid-19 outbreak has disrupted and could continue to disrupt the company's supply chain, including by impacting its ability to secure test collection supplies, equipment and testing supplies for its facilities, personal protective equipment for its employees in its testing locations, patient service centers, and drug development clinics. for similar reasons, the covid-19 pandemic has also adversely impacted, and may continue to adversely impact, third parties that are critical to the company's business, including vendors, suppliers, and business partners. these developments, and others that are difficult or impossible to predict, could materially impact the company's business, financial results, cash flows, and financial position.
during 2020, the company diverted resources to developing and enhancing the accessibility of covid-19 testing, while at the same time taking certain steps with respect to its business strategy in order to increase cash flexibility. for example, the company temporarily suspended its share repurchase program, applied a heightened threshold to acquisition activity, and delayed some of its non-covid-19 related capital expenditures. these measures, and any other measures the company has taken and will continue to take to mitigate covid-19, may be insufficient to ensure the financial stability of the company, or may have other adverse impacts on the company's business, results of operations, cash flows, and financial position. additionally, if the pandemic continues for an extended period of time, the company may be forced to prioritize its application of resources to the continued mitigation of covid-19, at the expense of other potentially profitable opportunities or initiatives, such as through the development of new products or selected business acquisitions.
if the company does not respond appropriately to the ongoing covid-19 pandemic, or if the company's customers do not perceive its response to be adequate, the company could suffer damage to its reputation, which could adversely affect its business.
on march 11, 2020, the outbreak of covid-19 was declared a global pandemic and containment and mitigation measures were recommended; six days prior to this characterization, the company announced the availability of its labcorp 2019 novel coronavirus (covid-19) pcr test, which detects the presence of the underlying virus that causes covid-19, for use with patients who meet current guidance for evaluation of infection with covid-19. on april 9, 2020, the company announced an agreement to collaborate on a comprehensive u.s.-based covid-19 patient data registry. the company also launched a self-collection kit for its covid-19 pcr test under an emergency use authorization from the fda, expanded availability of antibody tests to detect antibodies to the virus that causes covid-19, and launched a series of innovations to increase test capacity, throughput, and efficiency to maximize the use of supplies. the company performed approximately 35 million covid-19 tests in 2020, which represents about 31 million pcr tests and over 4 million antibody tests. as of february 25, 2021, the company has the capacity to perform 275,000 pcr tests per day, but the company's testing capacity is dependent on access to multiple testing platforms and the availability of equipment and testing supplies and key personnel. the company's central laboratory business has also seen a significant increase in demand for sample collection supplies and kits and for clinical trials testing, which has put some pressure on the company's supply chain and caused some delays in delivery of kit orders and clinical trial testing result delivery. despite the company's efforts to obtain adequate clinical trial kit and testing supplies and expand its capacity to make clinical trials collection kits and perform clinical trials testing, the company may not be successful in meeting the increased demand, and the company's customers and other stakeholders may perceive the company's responses to the pandemic as insufficient, inadequate or not equivalent to or better than competitors, including with respect to the availability of testing, collection kits, and the amount of time it takes for delivery of test results or fulfillment of kit orders. factors that may be out of the company's control, such as the availability of equipment, supplies, and key personnel and geographical changes in demand, may impact the company's ability to meet customer demand and the company's other responses to the covid-19 pandemic, and may have an adverse effect on the company's operations. any such disruptions could result in negative publicity, and the company could suffer damage to its reputation, which could adversely affect its business, results of operations, cash flows, and financial position.
the success of the company is dependent in part on the efforts of its management team and employees, and the covid-19 pandemic could divert or hinder the company's human capital resources, which may adversely affect the company's operations.
the company's management team and employees have been acutely focused on efforts to respond to and mitigate covid-19, including developing covid-19 testing. the company has been continuously working to increase the number of tests that can be performed and improve the time for delivering test results. the company's management team is also working closely with federal and state authorities, health officials, and other key constituencies to make testing available to patients who meet the cdc criteria for who should be tested, and hhs guidance for prioritization of testing. these response efforts have required, and will continue to require, a large investment of time and resources that would otherwise be focused on the index development and growth of the company. further, the company's ability to maintain and expand testing capacity depend upon maintaining and expanding its employee population. if the company's management team or employees become unavailable due to illness or from other related factors, its operations could be materially adversely affected.
the ongoing covid-19 pandemic has created significant volatility, uncertainty, and economic disruption that could have an adverse impact on the company's financial position.
while the company believes that it maintains a solid financial position, including a strong balance sheet, investment grade ratings, and significant access to credit, the sweeping nature of the ongoing covid-19 pandemic has created cascading effects, all of which are difficult to predict. the company may also experience greater than normal impact due to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates and interest rates, decreased sales volumes, changes in employment rates and health insurance coverage, the speed of the anticipated recovery, the ability of its customers to pay for its services, and governmental and business reactions to the pandemic, all of which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. in march of 2020, the company implemented several measures in order to increase cash flexibility in light of these economic uncertainties, including temporarily suspending its share repurchase program, applying a heightened threshold to acquisition activity, and delaying some of its non-covid-19 related capital expenditures. in october of 2020, the company reinstituted its share repurchase program. if the pandemic creates further disruptions or turmoil in the credit and financial markets, the company's ability to access capital on favorable terms and continue to meet its liquidity needs in the future could be adversely impacted which may have other adverse impacts on the company's business, results of operations, cash flows, and financial position.
risks related to regulatory and compliance matters changes in payer regulations or policies (or in the interpretation of current regulations or policies), insurance regulations or approvals, or changes in other laws, regulations or policies in the u.s., may adversely affect u.s. governmental and third-party coverage or reimbursement for clinical laboratory testing and may have a material adverse effect upon the company.
u.s. and state government payers, such as medicare and medicaid, as well as insurers, including mcos, have increased their efforts to control the cost, utilization and delivery of healthcare services. from time to time, congress has considered and implemented changes in medicare fee schedules in conjunction with budgetary legislation. the first phase of reductions pursuant to pama came into effect on january 1, 2018, and will continue annually subject to certain phase-in limits through 2025, and without limitations for subsequent periods. further reductions due to changes in policy regarding coverage of tests or other requirements for payment, such as prior authorization, diagnosis code and other claims edits, may be implemented from time to time. reimbursement for pathology services performed by dx is also subject to statutory and regulatory reduction. reductions in the reimbursement rates and changes in payment policies of other third-party payers may occur as well. such changes in the past have resulted in reduced payments as well as added costs and have decreased test utilization for the commercial laboratory industry by adding more complex new regulatory and administrative requirements. further changes in third-party payer regulations, policies, or laboratory benefit or utilization management programs may have a material adverse effect on dx's business. actions by federal and state agencies regulating insurance, including healthcare exchanges, or changes in other laws, regulations, or policies may also have a material adverse effect upon dx's business.
the company could face significant monetary damages and penalties and/or exclusion from government programs if it violates anti-fraud and abuse laws.
the company is subject to extensive government regulation at the federal, state, and local levels in the u.s. and other countries where it operates. the company's failure to meet governmental requirements under these regulations, including those relating to billing practices and financial relationships with physicians, hospitals, and health systems could lead to civil and criminal penalties, exclusion from participation in medicare and medicaid and possible prohibitions or restrictions on the use of its laboratories. while the company believes that it is in material compliance with all statutory and regulatory requirements, there is a risk that government authorities might take a contrary position. this risk includes, but is not limited to, the potential that government enforcement authorities may take a contrary position with respect to the eliminating kickbacks in recovery act, given the lack of associated regulations to clarify or add exceptions. such occurrences, regardless of their outcome, could damage the company's reputation and adversely affect important business relationships.
the company's business could be harmed from the loss or suspension of a license or imposition of a fine or penalties under, or future changes in, or interpretations of, the law or regulations of clia, medicare, medicaid or other national, state or local agencies in the u.s. and other countries where the company operates laboratories.
the commercial laboratory testing industry is subject to extensive u.s. regulation, and many of these statutes and regulations have not been interpreted by the courts. clia extends federal oversight to virtually all clinical laboratories operating in the u.s. by requiring that they be certified by the federal government or by a federally approved accreditation agency. the sanction for failure to comply with clia requirements may be suspension, revocation or limitation of a index laboratory's clia certificate, which is necessary to conduct business, as well as significant fines and/or criminal penalties. in addition, the company is subject to regulation under state law. state laws may require that laboratories and/or laboratory personnel meet certain qualifications, specify certain quality controls or require maintenance of certain records. the company also operates laboratories outside of the u.s. and is subject to laws governing its laboratory operations in the other countries where it operates.
applicable statutes and regulations could be interpreted or applied by a prosecutorial, regulatory or judicial authority in a manner that would adversely affect the company's business. potential sanctions for violation of these statutes and regulations include significant fines and the suspension or loss of various licenses, certificates and authorizations, which could have a material adverse effect on the company's business. in addition, compliance with future legislation could impose additional requirements on the company, which may be costly.
failure to comply with privacy and security laws and regulations could result in fines, penalties and damage to the company's reputation with customers and have a material adverse effect upon the company's business.
if the company does not comply with existing or new laws and regulations related to protecting the privacy and security of personal or health information, it could be subject to monetary fines, civil penalties or criminal sanctions.
in the u.s., the health insurance portability and accountability act of 1996 (hipaa) privacy and security regulations, including the expanded requirements under u.s. health information technology for economic and clinical health act (hitech), establish comprehensive standards with respect to the use and disclosure of protected health information (phi), by covered entities, in addition to setting standards to protect the confidentiality, integrity and security of phi.
hipaa restricts the company's ability to use or disclose phi, without patient authorization, for purposes other than payment, treatment or healthcare operations (as defined by hipaa), except for disclosures for various public policy purposes and other permitted purposes outlined in the privacy regulations. hipaa and hitech provide for significant fines and other penalties for wrongful use or disclosure of phi in violation of the privacy and security regulations, including potential civil and criminal fines and penalties. the regulations establish a complex regulatory framework on a variety of subjects, including:
•the circumstances under which the use and disclosure of phi are permitted or required without a specific authorization by the patient, including, but not limited to, treatment purposes, activities to obtain payments for the company's services, and its healthcare operations activities;
•a patient's rights to access, amend and receive an accounting of certain disclosures of phi;
•the content of notices of privacy practices for phi;
•administrative, technical and physical safeguards required of entities that use or receive phi; and
•the protection of computing systems maintaining electronic phi.
the company has implemented policies and procedures designed to comply with the hipaa privacy and security requirements as applicable. the privacy and security regulations establish a "floor" and do not supersede state laws that are more stringent. therefore, the company is required to comply with both additional federal privacy and security regulations and varying state privacy and security laws. in addition, federal and state laws that protect the privacy and security of patient information may be subject to enforcement and interpretations by various governmental authorities and courts, resulting in complex compliance issues. for example, the company could incur damages under state laws, including pursuant to an action brought by a private party for the wrongful use or disclosure of health information or other personal information.
the company may also be required to comply with the data privacy and security laws of other countries in which it operates or with which it transfers and receives data. for example, the eu's general data protection regulation (gdpr), which took effect may 25, 2018, created a range of compliance obligations for subject companies and imposes penalties for noncompliance of up to the greater of €20 million or 4% of worldwide revenue. the company has established processes and frameworks to manage compliance with the gdpr. potential fines and penalties in the event of a violation of the gdpr could have a material adverse effect on the company's business and operations. in addition, similar data protection regulations addressing access, use, disclosure and transfer of personal data have been enacted or updated in regions where the company does business, including in asia, latin america, and europe. the company expects to make changes to its business practices and to incur additional costs associated with compliance with these evolving and complex regulations.
the company's international operations could subject it to additional risks and expenses that could adversely impact the business or results of operations.
the company's international operations expose it to risks from potential failure to comply with foreign laws and regulations that differ from those under which the company operates in the u.s. in addition, the company may be adversely affected by other risks of expanded operations in foreign countries, including, but not limited to, changes in reimbursement by foreign governments for services provided by the company; compliance with export controls and trade regulations; changes in tax index policies or other foreign laws; compliance with foreign labor and employee relations laws and regulations; restrictions on currency repatriation; judicial systems that less strictly enforce contractual rights; countries that do not have clear or well-established laws and regulations concerning issues relating to commercial laboratory testing or drug development services; countries that provide less protection for intellectual property rights; and procedures and actions affecting approval, production, pricing, reimbursement and marketing of products and services. further, international operations could subject the company to additional expenses that the company may not fully anticipate, including those related to enhanced time and resources necessary to comply with foreign laws and regulations, difficulty in collecting accounts receivable and longer collection periods, and difficulties and costs of staffing and managing foreign operations. in some countries, the company's success will depend in part on its ability to form relationships with local partners. the company's inability to identify appropriate partners or reach mutually satisfactory arrangements could adversely affect the business and operations.
expanded international operations may increase the company's exposure to liabilities under the anti-corruption laws.
anti-corruption laws in the countries where the company conducts business, including the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act (fcpa), u.k. bribery act, and similar laws in other jurisdictions, prohibit companies and their intermediaries from engaging in bribery including improperly offering, promising, paying or authorizing the giving of anything of value to individuals or entities for the purpose of corruptly obtaining or retaining business. the company operates in some parts of the world where corruption may be common and where anti-corruption laws may conflict to some degree with local customs and practices. the company maintains an anti-corruption program including policies, procedures, training and safeguards in the engagement and management of third parties acting on the company's behalf. despite these safeguards, the company cannot guarantee protection from corrupt acts committed by employees or third parties associated with the company. violations or allegations of violations of anti-corruption laws could have a significant adverse effect on the business or results of operations.
failure to comply with the regulations of pharmaceutical and medical device regulatory agencies, such as the fda, the medicines and healthcare products regulatory agency in the united kingdom (u.k.), the european medicines agency, the national medical products administration in china (nmpa), and the pharmaceuticals and medical devices agency in japan, could result in sanctions and/or remedies against dd and have a material adverse effect upon the company.
the operation of dd's preclinical laboratory facilities and clinical trial operations must conform to good laboratory practice (glp) and good clinical practice (gcp), as applicable, as well as all other applicable standards and regulations, as further described in item 1 of part i of this annual report. the business operations of dd's clinical and preclinical laboratories also require the import, export and use of medical devices, in vitro diagnostic devices, reagents, and human and animal biological products. such activities are subject to numerous applicable local and international regulations with which dd must comply. if dd does not comply, dd could potentially be subject to civil, criminal or administrative sanctions and/or remedies, including suspension of its ability to conduct preclinical and clinical studies, and to import or export to or from certain countries, which could have a material adverse effect upon the company.
additionally, certain dd services and activities must conform to current good manufacturing practice (cgmp), as further described in item 1 of part i of this annual report. failure to maintain compliance with glp, gcp, or cgmp regulations and other applicable requirements of various regulatory agencies could result in warning or untitled letters, fines, unanticipated compliance expenditures, suspension of manufacturing, and civil, criminal or administrative sanctions and/or remedies against dd, including suspension of its laboratory operations, which could have a material adverse effect upon the company.
actions of animal rights activists may have an adverse effect on the company.
dd's preclinical services utilize animals in preclinical testing of the safety and efficacy of drugs. such activities are required for the development of new medicines and medical devices under regulatory regimes in the u.s., europe, japan, and other countries. acts of vandalism and other acts by animal rights activists who object to the use of animals in drug development could have an adverse effect on the company.
animal populations may suffer diseases that can damage dd's inventory, harm its reputation, or result in other liability.
it is important that research products be free of diseases, including infectious diseases. the presence of diseases can distort or compromise the quality of research results, cause loss of animals in dd's inventory, result in harm to humans or outside animal populations if the disease is not contained to animals in inventory, or result in other losses. such results could harm dd's reputation or have an adverse effect on dd's financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.
failure to conduct animal research in compliance with animal welfare laws and regulations could result in sanctions and/or remedies against dd and have a material adverse effect upon the company.
the conduct of animal research at dd's facilities must be in compliance with applicable laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which those activities are conducted. these laws and regulations include the u.s. animal welfare act (awa), index which governs the care and use of warm-blooded animals for research in the u.s. other than laboratory rats, mice and chickens, and is enforced through periodic inspections by the u.s. department of agriculture (usda). the awa establishes facility standards regarding several aspects of animal welfare, including housing, ventilation, lighting, feeding and watering, handling, veterinary care, and recordkeeping. similar laws and regulations apply in other jurisdictions in which dd conducts animal research, including the eu and china. dd complies with licensing and registration requirement standards set by these laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which it conducts animal research. if an enforcement agency determines that dd's equipment, facilities, laboratories or processes do not comply with applicable standards, it may issue an inspection report documenting the deficiencies and setting deadlines for any required corrective actions. for noncompliance, the agency may take action against dd that may include fines, suspension and/or revocation of animal research licenses, or confiscation of research animals.
u.s. fda regulation of diagnostic products and increased fda regulation of laboratory-developed tests (ldts) could result in increased costs and the imposition of fines or penalties, and could have a material adverse effect upon the company's business.
the fda has regulatory responsibility for instruments, test kits, reagents and other devices used by clinical laboratories. the fda enforces laws and regulations that govern the development, testing, manufacturing, performance, labeling, advertising, marketing, distribution, and surveillance of diagnostic products, and it regularly inspects and reviews the manufacturing processes and product performance of diagnostic products. dx's point-of-care testing devices are subject to regulation by the fda.
since the 1990s, the fda has asserted that it has authority to regulate ldts as medical devices, but has exercised enforcement discretion to refrain from systematic regulation of ldts. in 2014, the fda issued draft guidance describing how it intended to discontinue its enforcement discretion policy and begin regulating ldts as medical devices; however, that draft guidance has not been finalized, and fda has instead continued its enforcement discretion policy and has indicated that it intends to work with congress to enact comprehensive legislative reform of diagnostics oversight. as such, ldts developed by high complexity clinical laboratories are currently generally offered as services to health care providers under the clia regulatory framework administered cms, without the requirement for fda clearance or approval. there are other regulatory and legislative proposals that would increase general fda oversight of clinical laboratories and ldts. the outcome and ultimate impact of such proposals on the business is difficult to predict at this time. on february 20, 2020, the fda issued a statement with a table of pharmacogenetic associations setting forth certain gene-drug interactions that the agency has determined are supported by the scientific literature to help ensure that claims being made for pharmacogenetic tests are grounded in sound science, thereby reducing the risk of enforcement actions with respect to ldts offering claims consistent with the table. the fda noted that while it is committed to work with congress on new comprehensive diagnostic oversight reform legislation, it could still take enforcement actions under the current medical device framework regarding diagnostic claims the agency determines not to be sufficiently supported. even without issuance of a finalized ldt oversight framework, in light of the april 4, 2019, fda warning letter issued to inova genomics laboratory related to certain ldts that inova offered, as well as the february 2020 pharmacogenetics statement, there may be an increased risk of fda enforcement actions for laboratory tests offered by companies without fda clearance or approval.
current fda regulation of the company's diagnostic products and the potential for future increased regulation of the company's ldts in the future could result in increased costs and administrative and legal actions for noncompliance, including warning letters, fines, penalties, product suspensions, product recalls, injunctions, and other civil and criminal sanctions, which could have a material adverse effect upon the company.
failure to comply with u.s., state, local or international environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, including the u.s. occupational safety and health administration act and the u.s. needlestick safety and prevention act, could result in fines and penalties and loss of licensure, and have a material adverse effect upon the company's business.
as previously discussed in item 1 of part i of this annual report, the company is subject to licensing and regulation under laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment and human health and safety, including laws and regulations relating to the handling, transportation and disposal of medical specimens, infectious and hazardous waste and radioactive materials, as well as regulations relating to the safety and health of laboratory employees. failure to comply with these laws and regulations could subject the company to denial of the right to conduct business, fines, criminal penalties and/or other enforcement actions that would have a material adverse effect on its business. in addition, compliance with future legislation could impose additional requirements on the company that may be costly.
risks related to the company's business general or macro-economic factors in the u.s. and globally may have a material adverse effect upon the company, and a significant deterioration in the economy could negatively impact testing volumes, drug development services, index cash collections and the availability of credit.
the company's operations are dependent upon ongoing demand for diagnostic testing and drug development services by patients, physicians, hospitals, mcos, biopharmaceutical companies and others. a significant downturn in the economy could negatively impact the demand for diagnostic testing and drug development services, as well as the ability of customers to pay for services rendered. in addition, uncertainty in the credit markets could reduce the availability of credit and impact the company's ability to meet its financing needs in the future. for additional risks, see "risk factors - risks related to the covid-19 pandemic" in part i - item 1a.
healthcare reform and changes to related products (e.g., health insurance exchanges), changes in government payment and reimbursement systems, or changes in payer mix, including an increase in capitated reimbursement mechanisms and evolving delivery models, could have a material adverse effect on the company's revenues, profitability and cash flow.
dx's testing services are billed to mcos, medicare, medicaid, physicians and physician groups, hospitals, patients and employer groups. most testing services are billed to a party other than the physician or other authorized person who ordered the test. increases in the percentage of services billed to government and mcos could have an adverse effect on the company's revenues.
the company serves many mcos. these organizations have different contracting philosophies, which are influenced by the design of their products. some mcos contract with a limited number of clinical laboratories and engage in direct negotiation of rates. other mcos adopt broader networks with generally uniform fee structures for participating clinical laboratories. in some cases, those fee structures are specific to independent clinical laboratories, while the fees paid to hospital-based and physician-office laboratories may be different, and are typically higher. mcos may also offer managed medicare or managed medicaid plans. in addition, some mcos use capitation rates to fix the cost of laboratory testing services for their enrollees. under a capitated reimbursement arrangement, the clinical laboratory receives a per-member, per-month payment for an agreed upon menu of laboratory tests provided to mco members during the month, regardless of the number of tests performed.
capitation shifts the risk of increased test utilization (and the underlying mix of testing services) to the commercial laboratory provider. the company makes significant efforts to obtain adequate compensation for its services in its capitated arrangements. for the year ended december 31, 2020, such capitated contracts accounted for approximately $319.0 million, or 3.4%, of dx's revenues.
the company's ability to attract and retain mcos is critical given the impact of healthcare reform, related products and expanded coverage (e.g. health insurance exchanges and medicaid expansion) and evolving value-based care and risk-based reimbursement delivery models (e.g., accountable care organizations (acos) and independent physician associations (ipas)).
a portion of the managed care fee-for-service revenues is collectible from patients in the form of deductibles, coinsurance and copayments. as patient cost-sharing has been increasing, the company's collections may be adversely impacted.
in addition, medicare and medicaid and private insurers have increased their efforts to control the cost, utilization and delivery of healthcare services, including commercial laboratory services. measures to regulate healthcare delivery in general, and clinical laboratories in particular, have resulted in reduced prices, added costs and decreased test utilization for the commercial laboratory industry by increasing complexity and adding new regulatory and administrative requirements. pursuant to legislation passed in late 2003, the percentage of medicare beneficiaries enrolled in managed medicare plans has increased. the percentage of medicaid beneficiaries enrolled in managed medicaid plans has also increased, and is expected to continue to increase; however, changes to, or repeal of, the patient protection and affordable care act (aca) may continue to affect coverage, reimbursement, and utilization of laboratory services, as well as administrative requirements, in ways that are currently unpredictable. further healthcare reform could adversely affect laboratory reimbursement from medicare, medicaid or commercial carriers.
the company has also experienced delays in the pricing and implementation of coding and billing changes among various payers, including medicaid, medicare and commercial carriers. while some delays were expected, payer policy changes in coverage have had a negative impact on revenue, revenue per requisition, and margins and cash flows. in 2020, limited coding and billing changes were implemented beyond those specifically related to covid-19 testing. while limited changes are expected to be implemented in 2021, the company typically expects some delays in pricing and reimbursement as new codes are introduced.
in addition, some mcos are implementing, directly or through third parties, various types of laboratory benefit management programs that may include lab networks, utilization management tools (such as prior authorization and/or prior notification), and claims edits, which may impact coverage or reimbursement for commercial laboratory tests. some of these programs index address commercial laboratory testing broadly, while others are focused on certain types of testing such as molecular, genetic and toxicology testing.
the company expects the efforts to impose reduced reimbursement, more stringent payment policies, and utilization and cost controls by government and other payers to continue. if dx cannot offset additional reductions in the payments it receives for its services by reducing costs, increasing test volume, and/or introducing new services and procedures, it could have a material adverse effect on the company's revenues, profitability and cash flows. in 2014, congress passed pama, requiring medicare to change the way payment rates are calculated for tests paid under the clfs, and to base the payment on the weighted median of rates paid by private payers. on june 23, 2016, cms issued a final rule to implement pama that required applicable laboratories, including dx, to begin reporting their test-specific private payer payment amounts to cms during the first quarter of 2017. cms exercised enforcement discretion to permit reporting for an additional 60 days, through may 30, 2017. cms used that private market data to calculate weighted median prices for each test (based on applicable current procedural technology (cpt) codes) to represent the new clfs rates beginning in 2018, subject to certain phase-in limits, which were revised by congress in 2019 and 2020. for 2018-2020, a test price could not be reduced by more than 10% per year.as a result of provisions included within the cares act, pama rate reductions for 2021 have been suspended, and therefore the company will not experience any incremental reimbursement rate impact due to pama in 2021. for 2022-2024, a test price cannot be reduced by more than 15.0% per year. the process of data reporting and repricing will be repeated every three years for clinical diagnostic laboratory tests (cdlts) beginning in 2022. under current law as revised in the cares act, the next data reporting period for cdlts (based on data collected in 2019) will occur during the first quarter of 2022, and new clfs rates for cdlts will be established based on that data beginning in 2023, subject to the previously described phase-in limits. the subsequent data reporting period for cdlts (based on data collected in 2023) will occur during the first quarter of 2025, and new clfs rates for cdlts will be established based on that data beginning in 2026. clfs rates for 2025 and subsequent periods will not be subject to phase-in limits. clfs rates for advanced diagnostic laboratory tests (adlts) will be updated annually.
cms published its initial proposed clfs rates under pama for 2018-2020 on september 22, 2017. following a public comment period, cms made adjustments and published final clfs rates for 2018-2020 on november 17, 2017, with additional adjustments published on december 1, 2017. for 2020, the company realized a net reduction in reimbursement of approximately $72.01 million from all payers affected by the clfs (approximately $107.0 million in 2019). unless implementation of pama is further delayed or changed, an additional reduction of approximately $100.0 million is expected for 2021, from all payers affected by the clfs.
healthcare reform legislation also contains numerous regulations that will require the company, as an employer, to implement significant process and record-keeping changes to be in compliance. these changes increase the cost of providing healthcare coverage to employees and their families. given the limited release of regulations to guide compliance, as well as potential changes to the aca, the exact impact to employers, including the company, is uncertain.
changes in government regulation or in practices relating to the biopharmaceutical industry could decrease the need for certain services that dd provides.
dd assists biopharmaceutical companies in navigating the regulatory drug approval process. changes in regulations such as a relaxation in regulatory requirements or the introduction of simplified drug approval procedures, or an increase in regulatory requirements that dd has difficulty satisfying or that make its services less competitive, could eliminate or substantially reduce the demand for its services. also, if government efforts to contain drug costs impact biopharmaceutical company profits from new drugs, or if health insurers were to change their practices with respect to reimbursement for biopharmaceutical products, some of dd's customers may spend less, or reduce their growth in spending on r&d.
on december 13, 2016, the 21st century cures act was signed into law. this act provides funding designed to increase government spending on certain drug development initiatives; contains several provisions designed to help make the drug development process more streamlined and efficient; and allows the fda to increase staffing to support drug development, review and regulation. these provisions should be helpful to biopharmaceutical companies and cros, including dd, to the extent that they capitalize on the use of data, adaptive trial designs, real-world evidence, biomarkers and other development tools that are accepted by the fda.
in addition, implementation of healthcare reform legislation that adds costs could limit the profits that can be made from the development of new drugs. this could adversely affect r&d expenditures by biopharmaceutical companies, which could in turn decrease the business opportunities available to dd both in the u.s. and other countries. new laws or regulations may create a risk of liability, increase dd costs or limit service offerings through dd.
increased competition, including price competition, could have a material adverse effect on the company's revenues and profitability.
index as further described in item 1 of part i of this annual report, both dx and dd operate in highly competitive industries. the commercial laboratory business is intensely competitive both in terms of price and service. pricing of laboratory testing services is often one of the most significant factors used by physicians, third-party payers and consumers in selecting a laboratory. as a result of significant consolidation in the commercial laboratory industry, larger commercial laboratory providers are able to increase cost efficiencies afforded by large-scale automated testing. this consolidation results in greater price competition. dx may be unable to increase cost efficiencies sufficiently, if at all, and as a result, its net earnings and cash flows could be negatively impacted by such price competition. the company may also face increased competition from companies that do not comply with existing laws or regulations or otherwise disregard compliance standards in the industry. additionally, the company may also face changes in fee schedules, competitive bidding for laboratory services, or other actions or pressures reducing payment schedules as a result of increased or additional competition.
competitors in the cro industry range from hundreds of smaller cros to a limited number of large cros with global capabilities. dd's main competition consists of these small and large cros, as well as in-house departments of biopharmaceutical companies and, to a lesser extent, select universities and teaching hospitals. dd's services have from time to time experienced periods of increased price competition that had an adverse effect on a segment's profitability and consolidated revenues and net income. there is competition among cros for both customers and potential acquisition candidates. additionally, few barriers to entering the cro industry further increases possible new competition.
these competitive pressures may affect the attractiveness or profitability of dx's and dd's services, and could adversely affect the financial results of the company.
failure to obtain and retain new customers, the loss of existing customers or material contracts, or a reduction in services or tests ordered or specimens submitted by existing customers, or the inability to retain existing and/or create new relationships with health systems could impact the company's ability to successfully grow its business.
to maintain and grow its business, the company needs to obtain and retain new customers and business partners. in addition, a reduction in tests ordered or specimens submitted by existing customers, a decrease in demand for the company's services from existing customers, or the loss of existing contracts, without offsetting growth in its customer base, could impact the company's ability to successfully grow its business and could have a material adverse effect on the company's revenues and profitability. the company competes primarily on the basis of the quality of services, reporting and information systems, reputation in the medical community and the drug development industry, the pricing of services and ability to employ qualified personnel. the company's failure to successfully compete on any of these factors could result in the loss of existing customers, an inability to gain new customers and a reduction in the company's business.
discontinuation or recalls of existing testing products; failure to develop or acquire licenses for new or improved testing technologies; or the company's customers using new technologies to perform their own tests could adversely affect the company's business.
from time to time, manufacturers discontinue or recall reagents, test kits or instruments used by the company to perform laboratory testing. such discontinuations or recalls could adversely affect the company's costs, testing volume and revenue.
the commercial laboratory industry is subject to changing technology and new product introductions. the company's success in maintaining a leadership position in genomic and other advanced testing technologies will depend, in part, on its ability to develop, acquire or license new and improved technologies on favorable terms and to obtain appropriate coverage and reimbursement for these technologies. the company may not be able to negotiate acceptable licensing arrangements, and it cannot be certain that such arrangements will yield commercially successful diagnostic tests. if the company is unable to license these testing methods at competitive rates, its research and development (r&d) costs may increase as a result. in addition, if the company is unable to license new or improved technologies to expand its esoteric testing operations, its testing methods may become outdated when compared with the company's competition, and testing volume and revenue may be materially and adversely affected.
in addition, advances in technology may lead to the development of more cost-effective technologies such as point-of-care testing equipment that can be operated by physicians or other healthcare providers (including physician assistants, nurse practitioners and certified nurse midwives, generally referred to herein as physicians) in their offices or by patients themselves without requiring the services of freestanding clinical laboratories. development of such technology and its use by the company's customers could reduce the demand for its laboratory testing services and the utilization of certain tests offered by the company and negatively impact its revenues.
currently, most commercial laboratory testing is categorized as high or moderate complexity, and thereby is subject to extensive and costly regulation under clia. the cost of compliance with clia makes it impractical for most physicians to operate clinical laboratories in their offices, and other laws limit the ability of physicians to have ownership in a laboratory and to refer tests to such a laboratory. manufacturers of laboratory equipment and test kits could seek to increase their sales by index marketing point-of-care of laboratory equipment to physicians and by selling test kits approved for home or physician office use to both physicians and patients. diagnostic tests approved for home use are automatically deemed to be "waived" tests under clia and may be performed in physician office laboratories as well as by patients in their homes with minimal regulatory oversight. other tests meeting certain fda criteria also may be classified as "waived" for clia purposes. the fda has regulatory responsibility over instruments, test kits, reagents and other devices used by clinical laboratories, and it has taken responsibility from the u.s. centers for disease control and prevention for classifying the complexity of tests for clia purposes. increased approval of "waived" test kits could lead to increased testing by physicians in their offices or by patients at home, which could affect the company's market for laboratory testing services and negatively impact its revenues.
operations may be disrupted and adversely impacted by the effects of adverse weather, other natural disasters, geopolitical events, public health crises, and other events outside of the company's control.
natural disasters, such as adverse weather, fires, earthquakes, power shortages and outages, geopolitical events, such as terrorism, war, political instability, or other conflict, criminal activities, public health crises, such as coronavirus (covid-19) and disease epidemics and pandemics, and other disruptions or events outside of the company's control could negatively affect the company's operations. any of these events may result in a temporary decline of volumes in both segments. in addition, such events may temporarily interrupt the company's ability to transport specimens, the company's ability to efficiently commence studies, the company's ability to utilize information technology systems, the company's ability to utilize certain laboratories, and/or the company's ability to receive material from its suppliers. such events can also affect customer operations and thereby impact testing volume. long-term disruptions in the infrastructure and operations caused by such events (particularly involving locations in which the company has operations), could harm the company's operating results. for additional risks, see "risk factors - risks related to the covid-19 pandemic" in part i - item 1a.
changes or disruption in services or supplies provided by third parties, including transportation, could adversely affect the company's business.
the company depends on third parties to provide services critical to the company's business. although the company has a significant proprietary network of ground and air transport capabilities, certain of the company's businesses are heavily reliant on third-party ground and air travel for transport of clinical trial and diagnostic testing supplies and specimens, research products, and people. a significant disruption to these travel systems, or the company's access to them, could have a material adverse effect on the company's business. the company is also reliant on an extensive network of third-party suppliers and vendors of certain services and products, including for certain animal populations. disruptions to the continued supply of these services, products, or animal populations may arise from export/import restrictions or embargoes, political or economic instability, pressure from animal rights activists, adverse weather, natural disasters, public health crises, transportation disruptions, cyber attacks, or other causes, as well as from termination of relationships with suppliers or vendors for their failure to follow the company's performance standards and requirements. disruption of supply could have a material adverse effect on the company's business.
a failure to identify and successfully close and integrate strategic acquisition targets could have a material adverse effect on the company's business objectives and its revenues and profitability.
part of the company's strategy involves deploying capital in investments that enhance the company's business, which includes pursuing strategic acquisitions to strengthen the company's scientific capabilities and enhance therapeutic expertise, enhance esoteric testing and global drug development capabilities, and increase presence in key geographic areas. since 2015, the company has invested net cash of approximately $7.2 billion and equity of $1.8 billion in strategic business acquisitions. however, the company cannot assure that it will be able to identify acquisition targets that are attractive to the company or that are of a large enough size to have a meaningful impact on the company's operating results. furthermore, the successful closing and integration of a strategic acquisition entails numerous risks, including, among others:
•failure to obtain regulatory clearance, including due to antitrust concerns;
•loss of key customers or employees;
•difficulty in consolidating redundant facilities and infrastructure and in standardizing information and other systems;
•unidentified regulatory problems;
•failure to maintain the quality of services that such companies have historically provided;
•unanticipated costs and other liabilities;
•potential liabilities related to litigation including the acquired companies;
•potential periodic impairment of goodwill and intangible assets acquired;
•coordination of geographically separated facilities and workforces; and
•the potential disruption of the ongoing business and diversion of management's resources.
the company cannot assure that current or future acquisitions, if any, or any related integration efforts will be successful, or index that the company's business will not be adversely affected by any future acquisitions, including with respect to revenues and profitability. even if the company is able to successfully integrate the operations of businesses that it may acquire in the future, the company may not be able to realize the benefits that it expects from such acquisitions.
continued and increased consolidation of mcos, biopharmaceutical companies, health systems, physicians and other customers could adversely affect the company's business.
many healthcare companies and providers, including mcos, biopharmaceutical companies, health systems and physician practices are consolidating through mergers, acquisitions, joint ventures and other types of transactions and collaborations. in addition to these more traditional horizontal mergers that involve entities that previously competed against each other, the healthcare industry is experiencing an increase in vertical mergers, which involve entities that previously did not offer competing goods or services. as the healthcare industry consolidates, competition to provide goods and services may become more intense, and vertical mergers may give those combined companies greater control over more aspects of healthcare, including increased bargaining power. this competition and increased customer bargaining power may adversely affect the price and volume of the company's services.
in addition, as the broader healthcare industry trend of consolidation continues, including the acquisition of physician practices by health systems, relationships with hospital-based health systems and integrated delivery networks are becoming more important. dx has a well-established base of relationships with those systems and networks, including collaborative agreements. dx's inability to retain its existing relationships with those physicians as they become part of healthcare systems and networks and/or to create new relationships could impact its ability to successfully grow its business.
unproductive labor environments, union strikes, work stoppages, works council negotiations, or failure to comply with labor or employment laws could adversely affect the company's operations and have a material adverse effect upon the company's business.
the company is a party to a limited number of collective bargaining agreements with various labor unions and is subject to unionization activity, employment and labor laws and unionization activity in the u.s. similar employment and labor obligations exist across other countries in which it conducts business, including appropriate engagement with works councils in europe. disputes with regard to the terms of labor agreements or obligations for consultation, potential inability to negotiate acceptable contracts with these unions, unionization activity, or a failure to comply with labor or employment laws could result in, among other things, labor unrest, strikes, work stoppages, slowdowns by the affected workers, fines and penalties. if any of these events were to occur, or other employees were to become unionized, the company could experience a significant disruption of its operations or higher ongoing labor costs, either of which could have a material adverse effect upon the company's business. additionally, future labor agreements, or renegotiation of labor agreements or provisions of labor agreements, or changes in labor or employment laws, could compromise its service reliability and significantly increase its costs, which could have a material adverse effect upon the company's business. also, the company may incur substantial additional costs and become subject to litigation and enforcement actions if the company fails to comply with legal requirements affecting its workforce and labor practices, including laws and regulations related to wage and hour practices, office of federal contract compliance programs (ofccp) compliance, and unlawful workplace harassment and discrimination.
an inability to attract and retain experienced and qualified personnel, including key management personnel, could adversely affect the company's business.
the loss of key management personnel or the inability to attract and retain experienced and qualified employees at the company's clinical laboratories, drug development, and diagnostic facilities could adversely affect the business. the success of the company is dependent in part on the efforts of key members of its management team. success in maintaining the company's leadership position in genomic and other advanced testing and diagnostic technologies will depend in part on the company's ability to attract and retain skilled research professionals. in addition, the success of the company's early discovery, clinical and commercial laboratories also depend on employing and retaining qualified and experienced professionals, including specialists, who perform laboratory research activities and testing services. the same is true for patient-facing staff with specialized training required to perform activities related to specimen collection or clinical research activities. in the future, if competition for the services of these professionals increases, the company may not be able to continue to attract and retain individuals in its markets. changes in key management, or the ability to attract and retain qualified personnel, could lead to strategic and operational challenges and uncertainties, distractions of management from other key initiatives, and inefficiencies and increased costs, any of which could adversely affect the company's business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.
global economic conditions and government and regulatory changes, including, but not limited to, the u.k.'s exit from the european union (eu) could adversely impact the company's business and results of operations.
index the company could be adversely impacted due to the consequences of changes in the economy, governments or regulations across the globe. on january 31, 2020 the u.k. withdrew from its membership of the eu (often referred to as brexit). the eu and the u.k. reached an agreement in december 2020.
this type of development or other government or regulatory change could depress economic activity, which could adversely impact the company's business, financial condition and results of operations. this could include long-term volatility in the currency markets and long-term detrimental effects on the value of affected currencies.
damage or disruption to the company's facilities could adversely affect the company's business.
many of the company's facilities could be difficult to replace in a short period of time. any event that causes a disruption of the operation of these facilities might impact the company's ability to provide services to customers and, therefore, could have a material adverse effect on the company's financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.
risks related to financial matters the company bears financial risk for contracts that, including for reasons beyond the company's control, may be underpriced, subject to cost overruns, delayed, or terminated or reduced in scope.
the company has many contracts that are structured as fixed-price for fixed-contracted services or fee-for-service with a cap. the company bears the financial risk if these contracts are underpriced or if contract costs exceed estimates. such underpricing or significant cost overruns could have an adverse effect on the company's business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
many of dd's contracts, in particular, provide for services on a fixed-price or fee-for-service with a cap basis and they may be terminated or reduced in scope either immediately or upon notice. cancellations may occur for a variety of reasons, including:
•failure of products to satisfy safety requirements;
•unexpected or undesired results of the products;
•insufficient clinical trial subject enrollment;
•insufficient investigator recruitment;
•a customer's decision to terminate the development of a product or to end a particular study; and
•dd's failure to perform its duties properly under the contract.
although its contracts often entitle it to receive the costs of winding down the terminated projects, as well as all fees earned up to the time of termination, the loss, reduction in scope or delay of a large contract or the loss, delay or conclusion of multiple contracts could materially adversely affect dd.
a significant increase in dx's or dd's days sales outstanding could have an adverse effect on the company's business, including its cash flow, by increasing its bad debt or decreasing its cash flow.
billing for laboratory services is a complex process. laboratories bill many different payers, including doctors, patients, hundreds of insurance companies, medicare, medicaid and employer groups, all of which have different billing requirements. in addition to billing complexities, dx has experienced an increase in patient responsibility as a result of managed care fee-for-service plans that continue to increase patient deductibles, coinsurance and copayments, or implement restrictive coverage or administrative policies that can further increase patient costs. dx expects this trend to continue. a material increase in dx's days sales outstanding level could have an adverse effect on the company's business, including potentially increasing its bad debt rate and decreasing its cash flows. although dd does not face the same level of complexity in its billing processes, it could also experience delays in billing or collection, and a material increase in dd's days sales outstanding could have an adverse effect on the company's business, including potentially decreasing its cash flows.
dd's revenues depend on the biopharmaceutical industry.
dd's revenues depend greatly on the expenditures made by the biopharmaceutical industry in r&d. in some instances, biopharmaceutical companies are reliant on their ability to raise capital in order to fund their r&d projects. biopharmaceutical companies are also reliant on reimbursement for their products from government programs and commercial payers. accordingly, economic factors and industry trends affecting dd's customers in these industries may also affect dd. if these companies were to reduce the number of r&d projects they conduct or outsource, whether through the inability to raise capital, reductions in reimbursement from governmental programs or commercial payers, industry trends, economic conditions or otherwise, dd could be materially adversely affected.
foreign currency exchange fluctuations could have an adverse effect on the company's business.
index the company has business and operations outside the u.s., and dd derives a significant portion of its revenues from international operations. since the company's consolidated financial statements are denominated in u.s. dollars, fluctuations in exchange rates from period to period will have an impact on reported results. in addition, dd may incur costs in one currency related to its services or products for which it is paid in a different currency. as a result, factors associated with international operations, including changes in foreign currency exchange rates, could significantly affect dd's results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
the company's uses of financial instruments to limit its exposure to interest rate and currency fluctuations could expose it to risks and financial losses that may adversely affect the company's financial condition, liquidity and results of operations.
to reduce the company's exposure to interest rate fluctuations and currency exchange fluctuations, it has entered into, and in the future may enter into for these or other purposes, financial swaps, or hedging arrangements, with various financial counterparties. in addition to any risks related to the counterparties, there can be no assurances that the company's hedging activity will be effective in insulating it from the risks associated with the underlying transactions, that the company would not have been better off without entering into these hedges, or that the company will not have to pay additional amounts upon settlement.
the company's level of indebtedness could adversely affect the company's liquidity, results of operations and business.
at december 31, 2020, indebtedness on the company's outstanding senior notes totaled approximately $5,450.0 million in aggregate principal. the company is also a party to credit agreements relating to a $1.0 billion revolving credit facility and a 2019 term loan with a balance of $375.0 million as of december 31, 2020. under the term loan facility and the revolving credit facility, the company is subject to negative covenants limiting subsidiary indebtedness and certain other covenants typical for investment-grade-rated borrowers, and the company is required to maintain a leverage ratio within certain limits.
the company's level of indebtedness could adversely affect its business. in particular, it could increase the company's vulnerability to sustained, adverse macroeconomic weakness, limit its ability to obtain further financing, and limit its ability to pursue certain operational and strategic opportunities, including large acquisitions.
the company may also enter into additional transactions or credit facilities, including other long-term debt, which may increase its indebtedness and result in additional restrictions upon the business. in addition, major debt rating agencies regularly evaluate the company's debt based on a number of factors. there can be no assurance that the company will be able to maintain its existing debt ratings, and failure to do so could adversely affect the company's cost of funds, liquidity and access to capital markets.
the company's quarterly operating results may vary.
the company's operating results, may vary significantly from quarter to quarter and are influenced by factors over which the company has little control, such as:
•changes in the general global economy;
•exchange rate fluctuations;
•the commencement, completion, delay or cancellation of large projects or contracts or groups of projects;
•the progress of ongoing projects;
•weather;
•the timing of and charges associated with completed acquisitions or other events; and
•changes in the utilization mix of the company's services.
the company believes that operating results for any particular quarter are not necessarily a meaningful indication of future results. while fluctuations in the company's quarterly operating results could negatively or positively affect the market price of the company's common stock, these fluctuations may not be related to the company's future overall operating performance.
risks related to technology and cybersecurity failure to maintain the security of customer-related information or compliance with security requirements could damage the company's reputation with customers, cause it to incur substantial additional costs and become subject to litigation and enforcement actions.
the company receives and stores certain personal and financial information about its customers. in addition, the company depends upon the secure transmission of confidential information over public networks, including information permitting cashless payments. the company also works with third-party service providers and vendors that provide technology systems and services that are used in connection with the receipt, storage, and transmission of customer personal and financial index information. a compromise in the company's security systems, or those of the company's third party service providers and vendors, that results in customer personal information being obtained by unauthorized persons or the company's or third party's failure to comply with security requirements for financial transactions could adversely affect the company's reputation with its customers and others, as well as the company's results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. it could also result in litigation against the company and the imposition of fines and penalties. for example, in connection with the amca incident the company has incurred, and expects to continue to incur, costs, and the company is involved in pending and threatened litigation, as well as various government and regulatory inquiries and processes. for additional information about the amca incident, see note 16 commitments and contingencies to the consolidated financial statements.
failure in the company's information technology systems or delays or failures in the development and implementation of updates or enhancements to those systems could significantly increase testing turnaround time or delay billing processes and otherwise disrupt the company's operations or customer relationships.
the company's operations and customer relationships depend, in part, on the continued performance of its information technology systems. despite network security measures and other precautions the company has taken, its information technology systems are potentially vulnerable to physical or electronic break-ins, computer viruses and similar disruptions. in addition, the company is in the process of integrating the information technology systems of its recently acquired subsidiaries, and the company may experience system failures or interruptions as a result of this process. sustained system failures or interruption of the company's systems in one or more of its operations could disrupt the company's ability to process laboratory requisitions, perform testing, provide test results or drug development data in a timely manner and/or bill the appropriate party. failure of the company's information technology systems could adversely affect the company's business, profitability and financial condition.
hardware and software failures, delays in the operation of computer and communications systems, the failure to implement new systems or system enhancements to existing systems, and cybersecurity breaches may harm the company.
the company's success depends on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of its computer and communications systems. a failure of the network or data-gathering procedures could impede the processing of data, delivery of databases and services, customer orders and day-to-day management of the business and could result in the corruption or loss of data. while certain operations have appropriate disaster recovery plans in place, there currently are not redundant facilities everywhere in the world to provide information technology capacity in the event of a system failure. despite any precautions the company may take, damage from fire, floods, hurricanes, power loss, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, break-ins, cybersecurity breaches and similar events at the company's various computer facilities could result in interruptions in the flow of data to the servers and from the servers to customers. in addition, any failure by the computer environment to provide required data communications capacity could result in interruptions in service. in the event of a delay in the delivery of data, the company could be required to transfer data collection operations to an alternative provider of server-hosting services. such a transfer could result in delays in the ability to deliver products and services to customers. additionally, significant delays in the planned delivery of system enhancements, or improvements and inadequate performance of the systems once they are completed could damage the company's reputation and harm the business.
security breaches and unauthorized access to the company's or its customers' data could harm the company's reputation and adversely affect its business.
the company has experienced and expects to continue to experience attempts by computer programmers and hackers to attack and penetrate the company's layered security controls, like the 2018 ransomware attack. the company has also experienced and expects to continue to experience similar attempts to attack and penetrate the systems of third-party suppliers and vendors to whom the company has provided data, like the 2019 data breach of retrieval-masters credit bureau, inc. d/b/a/ american medical collections agency (amca). these attempts, if successful, could result in the misappropriation or compromise of personal information or proprietary or confidential information stored within the company's systems or within the systems of third-parties, create system disruptions or cause shutdowns. external actors are developing and deploying viruses, worms and other malicious software programs that attack the company's systems, the systems of third-parties, or otherwise exploit any security vulnerabilities. outside parties may also attempt to fraudulently induce employees to take actions, including the release of confidential or sensitive information or to make fraudulent payments through illegal electronic spamming, phishing, spear phishing, or other tactics. the company has robust information security procedures and other safeguards in place, including evaluating the cybersecurity status of third-party suppliers and vendors that will have access to the company's data or information technology systems, which are monitored and routinely tested internally and by external parties. however, because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently and often are not recognized until launched against a target, the company may be unable to anticipate all of these techniques or to implement adequate preventive measures. in addition, as cyber threats continue to evolve, the company may be required to expend additional resources to continue to enhance the company's information security measures or to index investigate and remediate any information security vulnerabilities. the company's remediation efforts may not be successful and could result in interruptions, delays or cessation of service. this could also impact the cost and availability of cyber insurance to the company. breaches of the company's or third-parties' security measures and the unauthorized dissemination of personal, proprietary or confidential information about the company or its customers or other third-parties could expose customers' private information. such breaches could expose customers to the risk of financial or medical identity theft or expose the company or other third-parties to a risk of loss or misuse of this information, result in litigation and potential liability for the company, damage the company's brand and reputation or otherwise harm the company's business. any of these disruptions or breaches of security could have a material adverse effect on the company's business, regulatory compliance, financial condition and results of operations.
the company depends on third parties to provide services critical to the company's business, and depends on them to comply with applicable laws and regulations. additionally, any breaches of the information technology systems of third parties could have a material adverse effect on the company's operations.
the company depends on third parties to provide services critical to the company's business, including supplies, ground and air transport of clinical and diagnostic testing supplies and specimens, research products, and people, among other services. third parties that provide services to the company are subject to similar risks related to security of customer-related information and compliance with u.s., state, local, or international environmental, health and safety, and privacy and security laws and regulations as the company. any failure by third parties to comply with applicable laws, or any failure of third parties to provide services more generally, could have a material impact on the company, whether because of the loss of the ability to receive services from the third parties, legal liability of the company for the actions or inactions of third parties, or otherwise.
in addition, third parties to whom the company outsources certain services or functions may process personal data, or other confidential information of the company. a breach or cyber attack affecting these third parties, like the amca incident, could also harm the company's business, results of operations and reputation.
risks related to legal matters adverse results in material litigation matters could have a material adverse effect upon the company's business.
the company may become subject in the ordinary course of business to material legal actions related to, among other things, intellectual property disputes, contract disputes, data and privacy issues, professional liability and employee-related matters. the company may also receive inquiries and requests for information from governmental agencies and bodies, including medicare or medicaid payers, requesting comment and/or information on allegations of billing irregularities, billing and pricing arrangements, or privacy practices that are brought to its attention through audits or third parties. legal actions could result in substantial monetary damages as well as damage to the company's reputation with customers, which could have a material adverse effect upon its business.
the failure to successfully obtain, maintain and enforce intellectual property rights and defend against challenges to the company's intellectual property rights could adversely affect the company.
many of the company's services, products and processes rely on intellectual property, including patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade secrets. in some cases, that intellectual property is owned by another party and licensed to the company, sometimes exclusively. the value of the company's intellectual property relies in part on the company's ability to maintain its proprietary rights to such intellectual property. if the company is unable to obtain or maintain the proprietary rights to its intellectual property, if it is unable to prevent attempted infringement against its intellectual property, or if it is unable to defend against claims that it is infringing on another party's intellectual property, the company could be adversely affected. these adverse effects could include the company having to abandon, alter and/or delay the deployment of products, services or processes that rely on such intellectual property; having to procure and pay for licenses from the holders of intellectual property rights that the company seeks to use; and having to pay damages, fines, court costs and attorney's fees in connection with intellectual property litigation.
changes in tax laws and regulations or the interpretation of such may have a significant impact on the financial position, results of operations and cash flows of the company.
u.s. and foreign governments continue to review, reform and modify tax laws, including with respect to the organisation for economic co-operation and development's base erosion and profit shifting initiative. changes in tax laws and regulations could result in material changes to the domestic and foreign taxes that the company is required to provide for and pay.
in addition, the company is subject to regular audits with respect to its various tax returns and processes in the jurisdictions in which it operates. errors or omissions in tax returns, process failures or differences in interpretation of tax laws by tax authorities and the company may lead to litigation, payments of additional taxes, penalties and interest.
index contract research services in the drug development industry create liability risks.
in contracting to work on drug development trials and studies, dd faces a range of potential liabilities, including:
•errors or omissions that create harm to clinical trial subjects during a trial or to consumers of a drug after the trial is completed and regulatory approval of the drug has been granted;
•general risks associated with clinical pharmacology facilities, including negative consequences from the administration of drugs to clinical trial participants or the professional malpractice of clinical pharmacology physicians;
•risks that animals in dd's facilities may be infected with diseases that may be harmful and even lethal to themselves and humans despite preventive measures contained in dd's business policies, including those for the quarantine and handling of imported animals; and
•errors and omissions during a trial or study that may undermine the usefulness of a trial or study, or data from the trial or study or that may delay the entry of a drug to the market.
dd contracts with physicians, also referred to as investigators, to conduct the clinical trials to test new drugs on clinical trial subjects. these tests can create a risk of liability for personal injury or death to clinical trial subjects resulting from negative reactions to the drugs administered or from professional malpractice by third party investigators.
while dd endeavors to include in its contracts provisions entitling it to be indemnified and entitling it to a limitation of liability, these provisions are not always successfully obtained and, even if obtained, do not uniformly protect dd against liability arising from certain of its own actions. dd could be materially and adversely affected if it were required to pay damages or bear the costs of defending any claim that is not covered by a contractual indemnification provision, or in the event that a party which must indemnify it does not fulfill its indemnification obligations, or in the event that dd is not successful in limiting its liability or in the event that the damages and costs exceed dd's insurance coverage. dd may also be required to agree to contract provisions with clinical trial sites or its customers related to the conduct of clinical trials, and dd could be materially and adversely affected if it were required to indemnify a site or customer against claims pursuant to such contract terms. there can be no assurance that dd will be able to maintain sufficient insurance coverage on acceptable terms.
item 7.       management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (in millions)
general during the year ended december 31, 2020, the company's revenues grew by 21.0%, due to organic growth of 19.0%, acquisitions of 1.8% and favorable foreign currency translation of 0.4%, partially offset by the disposition of a business of 0.2%. the 19.0% increase in organic revenues includes the 24.1% contribution from pcr and antibody covid-19 testing (covid-19 testing), partially offset by the 5.1% reduction in the company's organic base business due to the pandemic. base business includes the company's business operations except for covid-19 testing. the decline in the organic base business includes the negative impact of the u.s. protecting access to medicare act of 2014 (pama) of 0.6%.
the company defines organic growth as the increase in revenue excluding revenue from acquisitions for the first twelve months after the close of each acquisition.
in march 2020, covid-19 was declared a pandemic. covid-19 has had and continues to have an extensive impact on the global health and economic environments. given the continued unpredictability of the covid-19 pandemic and the corresponding government restrictions and customer behavior, there are a wide-range of feasible financial results for 2021. throughout 2020, the company's covid-19 testing has helped to offset the pressure experienced in the base business. to date, the company has performed more than 18 million pcr and 3.0 million antibody covid-19 tests and as of february 25, 2021, has the capacity to perform 275,000 pcr and 300,000 antibody tests per day, subject to the availability of equipment and testing supplies and key personnel.
during 2020, the company recorded goodwill and other asset impairment charges of $462.1, $450.5 within dd and $11.6 within dx, as a result of the covid-19 pandemic. the company concluded that the fair value was less than carrying value for two of its reporting units and recorded goodwill impairment of $418.7 and $3.7 for dd and dx, respectively. additional impairment of identifiable intangible and tangible assets of $31.5 and $7.9 was recorded for dd and dx, respectively, for impairment of a tradename, software, customer relationships, technology assets, and a note receivable.
there remains significant uncertainty regarding the duration and severity of the pandemic and its impact on the company's business, results of operations and financial position for 2021. for more information regarding the risks associated with covid-19 and its impact on the company's business, see risk factors in part i - item 1a. the company expects phase ii of dx's launchpad initiative to deliver approximately $200.0 in net savings by the end of 2021, while incurring approximately $40.0 in one-time implementation costs. approximately one-third of the total savings are expected to be realized in 2021, and one-third of the total savings have been realized in each of 2019 and 2020.
pama, which went into effect on january 1, 2018, resulted in a net reduction of revenue of approximately $72.0 and $107.0 in 2020 and 2019, respectively from all payers affected by the clinical lab fee schedule.
index results of operations the following tables present the financial measures that management considers to be the most significant indicators of the company's performance. for discussion of 2019 results and comparison with 2018 results refer to "management's discussion and analysis of financial conditions and results of operations" in the company's annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2019.
years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019
revenues years ended december 31,
2020                                                2019                                                   change dx                                  $9,253.4                          $7,000.1                          32.2    %
dd                                   4,877.7                           4,578.1                           6.5    %
intercompany eliminations            (152.6)                            (23.4)                         552.1    %
total                              $13,978.5                         $11,554.8                          21.0    %
the 21.0% increase in revenues for the year ended december 31, 2020, as compared with the corresponding period in 2019 was primarily due to organic growth of 19.0%, acquisitions of 1.8% and favorable foreign currency translation of 0.4%, partially offset by the disposition of a business of 0.2%. the 19.0% increase in organic revenues includes the 24.1% contribution from covid-19 testing, partially offset by the 5.1% reduction in the company's organic base business, which the company believes was due to the pandemic. the decline in the organic base business includes the negative impact of pama of 0.6%.
dx revenues for the year ended december 31, 2020, were $9,253.4, an increase of 32.2% over revenues of $7,000.1 in the corresponding period in 2019. the increase in revenues was due to organic growth of 30.9% and acquisitions of 1.3%. the 30.9% increase in organic revenue was due to a 39.8% contribution from covid-19 testing, partially offset by an 8.9% decline of the organic base business which includes a 1.0% negative impact from pama.
total volume, measured by requisitions, increased by 7.8% as organic volume increased by 6.5% and acquisition volume contributed growth of 1.3%. the organic volume growth is due to demand for covid-19 testing of 21.2%, partially offset by a 14.7% reduction of organic base business. price/mix increased by 24.4% due to covid-19 testing of 18.6% and base business of 5.8%. the base business price includes the negative impact from pama of 1.0%.
dd revenues for the year ended december 31, 2020, were $4,877.7, an increase of 6.5% over revenues of $4,578.1 in the corresponding period in 2019. the increase in revenues was due to the benefit of acquisitions of 2.6%, favorable foreign currency translation of 0.9% and organic growth of 3.5%, partially offset by a business disposition of 0.5%. the increase in organic revenue was primarily driven by covid-19 pcr testing through its central laboratories unit along with broad based demand including covid-19 vaccine and therapeutic work, partially offset by the negative impact from the pandemic. the pandemic continues to cause delays in clinical trial progression and associated testing, reductions in investigator site access, as well as interruptions to the supply chain.
cost of revenues years ended december 31,
2020                                                                            2019                  change cost of revenues                              $9,025.7                      $8,302.3                      8.7   %
cost of revenues as a % of revenues          64.6    %                     71.9    %
cost of revenues (primarily laboratory, labor and distribution costs) increased 8.7% in 2020 as compared with 2019 primarily due to organic growth and acquisitions. cost of revenues as a percentage of revenues decreased to 64.6% in 2020 as compared to 71.9% in 2019. this decrease was primarily due to the impact of covid-19 testing on revenues and launchpad savings, partially offset by pama and higher personnel costs (primarily driven by merit increases and one additional payroll day that predominantly impacted dx).
during 2020, the company incurred special charges of $1.9 of acquisition and divestiture related costs, $36.5 in covid-related costs, and $1.1 related to miscellaneous other items. additionally, the company recorded covid-19 related accounts receivable reserves of $17.0, which are recorded as a reduction of revenues. excluding these charges, cost of revenues as a percentage of revenues were 64.2% for the year ended december 31, 2020.
index labor and testing supplies for the year ended december 31, 2020, comprise approximately 73.0% of the company's cost of revenues. cost of revenues has increased over the two-year period ended december 31, 2020, primarily due to the impact of acquisitions, overall growth in the company's volume, including covid-19 testing, and increases in merit-based labor costs.
selling, general and administrative expenses years ended december 31,
2020                                                                                     2019                  change selling, general and administrative expenses           $1,729.3                      $1,624.5                      6.5   %
sg&amp;a as a % of revenues                           12.4    %                     14.1    %
selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenues decreased to 12.4% in 2020 compared to 14.1% in 2019. the decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenues is primarily due to the contribution of covid-19 testing on revenues and less acquisition activity.
during 2020, the company incurred special charges of $28.3 of acquisition and divestiture related costs, $10.4 in covid-related costs, $14.6 in management transition costs, and $1.3 of non-capitalized costs associated with the implementation of a major system as part of its launchpad business process improvement initiative, partially offset by $2.7 related to miscellaneous other items. these items increased selling, general and administrative expenses by $51.9. excluding these charges, selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenues were 12.0% for the year ended december 31, 2020. the decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenues is primarily due to leveraging the company's infrastructure on higher revenue, partially offset by a $15.0 initial contribution to establish the labcorp charitable foundation which supports the company's strategic mission to improve health and improve lives with contributions focused on health and welfare, education and community.
during 2019, the company incurred special charges of $69.2 of acquisition and divestiture related costs, $15.2 in management transition costs, and $10.1 of non-capitalized costs associated with the implementation of a major system as part of its launchpad business process improvement initiative, partially offset by $11.7 in other miscellaneous items. these items increased selling, general and administrative expenses by $82.9. excluding these charges, selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenues were 13.3% for the year ended december 31, 2019.
goodwill and other asset impairments years ended december 31,
2020                                                          2019                                         change goodwill and other asset impairments            $462.1                       $-                            n/a during 2020, the company recorded goodwill and other asset impairment charges of $462.1, $450.5 within dd and $11.6 within dx. the company concluded that the fair value was less than carrying value for two of its reporting units and recorded goodwill impairment of $418.7 and $3.7 for dd and dx, respectively. additional impairment of identifiable intangible and tangible assets of $31.8 and $7.9 was recorded for dd and dx, respectively, for impairment of a tradename, software, customer relationships, technology assets and a note receivable.
amortization expense years ended december 31,
2020                                                                                         2019                        change dx                                                    $104.9                          $102.0                           2.8    %
dd                                                     170.5                           141.2                          20.8    %
amortization of intangibles and other assets          $275.4                          $243.2                          13.2    %
the increase in amortization of intangibles and other assets from 2019 through 2020 primarily reflects the impact of acquisitions partially offset by impairment of intangible assets recorded in fiscal 2020, and includes $27.5 of amortization acceleration of certain intangible assets related to the covance trade name as a result of the company's rebranding initiative.
restructuring and other charges years ended december 31,
2020                                                  2019                                         change restructuring and other charges          $40.6                         $54.6                       (25.6)      %
during 2020, the company recorded net restructuring charges of $40.6; $15.3 within dx and $25.3 within dd. the charges were comprised of $14.1 in severance and other personnel costs $17.4 for facility, operating lease right-of-use and equipment index impairments, and $18.9 in facility closures and general integration activities. the charges were offset by the reversal of previously established liability of $0.6 and $9.2 in unused severance costs and facility-related costs, respectively.
during 2019, the company recorded net restructuring charges of $54.6; $26.7 within dx and $27.9 within dd. the charges were comprised of $32.9 in severance and other personnel costs and $24.9 in facility-related costs primarily associated with general integration activities. the charges were offset by the reversal of previously established liability of $1.7 in unused severance and $1.5 in unused facility-related costs.
interest expense years ended december 31,
2020                                     2019                            change interest expense           $207.4                          $240.7        (13.8)      %
the decrease in interest expense for 2020 as compared with the corresponding period in 2019 is primarily due to the repayment of debt and lower interest rates.
equity method income, net years ended december 31,
2020                                            2019                                         change equity method income, net           $2.9                          $9.8                       (70.4)      %
equity method income, net represents the company's ownership share in joint venture partnerships along with equity investments in other companies in the healthcare industry. all of these partnerships and investments reside within the dx segment. the decrease in income for 2020 as compared with the corresponding period in 2019 was primarily due to the impairment of an equity method investment and the decreased profitability of the company's joint ventures.
other, net years ended december 31,
2020                               2019                                           change other, net        $(32.1)                         $(3.2)                          (903.1)     %
the change in other, net for the year ended december 31, 2020, as compared to the year ended december 31, 2019, was primarily due to an increase in the write-off or write down of certain of the company's investments due to the negative impact of the covid-19 global pandemic partially offset by lower foreign currency transaction losses. foreign currency transaction losses of $10.1 and $11.1 were recognized for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
income tax expense years ended december 31,
2020                                                                                            2019
income tax expense                                       $662.1                          $280.0
income tax expense as a % of income before tax             29.8    %                       25.3    %
in 2020, the company's effective tax rate of 29.8% was unfavorable as compared to 2019 due to impairment charges which were not deductible and or generated tax assets which require a valuation allowance, and the geographic mix of earnings.
the company considers substantially all of its foreign earnings to be permanently reinvested overseas.
operating results by segment years ended december 31,
2020                                                                     2019                          change dx operating income                  $2,634.9                        $1,086.0                      142.6    %
dx operating margin                 28.5    %                       15.5    %                       13.0    %
dd operating income                $37.3                          $411.5                          (90.9)    %
dd operating margin                  0.8    %                        9.0    %                      (8.2)    %
general corporate expenses           $(226.8)                        $(167.3)                       35.6    %
total operating income               $2,445.4                        $1,330.2                       83.8    %
index dx operating income was $2,634.9 for the year ended december 31, 2020, an increase of 142.6% over operating income of $1,086.0 in the corresponding period of 2019 and an increase of 1,300 basis points in operating margin year-over-year. the increase in operating income and margin were primarily due to the increase in covid-19 testing and launchpad savings, partially offset by a reduction in base business (primarily due to the pandemic), higher personnel costs and pama. the company remains on track to deliver approximately $200.0 of net savings from its three-year, phase ii of dx's launchpad initiative by the end of 2021.
dd operating income was $37.3 for the year ended december 31, 2020, a decrease of 90.9% from operating income of $411.5 in the corresponding period of 2019 and a decrease of 820 basis points in operating margin year-over-year. the decrease in operating income and margin were primarily due to the negative impact of covid-19, specifically goodwill and other asset impairment of $450.5, and higher personnel costs, partially offset by organic demand, acquisitions, and launchpad savings. the company achieved its goal to deliver $150.0 of net savings from its three-year dd launchpad initiative by the end of 2020.
general corporate expenses are comprised primarily of administrative services such as executive management, human resources, legal, finance, corporate affairs, and information technology. corporate expenses were $226.8 for the year ended december 31, 2020, an increase of 35.6% over corporate expenses of $167.3 in the corresponding period of 2019. the increase in corporate expenses in 2020 is primarily due to higher personnel costs, including executive transition costs, covid-19 related expenses and funding of the labcorp charitable foundation.
liquidity, capital resources and financial position the company's strong cash-generating capability and financial condition typically have provided ready access to capital markets. the company's principal source of liquidity is operating cash flow, supplemented by proceeds from debt offerings. the company's senior unsecured revolving credit facility is further discussed in note 12 debt to the company's consolidated financial statements.
management's discussion and analysis of cash flows for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to the year ended december 31, 2018 may be found in the "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, liquidity, capital resources and financial position" section of the company's annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2019.
in summary the company's cash flows were as follows:
for the year ended december 31,
2020                                                                                                                  2019                              2018
net cash provided by operating activities                                  $2,135.3                          $1,444.7                          $1,305.4
net cash (used for) provided by investing activities                        (643.2)                         (1,283.1)                             206.7
net cash used for financing activities                                      (517.4)                           (252.7)                         (1,389.9)
effect of exchange rate on changes in cash and cash equivalents                 8.6                               1.8                            (12.0)
net change in cash and cash equivalents                                      $983.3                           $(89.3)                            $110.2
cash and cash equivalents cash and cash equivalents at december 31, 2020 and 2019 totaled $1,320.8 and $337.5, respectively. cash and cash equivalents consist of highly liquid instruments, such as time deposits and other money market investments, which have original maturities of three months or less.
cash flows from operating activities during the year ended december 31, 2020, the company's operations provided $2,135.3 of cash as compared to $1,444.7 in 2019. the $690.6 increase in cash provided from operations in 2020 as compared with the corresponding 2019 period was primarily due to higher cash earnings, partially offset by increased working capital to support growth. working capital increased primarily due to the increase in accounts receivable and supplies inventory as a result of the revenue growth, offset by increases in income tax payable as a result of a significant increase in taxable income during the fourth quarter and an increase in accrued payroll tax balances due to the deferral of 2020 u.s. payroll taxes as part of the cares act stimulus.
cash flows from investing activities net cash used by investing activities for the year ended december 31, 2020 was $643.2 as compared to net cash used by investing activities of $1,283.1 for the year ended december 31, 2019. the $639.9 decrease in net cash used by investing activities for the year ended december 31, 2020, was primarily due to a year over year decrease of $608.4 in cash paid for acquisitions. the company had proceeds of $7.7 from the sale of assets and disposition of businesses during 2019 in index comparison to $42.1 during 2020. capital expenditures were $381.7 and $400.2 for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. capital expenditures in 2020 were 2.7% of revenues, primarily in connection with projects to support growth in the company's core businesses, projects related to launchpad, and further dd acquisition integration initiatives. the company intends to continue to pursue acquisitions to drive growth, to make important investments in its business, including in information technology, and to improve efficiency and enable the execution of the company's mission. such expenditures are expected to be funded by cash flow from operations or, as needed, through borrowings under debt facilities, including the company's revolving credit facility or any successor facility. the company expects capital expenditures in 2021 to be approximately 4.0% of revenues, primarily in connection with projects to support growth in the company's core businesses, facility updates, ongoing projects related to launchpad within the dx business, launchpad's expansion within the dd business, and further acquisition integration initiatives.
cash flows from financing activities net cash used in financing activities for the year ended december 31, 2020 was $517.4 compared to cash used in financing activities of $252.7 for the year ended december 31, 2019. this movement in cash within financing activities for 2020, as compared to 2019, was primarily a result of $412.2 net financing payments and $100.0 in share repurchases in 2020 compared to $198.5 in net financing receipts more than offset by $450.0 in share repurchases in 2019.
on august 17, 2020 the company redeemed the remaining $412.2 of its 4.625% senior notes due november 15, 2020, using available cash on hand. the company exited the remaining fixed-to-variable interest rate swap agreement in august 2020, in connection with this redemption and recorded a gain of $1.6 on the extinguishment. the gain was included in other, net on the consolidated statement of operations.
on june 3, 2019, the company entered into a new $850.0 term loan facility in addition to the $577.0 balance then outstanding on its existing $750.0 2017 term loan facility. the 2019 term loan facility will mature on june 3, 2021. proceeds of the 2019 term loan facility were used for general corporate purposes, including to repay approximately $250.0 of the 2017 term loan facility and in connection with the acquisition of envigo's nonclinical research services business.
on november 25, 2019, the company issued $1,050.0 in debt securities, consisting of $400.0 aggregate principal amount of 2.300% senior notes due 2024 and $650.0 aggregate principal amount of 2.950% senior notes due 2029. the net proceeds from the new senior notes were used to redeem all of the outstanding $500.0 principal amount of its 2.625% senior notes due february 1, 2020, redeem $187.9 of the outstanding 4.625% senior notes due november 15, 2020, and to repay $348.3 outstanding under the 2017 term loan credit facility.
in total, during 2019, the company redeemed or repaid $687.9 million of its senior notes and $1,002.0 million of its term loans. in addition, the company borrowed and repaid a total of $495.0 million of debt through its revolving credit facility within 2019 and $151.7 within 2020.
the company continues to evaluate its outstanding debt portfolio to take advantage of market conditions that would allow the company to reduce its interest rate or financing risk and provide a lower long-term borrowing cost.
the company's revolving credit facility consists of a five year revolving facility in the principal amount of up to $1,000.0 with the option of increasing the facility by up to an additional $350.0, subject to the agreement of one or more new or existing lenders to provide such additional amounts and certain other customary conditions.
under the company's term loan credit facilities and the revolving credit facility, the company is subject to negative covenants limiting subsidiary indebtedness and certain other covenants typical for investment grade-rated borrowers and the company is required to maintain certain leverage ratios. the company was in compliance with all covenants under the term loan credit facility and the revolving credit facility at december 31, 2020. in may 2020, in order to obtain increased financial covenant flexibility, the company and its lenders entered into amendments to the term loan facility and the revolving credit facility to increase the maximum leverage ratio to 5.0x debt to last twelve months ebitda for the three month periods ending june 30, september 30 and december 31, 2020, and 4.5x for the period ended march 31, 2021. from and including the period ending june 30, 2021, the maximum leverage ratio reverts back to 4.0x. the amendments also provide that during any period in which the company's leverage ratio exceeds 4.5x debt to last twelve months ebitda (i) the company will be prohibited from consummating share repurchases, subject to limited exceptions, (ii) borrowings under the revolving credit facility will accrue interest at a per annum rate equal to, at the company's election, either a libor rate plus a margin of 1.25% or a base rate plus a margin of 0.25%, (iii) the facility fee that the company is required to pay on the aggregate commitments under the revolving credit facility will be 0.25% per annum, and (iv) borrowings under the term loan facility will accrue interest at a per annum rate equal to, at the company's election, either a libor rate plus a margin of 1.175% or a base rate plus a margin of 0.175%. the company's leverage ratio did not exceed 4.5x debt to last twelve months ebitda as of december 31, 2020.
index at the end of 2019, the company had outstanding authorization from the board of directors to purchase up to $900.0 of company common stock. during 2020, the company repurchased 0.6 shares of its common stock at an average price of $178.85 for a total cost of $100.0. at the end of 2020, the company had outstanding authorization from the board of directors to purchase $800.0 of company common stock. the repurchase authorization has no expiration date.
during 2019, the company settled notices to convert $8.6 aggregate principal amount at maturity of its zero-coupon subordinated notes due 2021 (the zero-coupon notes) with a conversion value of $16.6. the total cash used for these settlements was $8.2 and the company also issued 0.1 additional shares of common stock. as a result of these conversions in 2019, the company also reversed approximately $2.0 of deferred tax liability to reflect the tax benefit realized upon issuance of the shares. on december 19, 2019, the company redeemed any remaining outstanding zero-coupon notes that did not convert.
credit ratings the company's investment grade debt ratings from moody's and bbb from standard & poor's (s&p) contribute to its ability to access capital markets.
contractual cash obligations payments due by period total                    short-term                       long-term operating lease obligations                             $869.6                      $192.0                          $677.6
contingent future licensing payments (a)                  21.6                         3.5                            18.1
purchase obligations                                      60.1                        45.5                            14.6
finance lease obligations                                 91.1                         6.7                            84.4
scheduled interest payments on senior notes            1,734.4                       194.5                         1,539.9
scheduled interest payments on term loan (d)               1.5                         1.5                               -
long-term debt (e)                                     1,676.7                       376.7                         1,300.0
total contractual cash obligations (b) (c)            $4,455.0                      $820.4                        $3,634.6
(a)contingent future licensing payments will be made if certain events take place, such as the launch of a specific test, the transfer of certain technology, and the achievement of specified revenue milestones.
(b)the table does not include obligations under the company's pension and postretirement benefit plans, which are included in note 17 pension and postretirement plans to consolidated financial statements. benefits under the company's postretirement medical plan are paid when claims are submitted for payment, the timing of which is not practicable to estimate.
(c)the table does not include the company's reserve for unrecognized tax benefits. the company had a $57.1 and $37.2 reserve for unrecognized tax benefits, including interest and penalties, at december 31, 2020, and 2019, respectively, which is included in note 14 income taxes to consolidated financial statements.
(d)interest payments due by period for the company's debt subject to variable interest rates are calculated based on rates in place as of december 31, 2020.
(e)excludes amount of debt issuance costs included in the long-term debt balance.
off-balance sheet arrangements the company does not have transactions or relationships with "special purpose" entities, and the company does not have any off-balance sheet financing other than normal operating leases and letters of credit.
other commercial commitments as of december 31, 2020, the company provided letters of credit aggregating approximately $77.4, primarily in connection with certain insurance program which are renewed annually.
the contractual value of the noncontrolling interest put in the company's ontario subsidiary totaled $16.2 and $15.8 at december 31, 2020, and 2019, respectively, and has been classified as mezzanine equity in the company's consolidated balance sheet.
based on current and projected levels of cash flows from operations, coupled with availability under its revolving credit facility, the company believes it has sufficient liquidity to meet both its anticipated short-term and long-term cash needs; however, the company continually reassesses its liquidity position in light of market conditions and other relevant factors.
index critical accounting policies the preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reported periods. while the company believes these estimates are reasonable and consistent, they are by their very nature estimates of amounts that will depend on future events. accordingly, actual results could differ from these estimates. the company's audit committee periodically reviews the company's significant accounting policies. the company's critical accounting policies arise in conjunction with the following:
•revenue recognition;
•business combinations;
•pension expense;
•accruals for self-insurance reserves;
•income taxes; and
•goodwill and indefinite-lived assets.
revenue recognition dx within the dx segment, a revenue transaction is initiated when dx receives a requisition order to perform a diagnostic test. the information provided on the requisition form is used to determine the party that will be billed for the testing performed and the expected reimbursement. dx recognizes revenue and satisfies its performance obligation for services rendered when the testing process is complete and the associated results are reported. revenues are distributed among four payer portfolios - clients, patients, medicare and medicaid and third-party. dx considers negotiated discounts and anticipated adjustments, including historical collection experience for the payer portfolio, when sales are recorded.
the following are descriptions of the dx payer portfolios:
clients client payers represent the portion of dx's revenue related to physicians, hospitals, health systems, accountable care organizations (acos), employers and other entities where payment is received exclusively from the entity ordering the testing service. generally, client revenues are recorded on a fee-for-service basis at dx's client list price, less any negotiated discount. a portion of client billing is for laboratory management services, collection kits and other non-testing services or products. in these cases, revenue is recognized when services are rendered or delivered.
patients this portfolio includes revenue from uninsured patients and member cost-share for insured patients (e.g., coinsurance, deductibles and non-covered services). uninsured patients are billed based upon dx's patient fee schedules, net of any discounts negotiated with physicians on behalf of their patients. dx bills insured patients as directed by their health plan and after consideration of the fees and terms associated with an established health plan contract.
medicare and medicaid this portfolio relates to fee-for-service revenue from traditional medicare and medicaid programs. net revenue from these programs is based on the fee schedule established by the related government authority. in addition to contractual discounts, other adjustments including anticipated payer denials are considered when determining net revenue. any remaining adjustments to revenue are recorded at the time of final collection and settlement. these adjustments are not material to dx's results of operations in any period presented.
third-party third-party includes revenue related to mcos. the majority of dx's third-party revenue is reimbursed on a fee-for-service basis. these payers are billed at dx's established list price and revenue is recorded net of contractual discounts. the majority of dx's mco revenues are recorded based upon contractually negotiated fee schedules with revenues for non-contracted mcos recorded based on historical reimbursement experience.
third-party reimbursement is also received through capitation agreements with mcos and independent physician associations (ipas). under capitated agreements, revenue is recognized based on a negotiated per-member, per-month payment for an agreed upon menu of tests, or based upon the proportionate share earned by dx from a capitation pool. when the agreed upon reimbursement is based solely on an established rate per member, revenue is not impacted by the volume of testing index performed. under a capitation pool arrangement, the aggregate value of an established rate per member is distributed based on the volume and complexity of the procedures performed by laboratories participating in the agreement. dx recognizes revenue monthly, based upon the established capitation rate or anticipated distribution from a capitated pool.
dx has a formal process to estimate implicit price concessions for uncollectable accounts. the majority of dx's collection risk is related to accounts receivable from both insured and uninsured patients who are unwilling or unable to pay. anticipated write-offs are recorded as adjustments to revenue at an amount considered necessary to record the segment's revenue at its net realizable value. in addition to contractual discounts, other adjustments including anticipated payer denials and other external factors that could affect the collectability of its receivables are considered when determining revenue and the net receivable amount. any remaining adjustments to revenue are recorded at the time of final collection and settlement. these adjustments are not material to dx's results of operations in any period presented.
dd the nature of dd's obligations includes agreements to provide preclinical services, to manage a full clinical trial, provide services for a specific phase of a trial, or provide research products to the customer. generally, the amount of the transaction price estimated at the beginning of the contract is equal to the amount expected to be billed to the customer. other payments may also factor into the calculation of transaction price, such as volume-based rebates that are retroactively applied to prior transactions in the period.
historically a majority of dd's revenues have been earned under contracts that range in duration from a few months to a few years, but can extend in duration up to five years or longer. occasionally, dd also has entered into minimum volume arrangements with certain customers. under these types of arrangements, if the annual minimum dollar value of a service commitment is not reached, the customer is required to pay dd for the shortfall. annual minimum commitment shortfalls are not recognized until the end of the period when the amount has been determined and agreed to by the customer.
dd recognizes revenue either as services are performed or as products are delivered, depending on the nature of the work contracted. if performance is completed at a specific point in time, the company evaluates the nature of the agreement to determine when the good or service is transferred into the customer's control.
service contracts generally take the form of fee-for-service or fixed-price arrangements subject to pricing adjustments based on changes in scope. in cases where performance spans multiple accounting periods, revenue is recognized as services are performed, measured on a proportional-performance basis, using either input or output methods that are specific to the service provided. in an output method, revenue is determined by dividing the actual units of output achieved by the total units of output required under the contract and multiplying that percentage by the total contract value. the total contract value, or total contractual payments, represents the aggregate contracted price for each of the agreed upon services to be provided. when using an input method, revenue is recognized by dividing the actual units of input incurred by the total units of input budgeted in the contract, and multiplying that percentage by the total contract value. in each situation, the company believes that the methods used most accurately depict the progress of the company towards completing its obligations.
billing schedules and payment terms are generally negotiated on a contract-by-contract basis. in some cases, dd bills the customer for the total contract value in progress-based installments as certain non-contingent billing milestones are reached over the contract duration. these milestones include, but are not limited to, contract signing, initial dosing, investigator site initiation, patient enrollment and/or database lock. the term "billing milestone" relates only to a billing trigger in a contract whereby amounts become billable and payable in accordance with a negotiated predetermined billing schedule throughout the term of a project. these billing milestones are generally not performance-based (i.e., there is no potential additional consideration tied to specific deliverables or performance). in other cases, billing and payment terms are tied to the passage of time (e.g., monthly billings). in either case, the total contract value and aggregate amounts billed to the customer would be the same at the end of the project.
proportional performance contracts typically contain a single service (e.g., management of a clinical study) and therefore no allocation of the contract price is required. fee-for-service contracts are typically priced based on transaction volume. since the volume of activities in a fee-for-service contract is unspecified, the contract price is entirely variable and is allocated to the time period in which it is earned. for contracts that include multiple distinct goods and services, dd allocates the contract price to the goods and services based on a customer price list, if available. if a price list is not available, dd will estimate the transaction price using either market prices or an "expected cost plus margin" approach.
while dd attempts to negotiate terms that provide for billing and payment of services prior or within close proximity to the provision of services, this is not always possible. while a project is ongoing, cash payments are not necessarily representative of aggregate revenue earned at any particular point in time, as revenues are recognized when services are provided, while amounts billed and paid are in accordance with the negotiated billing and payment terms.
index in some cases, payments received are in excess of revenue recognized. for example, a contract invoicing schedule may provide for an upfront payment of 10% of the full contract value upon contract signing, but at the time of signing performance of services has not yet begun. payments received in advance of services being provided are deferred as contract liabilities on the balance sheet. as the contracted services are subsequently performed and the associated revenue is recognized, the contract liability balance is reduced by the amount of revenue recognized during the period.
in other cases, services may be provided and revenue recognized before the customer is invoiced. in these cases, revenue recognized will exceed amounts billed, and the difference, representing a contract asset, is recorded for the amount that is currently not billable to the customer pursuant to contractual terms. once the customer is invoiced, the contract asset is reduced for the amount billed, and a corresponding account receivable is recorded. all contract assets are billable to customers within one year from the respective balance sheet date.
most contracts are terminable with or without cause by the customer, either immediately or upon notice. these contracts often require payment to dd of expenses to wind down the study or project, fees earned to date and, in some cases, a termination fee or a payment to dd of some portion of the fees or profits that could have been earned by dd under the contract if it had not been terminated early. termination fees are included in revenues when services are performed and realization is assured.
the following are descriptions of the revenue recognition models of the drug development services provided by dd:
preclinical services include fee-for-service activities such as bioanalytical testing services, and proportional performance activities such as toxicology studies. revenue for sale of research models is recognized at a point in time, typically upon shipment, when control transferred to the customer. revenue for bioanalytical testing services is recognized at a point in time upon communication of results to the customer. revenue for proportional performance activities, including toxicology studies, is recognized using an input-based measure of progress in which revenue is recognized as expenses are incurred for the research models, labor hours, and other costs attributable to the study.
through its central laboratory, dd produces and supplies specimen collection kits that are utilized in clinical studies, and provides transportation, project management, data management, and laboratory testing services on an as-needed basis throughout the duration of its customers' clinical studies. revenue for central laboratory services is recognized using an output-based measure of progress based on volume of activities in each period. dd also provides long-term specimen storage services, for which revenue is recognized using an input-based measure of progress based on costs incurred.
dd provides clinical development and commercialization services, including clinical pharmacology services, full management of phase ii through iv clinical studies, and market access solutions. revenue for clinical pharmacology services, which includes first-in-human trials, is recognized using an output-based measure of progress based on bed nights. the majority of clinical development and commercialization service long-term contracts are service contracts for clinical research that represent a single performance obligation (e.g., management of a clinical study). revenue for these service contracts is recognized over time based on the progress of the performance obligation which is measured by the proportion of the actual costs incurred to the total costs expected to complete the contract (including labor and pass-through costs such as investigator grants and reimbursable out-of-pocket expenses). this cost-based method of revenue recognition requires management to estimate the costs to complete these services on an ongoing basis. clinical services utilizing the input-based measure of progress account for approximately 50% of dd revenue. revenue for market access solutions is recognized using various methods. revenue for fee-for-service arrangements, such as reimbursement consulting hotlines and patient assistance programs, is recognized using an output method based on transaction volume which corresponds to the amount charged to the customer. for consulting services billed based on time and materials, revenue is recognized using the right to invoice practical expedient.
dd endeavors to assess and monitor the creditworthiness of its customers to which it grants credit terms in the ordinary course of business. dd maintains a provision for doubtful accounts relating to amounts due that may not be collected. this bad debt provision is monitored on a monthly basis and adjusted as circumstances warrant. since the recorded bad debt provision is based upon management's judgment, actual bad debt write-offs may be greater or less than the amount recorded. historically, bad debt write-offs have not been material.
business combinations the company accounts for business combination transactions under the acquisition method of accounting and reported the results of operations of the acquired entities from its respective date of acquisition. assets acquired were recorded at their estimated fair values as of the acquisition date. estimated fair values were based on various valuation methodologies, including an income approach using primarily discounted cash flow techniques for the customer relationships intangible assets. the aforementioned income methods utilize management's estimates of future operating results and cash flows discounted using a weighted-average cost of capital that reflects market participant assumptions. the excess of the fair value of the consideration conveyed over the fair value of the assets acquired was recorded as goodwill. the goodwill reflects management's expectations index of the ability to gain access to and penetrate the acquired entities' historical patient base and the benefits of being able to leverage operational efficiencies with favorable growth opportunities based on positive demographic trends in the market. none of the goodwill recorded as a result of the current year transactions is deductible for federal income tax purposes.
as described in note 3 business acquisitions and dispositions to the consolidated financial statements, the company acquired various businesses and related assets for approximately $267.6 in cash (net of cash acquired). the purchase consideration for all acquisitions has been allocated to the estimated fair market value of the net assets acquired, including approximately $121.3 in identifiable intangible assets and a residual amount of non-tax-deductible goodwill of approximately $166.2. the amortization periods for intangible assets acquired from these businesses range from 12 to 15 years for customer relationships. these acquisitions were made primarily to extend the company's geographic reach in important market areas, enhance the company's scientific differentiation and to expand the breadth and scope of the company's cro services. the excess of the fair value of the consideration conveyed over the fair value of the net assets acquired was recorded as goodwill. the goodwill reflects the company's expectations to utilize the acquired businesses' workforce and established relationships and the benefits of being able to leverage operational efficiencies with favorable growth opportunities in these markets.
pension expense the company sponsors both funded and unfunded defined benefit pension plans which provide benefits based on various criteria such as years of service and salary. the company maintained two plans in the united states, three plans in the united kingdom and one in germany.
the two plans in the united states (u.s. plans) were closed to new entrants and the accrual of service credits at the end of 2009. the u.k. pension plans were closed to new entrants and the accrual of service credits for one plan as of december 31, 2002 and the accrual of service credits for the other two plans as of december 31, 2019. the german plan is closed to new entrants but participants continue to accrue service credits. the u.k. and german plans are aggregated for disclosure as the non-u.s. plans.
the company's net pension cost is developed from actuarial valuations. inherent in these valuations are key assumptions, including discount rates and expected return on plan assets, which are updated on an annual basis at the beginning of each year. the company is required to consider current market conditions, including changes in interest rates, in making these assumptions. changes in pension costs may occur in the future due to changes in these assumptions. the key assumptions used in accounting for the defined-benefit retirement plans are summarized below:
weighted average assumptions used to determine net periodic benefit costs are as follows:
u. s. plans                                           non-u.s. plans year ended december 31, 2020
discount rate                             3.3         %                                                                         1.7   %
salary increases                          n/a                                                                                   3.1   %
expected long term rate of return         6.0         %                                                                         3.5
cash balance interest credit rate         4.0         %                                                                             n/a weighted average assumptions used to determine net periodic benefit obligations are as follows:
u. s. plans                                  non-u.s. plans year ended december 31, 2020
discount rate           2.3       %                                  1.2                        %
salary increases        n/a                                          2.0                        %
discount rate the company evaluates several approaches toward setting the discount rate assumption that is used to value the benefit obligations of its retirement plans. at year-end, priority was given to use of the towers watson bond:link model, which simulates the purchase of investment-grade corporate bonds at current market yields with principal amounts and maturity dates closely matching the company's projected cash disbursements from its plans. this completed model represents the yields to maturity at which the company could theoretically settle its plan obligations at year end. the weighted-average yield on the modeled bond portfolio is then used to form the discount rate assumption used for each retirement plan. a one percentage point decrease or increase in the discount rate would have resulted in a respective increase or decrease in 2020 retirement plan expense of $1.9 for the u.s plans. a one percentage point decrease or increase in the discount rate would have resulted in a respective increase or decrease in 2020 retirement plan expense of $2.1 for the non-u.s. plans.
index return on plan assets in establishing its expected return on plan assets assumption, the company reviews its asset allocation and develops return assumptions based on different asset classes, adjusting for plan operating expenses. actual asset over/under performance compared to expected returns will respectively decrease/increase unrecognized loss. the change in the unrecognized loss will change amortization cost in upcoming periods. a one percentage point increase or decrease in the expected return on plan assets would have resulted in a corresponding change in 2020 pension expense of $2.5 for the u.s. plans. a one percentage point increase or decrease in the expected return on plan assets would have resulted in a corresponding change in 2020 pension expense of $4.8 for the non-u.s. plans.
net pension cost for 2020 was $11.0 as compared with $13.8 in 2019. the decrease in pension expense was due to market performance partially offset by lower discount rates. pension expense for the u.s. plans is expected to decrease to $6.5 in 2021 primarily due to the impact of strong asset returns in 2020, and the $30.0 contribution made in december 2020, offset by lower discount rates in certain plans. pension expense for the non-u.s. plans is expected to decrease by approximately $0.2 in 2021, primarily due to lower service cost partially offset by a lower discount rate in 2021.
further information on the company's defined-benefit retirement plans is provided in note 17 pension and postretirement plans to the consolidated financial statements.
accruals for self-insurance reserves accruals for self-insurance reserves (including workers' compensation, auto and employee medical) are determined based on a number of assumptions and factors, including historical payment trends and claims history, actuarial assumptions and current and estimated future economic conditions. these estimated liabilities are not discounted.
the company is self-insured (up to certain limits) for professional liability claims arising in the normal course of business, generally related to the testing and reporting of laboratory test results. the company maintains excess insurance which limits the company's maximum exposure on individual claims. the company estimates a liability that represents the ultimate exposure for aggregate losses below those limits. the liability is based on assumptions and factors for known and incurred but not reported claims, including the frequency and payment trends of historical claims.
if actual trends differ from these estimates, the financial results could be impacted. historical trends have not differed significantly from these estimates.
income taxes the company accounts for income taxes utilizing the asset and liability method. under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases and for tax loss carryforwards. deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. the effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. the company does not recognize a tax benefit, unless the company concludes that it is more likely than not that the benefit will be sustained on audit by the taxing authority based solely on the technical merits of the associated tax position. if the recognition threshold is met, the company recognizes a tax benefit measured at the largest amount of the tax benefit that the company believes is greater than 50% likely to be realized. the company records interest and penalties in income tax expense.
goodwill and indefinite-lived assets the company assesses goodwill and indefinite-lived intangibles for impairment at least annually or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable. in accordance with updates to the financial accounting standards board's (fasb) authoritative guidance regarding goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment testing, an entity is allowed to first assess qualitative factors as a basis for determining whether it is necessary to perform quantitative impairment testing. if an entity determines that it is not more likely than not that the estimated fair value of an asset is less than its carrying value, then no further testing is required. otherwise, impairment testing must be performed in accordance with the original accounting standards. the updated fasb guidance also allows an entity to bypass the qualitative assessment for any reporting unit in its goodwill assessment and proceed directly to performing the quantitative assessment. similarly, a company can proceed directly to a quantitative assessment in the case of impairment testing for indefinite-lived intangible assets as well.
the quantitative goodwill impairment test includes the estimation of the fair value of each reporting unit as compared to the carrying value of the reporting unit. reporting units are businesses with discrete financial information that is available and reviewed by management. the company estimates the fair value of a reporting unit using both income-based and market-based index valuation methods. the income-based approach is based on the reporting unit's forecasted future cash flows that are discounted to the present value using the reporting unit's weighted average cost of capital. for the market-based approach, the company utilizes a number of factors such as publicly available information regarding the market capitalization of the company as well as operating results, business plans, market multiples, and present value techniques. based upon the range of estimated values developed from the income and market-based methods, the company determines the estimated fair value for the reporting unit. if the estimated fair value of the reporting unit exceeds the carrying value, the goodwill is not impaired, and no further review is required. an entity should recognize an impairment charge for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the reporting unit's fair value; however, the loss recognized should not exceed the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit.
the income-based fair value methodology requires management's assumptions and judgments regarding economic conditions in the markets in which the company operates and conditions in the capital markets, many of which are outside of management's control. at the reporting unit level, fair value estimation requires management's assumptions and judgments regarding the effects of overall economic conditions on the specific reporting unit, along with assessment of the reporting unit's strategies and forecasts of future cash flows. forecasts of individual reporting unit cash flows involve management's estimates and assumptions regarding:
•annual cash flows, on a debt-free basis, arising from future revenues and profitability, changes in working capital, capital spending and income taxes for at least a five-year forecast period.
•a terminal growth rate for years beyond the forecast period. the terminal growth rate is selected based on consideration of growth rates used in the forecast period, historical performance of the reporting unit and economic conditions.
•a discount rate that reflects the risks inherent in realizing the forecasted cash flows. a discount rate considers the risk-free rate of return on long-term treasury securities, the risk premium associated with investing in equity securities of comparable companies, the beta obtained from the comparable companies and the cost of debt for investment grade issuers. in addition, the discount rate may consider any company-specific risk in achieving the prospective financial information.
under the market-based fair value methodology, judgment is required in evaluating market multiples and recent transactions. management believes that the assumptions used for its impairment tests are representative of those that would be used by market participants performing similar valuations of the reporting units.
the company assesses goodwill and indefinite-lived intangibles for impairment at least annually or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable. based upon the revised forecasted revenues and operating income following the declaration of the covid-19 global pandemic, management concluded there was a triggering event and updated its annual 2019 goodwill impairment testing as of march 31, 2020, for certain of its dd and dx reporting units. based on the quantitative impairment assessment performed in the same manner as the company's annual quantitative assessment, the company concluded that the fair value was less than carrying value for two of its reporting units, including one where the 2019 fair value exceeded carrying value by approximately 10.0%, and recorded a goodwill impairment of $418.7 for the dd segment and $3.7 for the dx segment.
management performed its annual goodwill and intangible asset impairment testing as of the beginning of the fourth quarter of 2020. the company elected to perform the qualitative assessment for goodwill and intangible assets for the domestic dx reporting units and certain dd reporting units, a quantitative assessment for two of the dd reporting units, and a quantitative assessment for the canadian reporting unit and its indefinite-lived assets consisting of acquired canadian licenses.
in the qualitative assessment, the company considered relevant events and circumstances for each reporting unit, including (i) current year results, (ii) financial performance versus management's annual and five-year strategic plans, (iii) changes in the reporting unit carrying value since prior year, (iv) industry and market conditions in which the reporting unit operates, (v) macroeconomic conditions, including discount rate changes, and (vi) changes in products or services offered by the reporting unit. if applicable, performance in recent years was compared to forecasts included in prior valuations. based on the results of the qualitative assessment, the company concluded that it was not more likely than not that the carrying values of the goodwill and intangible assets were greater than their fair values, and that further quantitative testing was not necessary.
in 2020, the company utilized a combination of the market and income approaches to determine the fair value of the dd reporting units and the income approach to determine the fair value of the canadian reporting unit and its indefinite-lived assets consisting of acquired canadian licenses. based upon the results of the quantitative assessments, the company concluded that the fair values of the goodwill and intangible assets, including the indefinite-lived canadian licenses, was greater than the carrying value.
it is possible that the company's conclusions regarding impairment or recoverability of goodwill or intangible assets in any reporting unit could change in future periods. there can be no assurance that the estimates and assumptions used in the company's goodwill and intangible asset impairment testing performed as of the beginning of the fourth quarter of 2020 will index prove to be accurate predictions of the future, if, for example, (i) the businesses do not perform as projected, (ii) overall economic conditions in 2020 or future years vary from current assumptions (including changes in discount rates), (iii) business conditions or strategies for a specific reporting unit change from current assumptions, including loss of major customers, (iv) investors require higher rates of return on equity investments in the marketplace or (v) enterprise values of comparable publicly traded companies, or actual sales transactions of comparable companies, were to decline, resulting in lower multiples of revenues and ebitda. management's impairment analysis for certain reporting units utilized significant judgments and assumptions related to the market comparable method analysis, such as selected market multiples, and related to cash flow projections, such as revenue and terminal growth rate, projected operating income, and the discount rate. a significant increase in the discount rate, decrease in the revenue and terminal growth rate, decreased operation margin or substantial reductions in end markets and volume assumptions could have a negative impact on the estimated fair value of certain reporting units. a future impairment charge for goodwill or intangible assets could have a material effect on the company's consolidated financial position and results of operations.
