item 1a. risk factors the following risk factors and other information included in this annual report on form 10-k should be carefully considered. the occurrence of any of the following risks or of unknown risks and uncertainties may adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. for a summary of risk factors refer to "special note on forward-looking statements" in part i of this annual report on form 10-k.
risks relating to our business our operating results and financial condition have been and will likely continue to be adversely affected by the covid-19 pandemic and could be adversely affected by other public health emergencies.
the covid-19 pandemic is adversely affecting, and is expected to continue to adversely affect, our business and operations. government authorities in the jurisdictions in which we operate have recommended or mandated precautions to mitigate the spread of covid-19, including prohibitions on congregating in various locations, travel restrictions, shelter-in-place orders, and similar measures. these measures have resulted in a significant reduction in miles driven. as a result, we have experienced and expect to continue to experience unpredictable reductions in demand for our products. although we have been permitted to continue to operate in most of the jurisdictions in which we operate, including in jurisdictions that have mandated the closure of certain businesses, there is no assurance that we will be permitted to continue operations under future government orders or other restrictions.
in order to reduce costs in an attempt to offset reductions in revenue, we have implemented various cost reductions to align with the lower level of economic activity, including employee layoffs and furloughs. these actions may result in a significant increase in employment-related claims and the associated risks and expenses related thereto. due to the self-insured nature of our health insurance program, we may be subject to substantial increases in healthcare costs in the event that a significant number of our employees become ill and require medical treatment due to covid-19 infections. also, we may suffer workforce shortages and/or lose the services of key management personnel due to employees contracting the covid-19 virus or due to employees being subject to quarantine because of possible exposure to a person who tested positive for the virus. although we have been taking precautions as recommended by governmental agencies to protect the health and safety of our employees who are continuing to work, we may be subject to claims that we did not take adequate or appropriate measures in this regard. we have also implemented remote work arrangements for many of our employees, which may expose us to an increased risk of cyber-attack or other cyber-security threats.
in the event that the pandemic subsides and business increases, there can be no assurance that we will be able to recall or rehire the appropriate number of employees with the proper skill sets to handle the increase in business.
we are continuing to evaluate the applicability of certain financial assistance and relief programs from foreign governments. while we have pursued and will continue to pursue this government assistance where possible and advisable, there is no guarantee as to what amount, if any, we would qualify for and receive in the future.
the covid-19 pandemic is adversely affecting our business partners, including our suppliers and customers. depending on the extent of the adverse effects, we may not be able to source sufficient inventory to provide products to our customers even at reduced-demand levels, and the ability of our customers to continue operating or to pay us for our products may be disrupted.
depending on the length and severity of the adverse effects on our business of the covid-19 pandemic, we may determine that our goodwill or other long-lived assets have become impaired or that the carrying value of our receivables and inventory may no longer be recoverable. if either or both occur, we may incur significant charges to our pre-tax income.
depending on the length and severity of the adverse effects on our business of the covid-19 pandemic, we may not satisfy one or more of the financial or other covenants in our credit facility. failure to satisfy any such covenant could inhibit our ability to borrow money under our credit facility should we need to do so or could result in a default under our credit facility. the covid-19 pandemic has caused severe macroeconomic disruptions, including substantial price volatility in the equities markets, including the price of our common stock, and concerns about the liquidity of the credit markets. these macroeconomic disruptions may also affect our ability to borrow money or otherwise raise cash.
there is uncertainty with respect to the duration and breadth of the covid-19 pandemic. moreover, even after the mitigation measures are relaxed by government authorities, the timing and extent of the recovery of the economies in the countries where we operate is difficult to estimate. thus, the ultimate impact on our business, financial results and financial condition cannot reasonably be estimated at this time. in addition, even if the adverse effects of the covid-19 pandemic subside, there is the possibility of a recurrence of covid-19 or the emergence of a different pandemic or health emergency with similar economic disruptions. certain jurisdictions are reinstating mitigation measures at least through february 2021.
our operating results and financial condition have been and could continue to be adversely affected by the economic, political and social conditions in the u.s., europe and elsewhere, as well as the economic health of vehicle owners and numbers and types of vehicles sold.
changes in economic, political and social conditions in the u.s., europe and other countries in which we are located or do business could have a material effect on our company. negative effects to our supply chain, costs of doing business, sales and distribution activity may occur due to factors such as war or threats of war, natural disasters, nuclear facility accidents, public health emergencies, utility interruptions, terrorism and social unrest.
our business is also affected by a number of other factors. for example, the number and types of new vehicles produced and sold by manufacturers affects our business. a decrease in the number of vehicles on the road may result in a decrease in repairs.
our sales are also impacted by changes to the economic health of vehicle owners. the economic health of vehicle owners is affected by many factors, including, among others, general business conditions, interest rates, inflation, consumer debt levels, the availability of consumer credit, taxation, fuel prices, unemployment trends and other matters that influence consumer confidence and spending.  many of these factors are outside of our control. if any of these conditions worsen, our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be adversely affected.
in addition, economic conditions, including decreased access to credit, may result in financial difficulties leading to restructurings, bankruptcies, liquidations and other unfavorable events for our customers, suppliers, logistics and other service providers and financial institutions that are counterparties to our credit facilities and hedge transactions. these unfavorable events affecting our business partners could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
we have a substantial business presence in europe, including a significant presence in the u.k. and the republic of ireland ("roi"). in june 2016, voters in the u.k. decided by referendum to withdraw from the european union (also known as brexit). the u.k.'s withdrawal from the european union became effective on january 31, 2020. the u.k. and the european union negotiated a trade and cooperation agreement ("tca") to govern the new relationship, which became effective on january 1, 2021. following the adoption of the tca, duties have increased on some of the products we import into the u.k., and we have observed shipment delays, particularly with respect to the products we supply to our business in the roi. while the extent and impact of these issues is not clear at this point, they could have adverse impacts on our business. notwithstanding the tca, there continues to be uncertainty regarding the effects of brexit on our u.k. and european businesses, including with respect to tariffs or trade sanctions on goods moving between the jurisdictions, increased administrative burdens, fluctuations in exchange rates, disruptions in access to markets by u.k. and roi companies, and disagreements about the interpretation of the tca.
the widespread use of social media platforms has increased the speed and scope that information or misinformation about us can be disseminated and could hamper our ability to correct misrepresentations or to otherwise respond effectively to negative publicity. negative posts about us, our employees, our business practices, or our products or services, whether or not valid, could seriously damage our brands and reputation.
we face competition from local, national, international, and internet-based vehicle products providers, and this competition could negatively affect our business.
the vehicle replacement products industry and vehicle accessory parts industry are highly competitive and are served by numerous suppliers of oem, recycled, aftermarket, refurbished and remanufactured products. within each of these categories of suppliers, there are local owner-operated companies, larger regional suppliers, national and international providers, and internet-based suppliers and distributors. providers of vehicle replacement and accessory products that have traditionally sold only certain categories of such products may decide to expand their product offerings into other categories of vehicle products, which may further increase competition. some of our current and potential competitors may have more operational expertise; greater financial, technical, manufacturing, distribution, and other resources; longer operating histories; lower cost structures; and better relationships in the insurance and vehicle repair industries or with consumers, than we do. business transacted on online marketplaces has been increasing, which presents additional competitive pressures on us; in addition, facilitators of these online marketplaces control access to this channel and may prohibit us from participating for various reasons.
in the u.s. and europe, local companies have formed cooperative efforts in an attempt to more efficiently compete against us in all aspects of our business. as a result of these factors, our competitors may be able to provide products that we are unable to supply, provide their products at lower costs, or supply products to customers that we are unable to serve.
we believe that a majority of collision parts by dollar amount are supplied by oems, with the balance being supplied by distributors of alternative aftermarket, recycled, refurbished and remanufactured collision parts like us. the oems are therefore able to exert pricing pressure in the marketplace. we compete with the oems primarily on price and to a lesser extent on service and quality.
from time to time, the oems have engaged in efforts seeking to increase oem market share and to restrict consumers' choice to use recycled or aftermarket parts to repair consumers' vehicles. examples of these efforts include blocking the use of vehicle telematics by the independent repair industry, demanding that suppliers provide certain parts exclusively to the oems, embedding software in certain vehicle parts that prevents them from being recycled and used to repair other vehicles, repair shop certification programs that, in some cases, require the repair shops to use only oem parts, refusing to sell certain oem parts unless the buyer is an oem-certified shop, obtaining patents and trademarks on various subcomponents of vehicles to prohibit the use of an aftermarket part alternative, and price matching and rebate programs on certain aftermarket products. see the risk factor entitled "intellectual property claims relating to aftermarket products could adversely affect our business" for further information about the oem patents and trademarks.
with respect to telematics, vehicles are increasingly being equipped with systems that transmit data to the oems wirelessly regarding, among other items, accident incidents, maintenance requirements, location of the vehicle, identification of the closest dealership, and other statistics about the vehicle and its driving history. to the extent that this data is not shared with alternative suppliers, the oems will have an advantage with respect to such matters as contacting the vehicle driver, recommending repairs and maintenance, and directing the vehicle owner to an affiliated dealership.
the frequency and intensity of these oem efforts has been increasing over time. the growth and effectiveness of these efforts or the introduction of new ones could have a material adverse impact on our business.
we rely upon our customers and insurance companies to promote the usage of alternative parts.
our success depends, in part, on the acceptance and promotion of alternative parts usage by automotive insurance companies and vehicle repair facilities. there can be no assurance that current levels of alternative parts usage will be maintained or will increase in the future.
we rely on business relationships with insurance companies. these insurance companies encourage vehicle repair facilities to use products we provide. the business relationships include in some cases participation in aftermarket quality and service assurance programs that may result in a higher usage of our aftermarket products than would be the case without the programs. our arrangements with these companies may be terminated by them at any time, including in connection with their own business concerns relating to the offering, availability, standards or operations of the aftermarket quality and service assurance programs. we rely on these relationships for sales to some collision repair shops, and a termination of these relationships may result in a loss of sales, which could adversely affect our results of operations.
in an illinois lawsuit involving state farm mutual automobile insurance company ("avery v. state farm"), a jury decided in october 1999 that state farm breached certain insurance contracts with its policyholders by using non-oem replacement products to repair damaged vehicles when use of such products did not restore the vehicle to its "pre-loss condition." the jury found that state farm misled its customers by not disclosing the use of non-oem replacement products and the alleged inferiority of those products. damages in excess of $1 billion were assessed against state farm. in august 2005, the illinois supreme court reversed the awards made by the lower courts and found, among other things, that the plaintiffs had failed to establish any breach of contract by state farm. the plaintiffs filed a subsequent claim alleging that state farm improperly influenced one of the justices on the illinois supreme court. prior to trial on the subsequent claim, the parties settled the case; as part of the settlement, state farm paid the plaintiffs $250 million. as a result of this case, some insurance companies reduced or eliminated their use of aftermarket products. our financial results could be adversely affected if insurance companies modified or terminated the arrangements pursuant to which repair shops buy aftermarket or recycled products from us due to a fear of similar claims.
in addition, to the extent that the collision repair industry continues to consolidate, the buying power of collision repair shop customers may further increase, putting additional pressure on our financial returns.
intellectual property claims relating to aftermarket products could adversely affect our business.
oems and others have attempted to use claims of intellectual property infringement against manufacturers and distributors of aftermarket products to restrict or eliminate the sale of aftermarket products that are the subject of the claims. oems have brought such claims in federal court and with the u.s. international trade commission. in some cases, we have entered into patent license agreements with oems that allow us to sell aftermarket parts that replicate the patented parts in exchange for a royalty and otherwise in accordance with the terms of the agreements.
to the extent oems and other manufacturers obtain design patents or trademarks and are successful in asserting claims of infringement of these patents or trademarks against us, we could be restricted or prohibited from selling certain aftermarket products, which could have an adverse effect on our business. in the event that our license agreements, or other similar license arrangements with oems or others, are terminated or we are unable to agree upon renewal terms, we may be subject to costs and uncertainties of litigation as well as restrictions on our ability to sell aftermarket parts that replicate parts covered by those design patents or trademarks. we have filed, and may file in the future, challenges to oem patents, including patents owned by oems with which we have patent license agreements. we also may file challenges to oem trademarks. to the extent oems are successful in defending their patents or trademarks, we could be restricted or prohibited from selling the corresponding aftermarket products, which could have an adverse effect on our business. also, we will likely incur expenses investigating, pursuing and defending intellectual property claims.
u.s. customs and border protection has taken the position that certain of our aftermarket parts infringe certain oem trademarks and seized our aftermarket parts as we attempted to import them into the u.s. we incur costs and expenses attempting to convince customs and border protection to release the seized goods and in litigation where we seek a determination of non-infringement. in the event we are unsuccessful in obtaining their release, such goods may be subject to forfeiture and other penalties.
aftermarket products certifying organizations may revoke the certification of parts that are the subject of the intellectual property disputes. lack of certification may negatively impact us because many major insurance companies recommend or require the use of aftermarket products only if they have been certified by an independent certifying organization.
if the number of vehicles involved in accidents declines or the number of cars being repaired declines, or the mix of the types of vehicles in the overall vehicle population changes, our business could suffer.
our business depends on vehicle accidents, mechanical failures and routine maintenance for both the demand for repairs using our products and the supply of recycled, remanufactured and refurbished parts. to the extent that a relatively higher percentage of damaged vehicles are declared total losses, there will be less demand for our products to repair such vehicles. in addition, our business is impacted by factors that influence the number and/or severity of accidents and mechanical failures including, but not limited to, the number of vehicles on the road, the number of miles driven, the ages of drivers, the occurrence and severity of certain weather conditions, the congestion of traffic, drivers distracted by electronic equipment, the use of alcohol or drugs by drivers, the usage rate and effectiveness of accident avoidance systems in new vehicles, the reliability of new oem parts, and the condition of roadways. for example, an increase in the acceptance of ride-sharing could reduce the number of vehicles on the road. additionally, an increase in fuel prices may cause the number of vehicles on the road, the number of miles driven, and the need for mechanical repairs and maintenance to decline, as motorists seek alternative transportation options. mild weather conditions, particularly during winter months, tend to result in a decrease in vehicle accidents. moreover, legislation banning the use of handheld cellular telephones or other electronic devices while driving could lead to a decline in accidents.
systems designed to minimize accident frequency and severity are becoming more prevalent and more technologically sophisticated. to the extent oems install or are mandated by law to install accident avoidance systems in their vehicles, the number and severity of accidents could decrease, which could have a material adverse effect on our business.
the average number of new vehicles sold annually has fluctuated from year-to-year.  periods of decreased sales could result in a reduction in the number of vehicles on the road and consequently fewer vehicles involved in accidents or in need of mechanical repair or maintenance. substantial further declines in automotive sales in the future could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and/or financial condition. in addition, if vehicle population trends result in a disproportionately high number of older vehicles on the road, insurance companies may find it uneconomical to repair such vehicles or there could be less costly repairs. if vehicle population trends result in a disproportionately high number of newer vehicles on the road, the demand generally for mechanical repairs and maintenance would likely decline due to the newer, longer-lasting parts in the vehicle population and mechanical failures being covered by oem warranties for the first years of a vehicle's life. moreover, alternative collision and mechanical parts are less likely to be used on newer vehicles. our specialty segment depends on sales of pickup trucks, sport utility vehicles, crossover utility vehicles, high performance vehicles and recreational vehicles; any reduction in the number of such vehicles in operation will adversely affect demand for our specialty products.
electric vehicles do not have traditional engines, transmissions, and certain related parts. engines and transmissions represent some of our largest revenue generating skus in north america, and parts for engines and transmissions represent a significant amount of the revenue of our european operations. thus, an increase in electric vehicles as a percentage of vehicles sold could have a negative impact on our sales of engines, transmissions, and other related parts.
fluctuations in the prices of metals and other commodities could adversely affect our financial results.
our recycling operations generate scrap metal and precious metals (such as platinum, palladium, and rhodium) as well as other metals that we sell. after we dismantle a salvage vehicle for wholesale parts and after vehicles have been processed in our self service retail business, the remaining vehicle hulks are sold to scrap processors and other remaining metals are sold to processors and brokers of metals. in addition, we receive "crush only" vehicles or vehicles to be further processed from other companies, including oems, which we dismantle and which generate scrap metal and other metals, in accordance with the guidelines of our agreements with the providing company. the prices of scrap and other metals have historically fluctuated, sometimes significantly, due to market factors. in addition, buyers may stop purchasing metals entirely due to excess supply. to the extent that the prices of metals decrease materially or buyers stop purchasing metals, our revenue from such sales will suffer and a write-down of our inventory value could be required. for example, in 2018 china imposed stringent purity restrictions on the importation of various types of solid waste allegedly in an effort to reduce environmental pollution.
the cost of our wholesale recycled and our self service retail inventory purchases will change as a result of fluctuating scrap metal and other metals prices. in a period of falling metal prices, there can be no assurance that our inventory purchasing cost will decrease the same amount or at the same rate as the scrap metal and other metals prices decline, and there may be a delay between the scrap metal and other metals price reductions and any inventory cost reductions. the prices of steel, aluminum, and plastics are components of the cost to manufacture products for our aftermarket business. if the prices of commodities rise and result in higher costs to us for products we sell, we may not be able to pass these higher costs on to our customers.
an adverse change in our relationships with our suppliers, disruption to our supply of inventory, or the misconduct, performance failures or negligence of our third party vendors or service providers could increase our expenses, impede our ability to serve our customers, or expose us to liability.
our north american business is dependent on a relatively small number of suppliers of aftermarket products, a large portion of which are sourced from taiwan. our european business also acquires product from asian sources. we incur substantial freight costs to import parts from our suppliers, many of which are located in asia. if the cost of freight rose, we might not be able to pass the cost increases on to our customers. furthermore, although alternative suppliers exist for substantially all aftermarket products distributed by us, the loss of any one supplier could have a material adverse effect on us until alternative suppliers are located and have commenced manufacturing and providing the relevant products. in addition, we are subject to disruptions from work stoppages and other labor disputes at port facilities through which we import our inventory. we also face the risk that our suppliers could attempt to circumvent us and sell their product directly to our customers; consolidation of our suppliers could enhance their ability to distribute products through additional sales channels and thus decrease their reliance on wholesale distributors like us.
moreover, our operations are subject to the customary risks of doing business abroad, including, among other things, natural disasters, transportation costs and delays, political instability, currency fluctuations and the imposition of tariffs, import and export controls and other non-tariff barriers (including changes in the allocation of quotas), as well as the uncertainty regarding future relations between china, japan and taiwan. for example, u.s. customs and border protection have used claims of intellectual property infringement to seize certain of our aftermarket parts as we attempted to import them into the u.s.
because a substantial volume of our sales involves products manufactured from sheet metal, we can be adversely impacted if sheet metal becomes unavailable or is only available at higher prices, which we may not be able to pass on to our customers. additionally, as oems convert to raw materials other than steel, it may be more difficult or expensive to source aftermarket parts made with such materials, and it may be more difficult for repair shops to work with such materials in the repair process.
most of our salvage and a portion of our self service inventory is obtained from vehicles offered at salvage auctions operated by several companies that own auction facilities in numerous locations across the u.s. we do not typically have contracts with the auction companies. according to industry analysts, a small number of companies control a large percentage of the salvage auction market in the u.s. if an auction company prohibited us from participating in its auctions, began competing with us, or significantly raised its fees, our business could be adversely affected through higher costs or the resulting potential inability to service our customers. moreover, we face competition in the purchase of vehicles from direct competitors, rebuilders, exporters and other bidders. to the extent that the number of bidders increases, it may have the effect of increasing our cost of goods sold for wholesale recycled products. some states regulate bidders to help ensure that salvage vehicles are purchased for legal purposes by qualified buyers. auction companies have been actively seeking to reduce, circumvent or eliminate these regulations, which would further increase the number of bidders.
in addition, there is a limited supply of salvage vehicles in the u.s., and thus the costs to us of these vehicles could increase over time. in some states, when a vehicle is deemed a total loss, a salvage title is issued. whether states issue salvage titles is important to the supply of inventory for the vehicle recycling industry because an increase in vehicles that qualify as salvage vehicles provides greater availability and typically lowers the price of such vehicles. currently, these titling issues are a matter of state law. in 1992, the u.s. congress commissioned an advisory committee to study problems relating to vehicle titling, registration, and salvage. since then, legislation has been introduced seeking to establish national uniform requirements in this area, including a uniform definition of a salvage vehicle. the vehicle recycling industry will generally favor a uniform definition, since it will avoid inconsistencies across state lines, and will generally favor a definition that expands the number of damaged vehicles that qualify as salvage. however, certain interest groups, including repair shops and some insurance associations, may oppose this type of legislation. national legislation has not yet been enacted in this area, and there can be no assurance that such legislation will be enacted in the future.
we also acquire inventory directly from insurance companies, oems, and others. to the extent that these suppliers decide to discontinue these arrangements, our business could be adversely affected through higher costs or the resulting potential inability to service our customers.
in europe, we acquire products from a wide variety of suppliers. as vehicle technology changes, some parts will become more complex and the design or technology of those parts may be covered by patents or other rights that make it difficult for aftermarket suppliers to produce for sale to companies such as ours. the complexity of the parts may include software or other technical aspects that make it difficult to identify what is wrong with the vehicle. more complex parts may be difficult to repair and may require expensive or difficult to obtain software updates, limiting our ability to compete with the oems.
we rely on third parties to provide products and services that are integral to our operations. if we fail to adequately assess, monitor and regulate the performance of our third party vendors and service providers, we could be subject to additional risk caused by the misconduct, performance failures or negligence of these third parties. for example, these could include violations of, or noncompliance with, laws and/or regulations governing our business (including, but not limited to, bribery, cybersecurity or privacy laws), which could lead to sanctions and/or fines from governmental agencies. our arrangements with third party vendors and service providers may cause us financial and reputational harm if those third parties fail to satisfy their obligations to us, including their obligations to maintain and protect the security and confidentiality of our information and data or the information and data relating to our customers. further, noncompliance with contract terms by our third party vendors or service providers could expose us to liability to other third parties or our employees.
if we determine that our goodwill or other intangible assets have become impaired, we may incur significant charges to our pre-tax income.
goodwill represents the excess of cost over the fair market value of net assets acquired in business combinations. in the future, our goodwill and intangible assets may increase as a result of acquisitions. goodwill is reviewed at least annually for impairment. impairment may result from, among other things, deterioration in the performance of acquired businesses, deterioration of expected future cash flows or performance, increases in our cost of capital, adverse market conditions, and adverse changes in applicable laws or regulations, including modifications that restrict the activities of the acquired business. as of december 31, 2020, our total goodwill subject to future impairment testing was $4.6 billion. for further discussion of our annual impairment test, see "goodwill impairment" in the critical accounting policies and estimates section of item 7 in this annual report on form 10-k.
except for indefinite-lived intangibles, we amortize other intangible assets over the assigned useful lives, each of which is based upon the expected period to be benefited. we review indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment annually or sooner if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. we review finite-lived intangible assets for possible impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. in the event conditions change that affect our ability to realize the underlying cash flows associated with our intangible assets, we may record an impairment charge. as of december 31, 2020, the value of our other intangible assets, net of accumulated amortization, was $814 million.
we could be subject to product liability claims and involved in product recalls.
if customers of repair shops that purchase our products are injured or suffer property damage, we could be subject to product liability claims by such customers. the successful assertion of this type of claim could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.  in addition, we may become involved in the recall of a product that is determined to be defective. more generally, a recall involving alternative parts, even if we did not sell the recalled products, could adversely affect the perceived quality of alternative parts, leading to decreased usage of alternative parts. the expenses of a recall and the damage to our reputation, or the reputation of alternative parts generally, could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.
we have agreed to defend and indemnify in certain circumstances insurance companies and customers against claims and damages relating to product liability and product recalls. the existence of claims or damages for which we must defend and indemnify these parties could also negatively impact our business, results of operations or financial condition.
we may not be able to successfully acquire new businesses or integrate acquisitions, and we may not be able to successfully divest certain businesses.
we may not be able to successfully complete potential strategic acquisitions if we cannot reach agreement on acceptable terms, if we do not obtain required antitrust or other regulatory approvals, or for other reasons. moreover, we may not be able to identify acquisition candidates at reasonable prices and/or be able to successfully integrate acquisitions.
if we buy a company or a division of a company, we may experience difficulty integrating that company's or division's personnel and operations, which could negatively affect our operating results. in addition:
•the key personnel of the acquired company may decide not to work for us;
•customers of the acquired company may decide not to purchase products from us;
•suppliers of the acquired company may decide not to sell products to us;
•we may experience business disruptions as a result of information technology systems conversions;
•we may experience additional financial and accounting challenges and complexities in areas such as tax planning, treasury management, and financial reporting;
•we may be held liable for environmental, tax or other risks and liabilities as a result of our acquisitions, some of which we may not have discovered during our due diligence;
•we may intentionally assume the liabilities of the companies we acquire, which could result in material adverse effects on our business;
•our existing business may be disrupted or receive insufficient management attention;
•we may not be able to realize the cost savings or other financial benefits we anticipated, either in the amount or in the time frame that we expect; and
•we may incur debt or issue equity securities to pay for any future acquisition, the issuance of which could involve the imposition of restrictive covenants or be dilutive to our existing stockholders.
for example, we have undertaken the 1 lkq europe program to create structural centralization and standardization of key functions to facilitate the operation of the europe segment as a single business; this program will present a number of execution challenges. the covid-19 pandemic has also impacted certain 1 lkq europe initiatives resulting in minor delays of certain initiatives.
in addition to acquisitions, we have divested, and will continue to divest, certain businesses that do not meet our performance standards. as a result of a divestment, we may not recover the carrying value of our investment in the divested business; in addition, such divestment transactions require significant management time and attention.
risks relating to our financial structure we have a substantial amount of indebtedness, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and our ability to obtain financing in the future and to react to changes in our business.
as of december 31, 2020, we had approximately $967 million aggregate principal amount of secured debt outstanding and approximately $2.4 billion of availability under our credit agreement ($2.5 billion of availability reduced by $71 million of amounts outstanding under letters of credit). in addition, we had approximately $1.8 billion aggregate principal amount of unsecured debt outstanding comprised of €500 million ($611 million) aggregate principal amount of 3.875% senior notes due april 1, 2024 (the "euro notes (2024)"), and €1.0 billion ($1.2 billion) aggregate principal amount consisting of €750 million of 3.625% senior notes due 2026 (the "euro notes (2026)") and €250 million of 4.125% senior notes due 2028 (the "euro notes (2028)," together with the 2026 notes, the "euro notes (2026/28)," and together with the euro notes (2024), and euro notes (2026), the "senior notes"). borrowings under the credit agreement mature in january 2024.
our significant amount of debt and our debt service obligations could limit our ability to satisfy our obligations, limit our ability to operate our business and impair our competitive position.
for example, our debt and our debt service obligations could:
•increase our vulnerability to adverse economic and general industry conditions, including interest rate fluctuations, because a portion of our borrowings are and will continue to be at variable rates of interest;
•require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our debt, which would reduce the availability of our cash flow from operations to fund working capital, capital expenditures or other general corporate purposes;
•limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and industry;
•place us at a disadvantage compared to competitors that may have proportionately less debt;
•limit our ability to obtain additional debt or equity financing due to applicable financial and restrictive covenants in our debt agreements; and
•increase our cost of borrowing.
in addition, if we or our subsidiaries incur additional debt, the risks associated with our substantial leverage and the ability to service such debt would increase.
our senior notes do not impose any limitations on our ability to incur additional debt or protect against certain other types of transactions.
although we are subject to our credit agreement for so long as it remains in effect, the indentures governing the senior notes do not restrict the future incurrence of unsecured indebtedness, guarantees or other obligations. the indentures contain certain limitations on our ability to incur liens on assets and engage in sale and leaseback transactions. however, these limitations are subject to important exceptions. in addition, the indentures do not contain many other restrictions, including certain restrictions contained in our credit agreement, including, without limitation, making investments, prepaying subordinated indebtedness or engaging in transactions with our affiliates.
our credit agreement will permit, subject to specified conditions and limitations, the incurrence of a significant amount of additional indebtedness under the existing agreement. as of december 31, 2020, we would have been able to incur an additional $2.4 billion of indebtedness under our credit agreement ($2.5 billion of availability reduced by $71 million of amounts outstanding under letters of credit). if we or our subsidiaries incur additional debt, the risks associated with our substantial leverage and the need to service such debt would increase.
our credit agreement imposes operating and financial restrictions on us and our subsidiaries, which may prevent us from capitalizing on business opportunities.
our credit agreement imposes operating and financial restrictions on us. these restrictions may limit our ability, among other things, to:
•incur, assume or permit to exist additional indebtedness (including guarantees thereof) outside of our credit agreement;
•pay dividends or make certain other distributions on our capital stock or repurchase our capital stock or prepay subordinated indebtedness;
•incur liens on assets;
•make certain investments or other restricted payments;
•engage in transactions with affiliates;
•sell certain assets or merge or consolidate with or into other companies;
•guarantee indebtedness; and
•alter the business we conduct.
as a result of these covenants and restrictions, we may be limited in how we conduct our business and we may be unable to raise additional debt or equity financing to compete effectively or to take advantage of new business opportunities. the terms of any future indebtedness we may incur could include more restrictive covenants. we cannot assure you that we will be able to maintain compliance with these covenants in the future and, if we fail to do so, that we will be able to obtain waivers from the lenders and/or amend the covenants. the failure to comply with any of these covenants would cause a default under the credit agreement. a default, if not waived, could result in acceleration of our debt, in which case the debt would become immediately due and payable. if this occurs, we may not be able to repay our debt or borrow sufficient funds to refinance it. even if new financing were available, it may be on terms that are less attractive to us than our existing credit facilities or it may be on terms that are not acceptable to us.
we may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service all of our indebtedness, and may be forced to take other actions to satisfy our obligations under our indebtedness, which may not be successful.
our ability to make scheduled payments on or to refinance our debt obligations depends on our financial condition and operating performance, which are subject to prevailing economic and competitive conditions and to certain financial, business and other factors beyond our control. we cannot assure you that we will maintain a level of cash flows from operating activities sufficient to permit us to pay the principal, premium, if any, and interest on our indebtedness. if our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to fund our debt service obligations, we may be forced to reduce or delay investments and capital expenditures, or to sell assets, seek additional capital or restructure or refinance our indebtedness. these alternative measures may not be successful and may not permit us to meet our scheduled debt service obligations. if our operating results and available cash are insufficient to meet our debt service obligations, we could face substantial liquidity problems and might be required to dispose of material assets or operations to meet our debt service and other obligations. we may not be able to consummate those dispositions or to obtain the proceeds that we hope to realize from them, and these proceeds may not be adequate to meet any debt service obligations then due. any future refinancing of our indebtedness could be at higher interest rates and may require us to comply with more onerous covenants which could further restrict our business operations. additionally, our credit agreement and the indentures that govern our senior notes limit the use of the proceeds from certain dispositions of our assets; as a result, our credit agreement and our senior notes may prevent us from using the proceeds from such dispositions to satisfy all of our debt service obligations.
our future capital needs may require that we seek to refinance our debt or obtain additional debt or equity financing, events that could have a negative effect on our business.
we may need to raise additional funds in the future to, among other things, refinance existing debt, fund our existing operations, improve or expand our operations, respond to competitive pressures, or make acquisitions. from time to time, we may raise additional funds through public or private financing, strategic alliances, or other arrangements. funds may not be available or available on terms acceptable to us as a result of different factors, including but not limited to turmoil in the credit markets that results in the tightening of credit conditions and current or future regulations applicable to the financial institutions from which we seek financing. if adequate funds are not available on acceptable terms, we may be unable to meet our business or strategic objectives or compete effectively. if we raise additional funds by issuing equity securities, stockholders may experience dilution of their ownership interests, and the newly issued securities may have rights superior to those of our common stock. if we raise additional funds by issuing debt, we may be subject to higher borrowing costs and further limitations on our operations. if we refinance or restructure our debt, we may incur charges to write off the unamortized portion of deferred debt issuance costs from a previous financing, or we may incur charges related to hedge ineffectiveness from our interest rate swap obligations. there are restrictions in the indenture that governs the euro notes (2024), euro notes (2026) and euro notes (2028) on our ability to refinance such notes prior to january 1, 2024, april 1, 2021, and april 1, 2023, respectively. we could refinance the notes through open market purchases, subject to a limitation in our credit agreement on the amount of such purchases. if we fail to raise capital when needed, our business may be negatively affected.
our variable rate indebtedness subjects us to interest rate risk, which could cause our indebtedness service obligations to increase significantly and could affect the value of our senior notes.
certain borrowings under our credit agreement and the borrowing under our accounts receivable securitization facility are at variable rates of interest and expose us to interest rate risk. if interest rates increase, our debt service obligations on the variable rate indebtedness would increase even though the amount borrowed remained the same, and our net income and cash flows, including cash available for servicing our indebtedness, would correspondingly decrease. moreover, changes in market interest rates could affect the trading value of the senior notes. certain of our variable rate debt, including our revolving credit facility, currently uses the london interbank offered rate ("libor") as a benchmark for establishing the interest rate. libor is the subject of proposals for reform. these reforms and other pressures may cause libor to disappear entirely, potentially as soon as the end of 2021, or to perform differently than in the past. the consequences of these developments with respect to libor cannot be entirely predicted but could result in an increase in the cost of our variable rate debt.
repayment of our indebtedness, including our senior notes, is dependent on cash flow generated by our subsidiaries.
we are a holding company and repayment of our senior notes will be dependent upon cash flow generated by our subsidiaries and their ability to make such cash available to us, by dividend, debt repayment or otherwise. unless they are borrowers or guarantors of the indebtedness, our subsidiaries do not have any obligation to pay amounts due on the indebtedness or to make funds available for that purpose. our subsidiaries may not be able to, or be permitted to, make distributions to enable us to make payments in respect of our indebtedness, including the senior notes. each of our subsidiaries is a distinct legal entity and, under certain circumstances, legal and contractual restrictions may limit our ability to obtain cash from our subsidiaries and, under certain circumstances, distributions from our subsidiaries may be subject to taxes that reduce the amount of such distributions available to us. while the indentures governing the senior notes limit the ability of our subsidiaries to restrict the payment of dividends or to restrict other intercompany payments to us, these limitations are subject to certain qualifications and exceptions. in the event that we do not receive distributions from our subsidiaries, we may be unable to make required principal and interest payments on our indebtedness, including the senior notes.
a downgrade in our credit rating would impact our cost of capital and could impact the market value of our senior notes.
credit ratings have an important effect on our cost of capital. credit rating agencies rate our debt securities on factors that include, among other items, our results of operations, business decisions that we make, their view of the general outlook for our industry, and their view of the general outlook for the economy. actions taken by the rating agencies can include maintaining, upgrading, or downgrading the current rating or placing us on a watch list for possible future downgrading. we believe our current credit ratings enhance our ability to borrow funds at favorable rates.  a downgrade in our current credit rating from a rating agency could adversely affect our cost of capital by causing us to pay a higher interest rate on borrowed funds under our credit facilities. a downgrade could also adversely affect the market price and/or liquidity of our senior notes, preventing a holder from selling the senior notes at a favorable price, as well as adversely affecting our ability to issue new notes in the future or incur other indebtedness upon favorable terms.
the right to receive payments on the senior notes is effectively junior to those lenders who have a security interest in our assets.
our obligations under our senior notes and our guarantors' obligations under their guarantees of the senior notes are unsecured, but our and each co-borrower's obligations under our credit agreement and each guarantor's obligations under their respective guarantees of the credit agreement are secured by a security interest in substantially all of our domestic tangible and intangible assets, including the stock of most of our wholly-owned united states subsidiaries and the stock of certain of our non-united states subsidiaries. if we are declared bankrupt or insolvent, or if we default under our credit agreement, the lenders could declare all of the funds borrowed thereunder, together with accrued interest, immediately due and payable. if we were unable to repay such indebtedness, the lenders could foreclose on the pledged assets to the exclusion of holders of our senior notes, even if an event of default exists under the applicable indenture governing the senior notes. furthermore, if the lenders foreclose and sell the pledged equity interests in any subsidiary guarantor under our senior notes, then that guarantor will be released from its guarantee of the senior notes automatically and immediately upon such sale. in any such event, because the senior notes are not secured by any of our assets or the equity interests in subsidiary guarantors, it is possible that there would be no assets remaining from which claims by holders of the senior notes could be satisfied or, if any assets remained, they might be insufficient to satisfy claims fully. as of december 31, 2020, we had approximately $967 million aggregate principal amount of secured debt outstanding and approximately $2.4 billion of availability under our credit agreement ($2.5 billion of availability reduced by $71 million of amounts outstanding under letters of credit).
united states federal and state statutes allow courts, under specific circumstances, to void the senior notes and the guarantees, subordinate claims in respect of the senior notes and the guarantees, and require holders of the senior notes to return payments received from us or the guarantors.
our direct and indirect domestic subsidiaries that are obligors under the credit agreement guarantee the obligations under our senior notes. in addition, certain subsidiaries of the issuer of the euro notes (2024) guarantee the obligations under the euro notes (2024). the issuance of our senior notes and the issuance of the guarantees by the guarantors may be subject to review under state and federal laws if a bankruptcy, liquidation or reorganization case or a lawsuit, including in circumstances in which bankruptcy is not involved, were commenced at some future date by, or on behalf of, our unpaid creditors or the unpaid creditors of a guarantor. under the federal bankruptcy laws of the united states and comparable provisions of state fraudulent transfer laws, a court may avoid or otherwise decline to enforce the senior notes, or a guarantor's guarantee, or may subordinate the senior notes, or such guarantee, to our or the applicable guarantor's existing and future indebtedness. while the relevant laws may vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, a court might do so if it found that when indebtedness under the senior notes was issued, or when the applicable guarantor entered into its guarantee, or, in some jurisdictions, when payments became due under the senior notes, or such guarantee, the issuer or the applicable guarantor received less than reasonably equivalent value or fair consideration and:
•was insolvent or rendered insolvent by reason of such incurrence;
•was engaged in a business or transaction for which its remaining assets constituted unreasonably small capital; or
•intended to incur, or believed that it would incur, debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they mature.
a court would likely find that we or a guarantor did not receive reasonably equivalent value or fair consideration for the senior notes or such guarantee if we or such guarantor did not substantially benefit directly or indirectly from the issuance of the senior notes. thus, if the guarantees were legally challenged, any guarantee could be subject to the claim that, since the guarantee was incurred for our benefit, and only indirectly for the benefit of the guarantor, the obligations of the applicable guarantor were incurred for less than reasonably equivalent value or fair consideration. if a court were to void the issuance of the senior notes or any guarantee, a holder of the senior notes would no longer have any claim against us or the applicable guarantor. in the event of a finding that a fraudulent transfer or conveyance occurred, a holder of the senior notes may not receive any repayment on the senior notes. further, the avoidance of the senior notes could result in an event of default with respect to our and our subsidiaries' other debt, which could result in acceleration of that debt. the measures of insolvency for purposes of these fraudulent transfer laws vary depending upon the law applied in any proceeding to determine whether a fraudulent transfer has occurred. generally, however, an issuer or a guarantor, as applicable, would be considered insolvent if:
•the sum of its debts, including contingent liabilities, was greater than the fair value of its assets;
•the present fair saleable value of its assets was less than the amount that would be required to pay its probable liability on its existing debts, including contingent liabilities, as they become absolute and mature; or
•it could not pay its debts as they become due.
a court might also void the senior notes, or a guarantee, without regard to the above factors, if the court found that the senior notes were incurred or issued or the applicable guarantor entered into its guarantee with actual intent to hinder, delay or defraud its creditors. we cannot give any assurance as to what standard a court would apply in determining whether we or the guarantors were solvent at the relevant time or that a court would agree with our conclusions in this regard, or, regardless of the standard that a court uses, that it would not determine that we or a guarantor were indeed insolvent on that date; that any payments to the holders of the senior notes (including under the guarantees) did not constitute preferences, fraudulent transfers or conveyances on other grounds; or that the issuance of the senior notes and the guarantees would not be subordinated to our or any guarantor's other debt. in addition, any payment by us or a guarantor pursuant to the senior notes, or its guarantee, could be avoided and required to be returned to us or such guarantor or to a fund for the benefit of our or such guarantor's creditors, and accordingly the court might direct holders of the senior notes to repay any amounts already received from us or such guarantor. among other things, under u.s. bankruptcy law, any payment by us pursuant to the senior notes or by a guarantor under a guarantee made at a time we or such guarantor were found to be insolvent could be voided and required to be returned to us or such guarantor or to a fund for the benefit of our or such guarantor's creditors if such payment is made to an insider within a one-year period prior to a bankruptcy filing or within 90 days for any outside party and such payment would give such insider or outsider party more than such party would have received in a distribution under the bankruptcy code in a hypothetical chapter 7 case. although each guarantee contains a "savings clause" intended to limit the subsidiary guarantor's liability to the maximum amount that it could incur without causing the incurrence of obligations under its subsidiary guarantee to be a fraudulent transfer, this provision may not be effective as a legal matter to protect any subsidiary guarantees from being avoided under fraudulent transfer law. in that regard, in official committee of unsecured creditors of tousa, inc. v citicorp north america, inc., the united states bankruptcy court in the southern district of florida held that a savings clause similar to the savings clause included in our indentures was unenforceable. as a result, the subsidiary guarantees were found to be fraudulent conveyances. the united states court of appeals for the eleventh circuit subsequently affirmed the liability findings of the bankruptcy court without ruling directly on the enforceability of savings clauses generally. if the decision of the bankruptcy court in tousa were followed by other courts, the risk that the guarantees would be deemed fraudulent conveyances would be significantly increased.
to the extent a court avoids the senior notes or any of the guarantees as fraudulent transfers or holds the senior notes or any of the guarantees unenforceable for any other reason, the holders of the senior notes would cease to have any direct claim against us or the applicable guarantor. if a court were to take this action, our or the applicable guarantor's assets would be applied first to satisfy our or the applicable guarantor's other liabilities, if any, and might not be applied to the payment of the senior notes. sufficient funds to repay the senior notes may not be available from other sources, including the remaining guarantors, if any. in addition, the euro notes (2024) and the related guarantees may be subject to avoidance under the laws of foreign jurisdictions, including italy and czech republic, to the extent that we, the issuer of the euro notes (2024), or any of the guarantors (as applicable) were to be the subject of an insolvency or related proceeding in such jurisdiction(s).
not all of our subsidiaries have guaranteed our credit agreement or our senior notes, and the assets of our non-guarantor subsidiaries may not be available to make payments on such obligations.
not all of our subsidiaries have guaranteed the credit agreement, euro notes (2024), euro notes (2026), and euro notes (2028). in the event that any non-guarantor subsidiary becomes insolvent, liquidates, reorganizes, dissolves or otherwise winds up, holders of its indebtedness and its trade creditors generally will be entitled to payment on their claims from the assets of that subsidiary before any of those assets are made available to the lenders under the credit agreement or the holders of the senior notes. consequently, claims in respect of the credit agreement and the senior notes are structurally subordinated to all of the liabilities of our subsidiaries that are not guarantors of such instruments, including trade payables, and any claims of third party holders of preferred equity interests, if any, in our non-guarantor subsidiaries. as of the most recent practicable date, our subsidiaries that are not borrowers under or do not guarantee the credit agreement represented approximately 50% and 24% of our total revenue and operating income, respectively. in addition, these non-guarantor subsidiaries represented approximately 55% and 60% of our total assets and total liabilities, respectively (excluding, in each case, intercompany amounts). as of the most recent practicable date, our subsidiaries that do not guarantee the credit agreement had approximately $1.9 billion of outstanding indebtedness. the group of subsidiaries that does not guarantee the euro notes (2024) is substantially similar to the group that does not guarantee the euro notes (2026) and euro notes (2028), except that, in addition to the issuer of the euro notes (2024), there are four subsidiaries in the group that do not guarantee the euro notes (2026) and euro notes (2028) that guarantee the euro notes (2024).
we may not be able to repurchase the senior notes upon a change of control or pursuant to an asset sale offer.
upon a change of control, as defined in the indentures governing the senior notes, the holders of the senior notes will have the right to require us to offer to purchase all of the senior notes then outstanding at a price equal to 101% of their principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest. such a change of control would also be an event of default under our credit agreement. in order to obtain sufficient funds to pay amounts due under the credit agreement and the purchase price of the outstanding senior notes, we expect that we would have to refinance our indebtedness. we cannot assure you that we would be able to refinance our indebtedness on reasonable terms, if at all. our failure to offer to purchase all outstanding senior notes or to purchase all validly tendered senior notes would be an event of default under the indenture. such an event of default may cause the acceleration of our other debt. our other debt also may contain restrictions or repayment requirements with respect to specified events or transactions that constitute a change of control under the indenture.
the definition of change of control in the indentures governing the senior notes includes a phrase relating to the sale of "all or substantially all" of our assets. there is no precise established definition of the phrase "substantially all" under applicable law. accordingly, the ability of a holder of senior notes to require us to repurchase its senior notes as a result of a sale of less than all our assets to another person may be uncertain.
in addition, in certain circumstances as specified in the indentures governing the senior notes, if we sell certain assets, we will be required to either prepay secured debt of the issuer or guarantors of the senior notes, prepay debt of non-guarantor wholly-owned subsidiaries, reinvest the sale proceeds in other assets or commence an asset sale offer, as defined in the indentures governing the senior notes, pursuant to which we will be obligated to purchase certain senior notes at a price equal to 100% of their principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest with the proceeds we receive from such asset sales. our other debt may contain restrictions that would limit or prohibit us from completing any such asset sale offer. in particular, our credit agreement contains provisions that require us, upon the sale of certain assets, to either apply all of the proceeds from such asset sale to the prepayment of the term loan amounts due under the credit agreement or to reinvest such proceeds in real estate, equipment or tangible assets. if we chose to prepay the term loan obligations instead of reinvesting in assets, the mandatory prepayment obligations under the credit agreement will be effectively senior to our obligations to make an asset sale offer with respect to the senior notes under the terms of the indentures governing the senior notes.
key terms of the senior notes will be suspended if the notes achieve investment grade ratings and no default or event of default has occurred and is continuing.
many of the covenants in the indentures governing the senior notes will be suspended if the senior notes are rated investment grade by standard & poor's and moody's provided at such time no default or event of default has occurred and is continuing, including those covenants that restrict, among other things, our ability to pay dividends, incur liens and to enter into certain other transactions. there can be no assurance that the senior notes will ever be rated investment grade. however, suspension of these covenants would allow us to engage in certain transactions that would not be permitted while these covenants were in force (although provisions under our other debt, like the credit agreement, may continue to restrict us from engaging in these transactions), and the effects of any such transactions will be permitted to remain in place even if the senior notes are subsequently downgraded below investment grade.
the liquidity and market value of the senior notes may change due to a variety of factors.
the liquidity of any trading market in the senior notes, and the market price quoted for the senior notes, may be adversely affected by changes in the overall market for these types of securities, changes in interest rates, changes in our ratings, and changes in our financial performance or prospects or in the prospects for companies in our industries generally.
legal and regulatory risks existing or new laws and regulations, or changes to enforcement or interpretation of existing laws or regulations, may prohibit, restrict or burden the sale of aftermarket, recycled, refurbished or remanufactured products.
many states have introduced or passed laws that limit the use of aftermarket products in collision repair. these laws include requirements relating to consumer disclosure, vehicle owner's consent regarding the use of aftermarket products in the repair process, and the requirement to have aftermarket products certified by an independent testing organization. additional legislation of this kind may be introduced in the future. if additional laws prohibiting or restricting the use of aftermarket products are passed, it could have an adverse impact on our aftermarket products business.
certain organizations test the quality and safety of vehicle replacement products. if these organizations decide not to test a particular vehicle product, or in the event that such organizations decide that a particular vehicle product does not meet applicable quality or safety standards, we may decide to discontinue sales of such product or insurance companies may decide to discontinue authorization of repairs using such product. such events could adversely affect our business.
some jurisdictions have enacted laws prohibiting or severely restricting the sale of certain recycled products that we provide, such as airbags. in addition, laws relating to the regulation of parts affecting vehicle emissions, such as california's proposition 65, may impact the ability of our specialty segment to sell certain accessory products. these and other jurisdictions could enact similar laws or could prohibit or severely restrict the sale of additional recycled products. the passage of legislation with prohibitions or restrictions that are more severe than current laws could have a material adverse impact on our business. additionally, congress could enact federal legislation restricting the use of aftermarket or recycled automotive products used in the course of vehicle repairs.
the federal trade commission has issued guides that regulate the use of certain terms such as "rebuilt" or "remanufactured" in connection with the sale of automotive parts. restrictions on the products we are able to sell and on the marketing of such products could decrease our revenue and have an adverse effect on our business and operations.
we are subject to environmental regulations and incur costs relating to environmental matters.
we are subject to various environmental protection and health and safety laws and regulations governing, among other things: the emission and discharge of hazardous materials into the ground, air, or water; exposure to hazardous materials; and the generation, handling, storage, use, treatment, identification, transportation, and disposal of industrial by-products, waste water, storm water, and mercury and other hazardous materials. we are also required to obtain environmental permits from governmental authorities for certain of our operations. if we violate or fail to obtain or comply with these laws, regulations, or permits, we could be fined or otherwise sanctioned by regulators or lose our operating permits. we could also become liable if employees or other parties are improperly exposed to hazardous materials. we have an environmental management process designed to facilitate and support our compliance with these requirements; we cannot assure you, however, that we will at all times be in complete compliance with such requirements.
we have made and will continue to make capital and other expenditures relating to environmental matters. although we presently do not expect to incur any capital or other expenditures relating to environmental controls or other environmental matters in amounts that would be material to us, we may be required to make such expenditures in the future.
under certain environmental laws, we could be held responsible for all of the costs relating to any contamination at, or migration to or from, our or our predecessors' past or present facilities and at independent waste disposal sites. these laws often impose liability even if the owner or operator did not know of, or was not responsible for, the release of such hazardous substances. many of our facilities are located on or near properties with a history of industrial use that may have involved hazardous materials. as a result, some of our properties may be contaminated. some environmental laws hold current or previous owners or operators of real property liable for the costs of cleaning up contamination. these environmental laws also impose liability on any person who disposes of, treats, or arranges for the disposal or treatment of hazardous substances, regardless of whether the affected site is owned or operated by such person, and at times can impose liability on companies deemed under law to be a successor to such person. third parties may also make claims against owners or operators of properties, or successors to such owners or operators, for personal injuries and property damage associated with releases of hazardous or toxic substances.
contamination resulting from vehicle recycling processes can include soil and ground water contamination from the release, storage, transportation, or disposal of gasoline, motor oil, antifreeze, transmission fluid, chlorofluorocarbons ("cfcs") from air conditioners, other hazardous materials, or metals such as aluminum, cadmium, chromium, lead, and mercury. contamination from the refurbishment of chrome plated bumpers can occur from the release of the plating material. contamination can migrate on-site or off-site, which can increase the risk, and the amount, of any potential liability.
when we identify a potential material environmental issue during our acquisition due diligence process, we analyze the risks, and, when appropriate, perform further environmental assessment to verify and quantify the extent of the potential contamination. furthermore, where appropriate, we have established financial reserves for certain environmental matters. in the event we discover new information or if laws change, we may incur significant liabilities, which may exceed our reserves.
environmental laws are complex, change frequently, and have tended to become more stringent over time. our costs of complying with current and future environmental and health and safety laws, and our liabilities arising from past or future releases of, or exposure to, hazardous substances, may adversely affect our business, results of operations, or financial condition.
our amended and restated bylaws provide that the courts in the state of delaware are the exclusive forums for substantially all disputes between us and our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders' ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or employees.
our amended and restated bylaws provide that the court of chancery of the state of delaware (or if the court of chancery does not have jurisdiction, another court of the state of delaware, or if no court of the state of delaware has jurisdiction, the federal district court for the district of delaware) shall be the exclusive forum for the following types of actions or proceedings:
•any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf;
•any action asserting a breach of fiduciary duty;
•any action asserting a claim against us arising under the delaware general corporation law, our certificate of incorporation, or our bylaws;
•any action asserting a claim governed by the internal-affairs doctrine; and
•any action to interpret, apply, enforce or determine the validity of our certificate of incorporation or our bylaws.
the choice of forum provision in our bylaws does not apply to claims brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the exchange act or the securities act or any claim with respect to which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction.
although we believe this provision benefits us by providing increased consistency in the application of delaware law in the types of lawsuits to which it applies, the provision may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers due to, among other possible factors, increased costs of such lawsuits and limitations on the ability to bring claims in a judicial forum that the plaintiffs may consider more favorable. alternatively, if a court were to find the choice of forum provision contained in our bylaws to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results.
our effective tax rate could materially increase as a consequence of various factors, including interpretations and administrative guidance in regard to the tax act (defined below), u.s. and/or international tax legislation, mix of earnings by jurisdiction, and u.s. and foreign jurisdictional audits.
we are a u.s. based multinational company subject to income taxes in the u.s. and a number of foreign jurisdictions. therefore, we are subject to changes in tax laws in each of these jurisdictions, including as a result of changes proposed by the new u.s. administration, and such changes could have a material adverse effect on our effective tax rate and cash flows.
on december 22, 2017, the u.s. enacted legislation commonly referred to as the tax cuts and jobs act (the "tax act"). among other things, the tax act reduced the u.s. statutory corporate tax rate from 35% to 21% for tax years beginning after december 31, 2017. additionally, beginning in 2018, the tax act imposed a regime of taxation on foreign subsidiary earnings (global intangible low-taxed income, "gilti") and on certain related party payments (base erosion anti-abuse tax, "beat"). other important changes potentially material to our operations included the full expensing of certain assets placed into service after september 27, 2017, the repeal of the domestic manufacturing deduction, and additional limitations on the deductibility of executive compensation. finally, as part of the transition of u.s. international taxation from a worldwide tax system to a territorial tax system, the tax act imposed a one-time transition tax on the deemed repatriation of historical earnings of foreign subsidiaries as of december 31, 2017.
many non-u.s. jurisdictions are implementing tax legislation based upon recommendations made by the organization for economic co-operation and development in connection with its base erosion and profit shifting study, as well as certain anti-tax-avoidance initiatives advanced by the european commission. the outcome of these legislative developments could have a material adverse effect on our effective tax rate and cash flows.
the tax rates applicable in the jurisdictions within which we operate vary widely. therefore, our effective tax rate may be adversely affected by changes in the mix of our earnings by jurisdiction.
we are also subject to ongoing audits of our income tax returns in various jurisdictions both in the u.s. and internationally. while we believe that our tax positions will be sustained, the outcomes of such audits could result in the assessment of additional taxes, which could adversely impact our cash flows and financial results.
if significant tariffs or other restrictions are placed on products or materials we import or any related counter-measures are taken by countries to which we export products, our revenue and results of operations may be materially harmed.
the u.s. has imposed tariffs on certain materials imported into the u.s. from china and announced additional tariffs on other goods from china and other countries. moreover, counter-measures have been taken by other countries in retaliation for the u.s.-imposed tariffs. the tariffs cover products and materials that we import, and the counter-measures may affect products we export. the effects currently are not material; however, depending on the breadth of products and materials ultimately affected by, and the duration of, the tariffs and countermeasures, our financial results may be materially harmed. in addition, countries may impose other restrictions on the importation of products. for example, in 2018 china imposed stringent purity restrictions on the importation of various types of solid waste allegedly in an effort to reduce environmental pollution.
governmental agencies may refuse to grant or renew our operating licenses and permits our operating subsidiaries in our salvage, self service, and refurbishing operations must obtain licenses and permits from state and local governments to conduct their operations. when we develop or acquire a new facility, we must seek the approval of state and local units of government. governmental agencies may resist the establishment of a vehicle recycling or refurbishing facility in their communities. there can be no assurance that future approvals or transfers will be granted. in addition, there can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain and renew the licenses and permits our operating subsidiaries currently hold.
general risks our key management personnel are important to successfully manage our business and achieve our objectives.
our future success depends in large part upon the leadership and performance of our executive management team and key employees at the operating level. if we lose the services of one or more of our executive officers or key employees, or if one or more of them decides to join a competitor or otherwise compete directly or indirectly with us, we may not be able to successfully manage our business or achieve our business objectives. if we lose the services of any of our key employees at the operating or regional level, we may not be able to replace them with similarly qualified personnel, which could harm our business. in addition, to the extent wage inflation occurs in jurisdictions in which we operate, we may not be able to retain key employees or we may experience increased costs.
we operate in foreign jurisdictions, which exposes us to foreign exchange and other risks.
we have operations in north america, europe and taiwan, and we may expand our operations in the countries in which we do business and into other countries. our foreign operations expose us to additional risks associated with international business, which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and/or financial condition, including import and export requirements and compliance with anti-corruption laws, such as the u.k. bribery act 2010 and the foreign corrupt practices act. we also incur costs in currencies other than our functional currencies in some of the countries in which we operate. we are thus subject to foreign exchange exposure to the extent that we operate in different currencies, as well as exposure to foreign tax and other foreign and domestic laws. in addition, certain countries in which we operate have a higher level of political instability and criminal activity than the u.s. that could affect our operations and the ability to maintain our supply of products.
our business may be adversely affected by union activities and labor and employment laws.
certain of our employees are represented by labor unions and other employee representative bodies and work under collective bargaining or similar agreements, which are subject to periodic renegotiation. from time to time, there have been efforts to organize additional portions of our workforce and those efforts can be expected to continue. in addition, legislators and government agencies could adopt new regulations, or interpret existing regulations in a manner, that could make it significantly easier for unionization efforts to be successful. also, we may in the future be subject to strikes or work stoppages, union and works council campaigns, and other labor disruptions and disputes. additional unionization efforts, new collective bargaining or similar agreements, and work stoppages could materially increase our costs and reduce revenue and could limit our flexibility in terms of work schedules, reductions in force and other operational matters.
we also are subject to laws and regulations that govern such matters as minimum wage, overtime and other working conditions. some of these laws are technical in nature and could be subject to interpretation by government agencies and courts different than our interpretations. efforts to comply with existing laws, changes to such laws and newly-enacted laws may increase our labor costs and limit our flexibility. if we were found not to be in compliance with such laws, we could be subject to fines, penalties and liabilities to our employees or government agencies. in addition, efforts to better protect local markets from foreign workers and decisions of countries to withdraw from treaties and joint economic areas may lead to increased restrictions on the free movement of people and labor and may limit our ability to place key personnel where they could best serve our needs.
we rely on information technology and communication systems in critical areas of our operations and a disruption relating to such technology could harm our business.
in the ordinary course of business, we rely upon information technology networks and systems, some of which are provided by or leased from third parties, to process, transmit and store electronic information and to manage and support a variety of business processes and activities. the secure operation of these information technology networks and the processing and maintenance of this information is critical to our business operations and strategy. despite security measures and business continuity plans, these information technology networks and infrastructure may be vulnerable to damage, disruptions or shutdowns due to attacks by cyber criminals, breaches due to employee error or malfeasance, disruptions during the process of upgrading or replacing computer software or hardware, terminations of business relationships by third party service providers, power outages, computer viruses, telecommunication or utility failures, terrorist acts, natural disasters or other catastrophic events. the occurrence of any of these events involving us or involving the third parties with whom we do business could compromise our or the third parties' networks, and the information stored there could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen. any such access, disclosure or loss of information could result in legal claims or proceedings, disruption to our operations and damage to our reputation, any of which could adversely affect our business. in addition, as security threats continue to evolve, we will likely need to invest additional resources to protect the security of our systems.
in the event that we decide to switch providers or to implement upgrades or replacements to our own systems, we may be unsuccessful in the development of our own systems or we may underestimate the costs and expenses of switching providers or developing and implementing our own systems. also, our revenue may be hampered during the period of implementing an alternative system, which period could extend longer than we anticipated. we are in the midst of a systems conversion project for our european businesses, which will be subject to all of these risks.
the costs of complying with the requirements of laws pertaining to the privacy and security of personal information and the potential liability associated with the failure to comply with such laws could materially adversely affect our business and results of operations.
we collect personally identifiable information ("pii") and other data as part of our business processes and operations. the legislative and regulatory framework relating to privacy and data protection is rapidly evolving worldwide and is likely to remain uncertain for the foreseeable future. this data is subject to a variety of u.s. and international laws and regulations. many foreign countries and governmental bodies, including the european union, canada and other jurisdictions where we conduct business, have laws and regulations concerning the collection and use of pii and other data obtained from their residents or by businesses operating within their jurisdictions that are more restrictive than those in the u.s. additionally, the european union adopted the general data protection regulation ("gdpr") that will impose more stringent data protection requirements for processors and controllers of personal data, including expanded disclosures about how pii is to be used, limitations on retention of pii, mandatory data breach notification requirements, and higher standards for data controllers to demonstrate that they have obtained valid consent for certain data processing activities. the gdpr became effective in may 2018, and there can be no assurance that we have timely implemented all processes required for full compliance with the regulation. the gdpr provides severe penalties for noncompliance. in addition, stricter laws in this area are being enacted in certain states in the u.s. and in other countries, and more jurisdictions are likely to follow this trend.
any inability, or perceived inability, to adequately address privacy and data protection issues, even if unfounded, or comply with applicable laws, regulations, policies, industry standards, contractual obligations or other legal obligations (including at newly-acquired companies) could result in additional cost and liability to us, result in governmental investigations and enforcement actions, give rise to civil litigation, result in damage to our reputation (including the loss of trust by our customers and employees), inhibit sales, and otherwise adversely affect our business. we also may be subject to these adverse effects if other parties with whom we do business, including lenders, suppliers, consultants and advisors, violate applicable laws or contractual obligations or suffer a security breach.
business interruptions in our distribution centers or other facilities may affect our operations, the function of our computer systems, and/or the availability and distribution of merchandise, which may affect our business.
weather, terrorist activities, war or other disasters, or the threat of any of them, may result in the closure of our distribution centers or other facilities or may adversely affect our ability to deliver inventory through our system on a timely basis.  this may affect our ability to serve our customers, resulting in lost sales or a potential loss of customer loyalty.  some of our merchandise is imported from other countries and these goods could become difficult or impossible to bring into the u.s. or into the other countries in which we operate, and we may not be able to obtain such merchandise from other sources at similar prices.  such a disruption in revenue could potentially have a negative impact on our results of operations and financial condition.
if we experience problems with our fleet of trucks and other vehicles, our business could be harmed.
we use a fleet of trucks and other vehicles to deliver the majority of the products we sell. we are subject to the risks associated with providing delivery services, including inclement weather, disruptions in the transportation infrastructure, governmental regulation, availability and price of fuel, liabilities arising from accidents to the extent we are not covered by insurance, and insurance premium increases. in addition, our failure to deliver products in a timely and accurate manner could harm our reputation and brand, which could have a material adverse effect on our business.
we may lose the right to operate at key locations.
we lease most of the properties at which we conduct our businesses. at the end of a lease term, we must negotiate a renewal, exercise a purchase option (to the extent we have that right), or find a new location. there can be no assurance that we will be able to negotiate renewals on terms acceptable to us or that we will find a suitable alternative location, especially with respect to our salvage operations (which have characteristics that are often not attractive to landlords, local governments, or neighbors). in such cases, we may lose the right to operate at key locations.
activist investors could cause us to incur substantial costs, divert management's attention, and have an adverse effect on our business.
we have in the past received, and we may in the future be subject to, proposals by activist investors urging us to take certain corporate actions. activist investor activities could cause our business to be adversely affected because responding to proxy contests and other demands by activist investors can be costly and time-consuming, disrupt our operations, and divert the attention of management and our employees. for example, we have retained, and may in the future be required to retain, the services of various professionals to advise us on activist investor matters, including legal, financial and communications advisors, the costs of which may negatively impact our future financial results. campaigns by activist investors to effect changes at publicly-traded companies are sometimes led by investors seeking to increase short term investor value through actions such as financial restructuring, increased debt, special dividends, stock repurchases, or sales of assets or the entire company. perceived uncertainties as to our future direction, strategy or leadership that arise as a consequence of activist investor initiatives may result in the loss of potential business opportunities, harm our ability to attract new investors, employees and business partners, and cause our stock price to experience periods of volatility or stagnation.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in part ii, item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data," of this annual report on form 10-k. discussion of 2018 items and the year-over-year comparison of changes in our financial condition and the results of operations as of and for the years ended december 31, 2019 and december 31, 2018 can be found in part ii, item 7, "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations," of our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2019 filed with the sec on february 27, 2020.
overview we are a global distributor of vehicle products, including replacement parts, components and systems used in the repair and maintenance of vehicles, and specialty products and accessories to improve the performance, functionality and appearance of vehicles.
buyers of vehicle replacement products have the option to purchase from primarily five sources: new products produced by oems; new products produced by companies other than the oems, which are referred to as aftermarket products; recycled products obtained from salvage and total loss vehicles; recycled products that have been refurbished; and recycled products that have been remanufactured. we distribute a variety of products to collision and mechanical repair shops, including aftermarket collision and mechanical products; recycled collision and mechanical products; refurbished collision products such as wheels, bumper covers and lights; and remanufactured engines and transmissions. collectively, we refer to the four sources that are not new oem products as alternative parts.
we are a leading provider of alternative vehicle collision replacement products and alternative vehicle mechanical replacement products, with our sales, processing, and distribution facilities reaching most major markets in the united states and canada. we are also a leading provider of alternative vehicle replacement and maintenance products in germany, the united kingdom, the benelux region (belgium, netherlands, and luxembourg), italy, czech republic, austria, slovakia, poland, and various other european countries. in addition to our wholesale operations, we operate self service retail facilities across the u.s. that sell recycled automotive products from end-of-life-vehicles. we are also a leading distributor of specialty vehicle aftermarket equipment and accessories reaching most major markets in the u.s. and canada.
we are organized into four operating segments: wholesale - north america; europe; specialty and self service. we aggregate our wholesale - north america and self service operating segments into one reportable segment, north america, resulting in three reportable segments: north america, europe and specialty.
our operating results have fluctuated on a quarterly and annual basis in the past and can be expected to continue to fluctuate in the future as a result of a number of factors, some of which are beyond our control. please refer to the factors referred to in forward-looking statements and risk factors above. due to these factors and others, which may be unknown to us at this time, our operating results in future periods can be expected to fluctuate. accordingly, our historical results of operations may not be indicative of future performance.
acquisitions and investments since our inception in 1998, we have pursued a growth strategy through both organic growth and acquisitions. through 2018, our acquisition strategy was focused on consolidation to build scale in fragmented markets across north america and europe. we targeted companies that were market leaders, expanded our geographic presence and enhanced our ability to provide a wide array of vehicle products through our distribution network. in the last few years, we have shifted our focus from larger transactions to tuck-in acquisitions that target high synergies and/or add critical capabilities. additionally, we have made investments in various businesses to advance our strategic objectives.
on may 30, 2018, we acquired stahlgruber, a leading european wholesale distributor of aftermarket spare parts for passenger cars, tools, capital equipment and accessories with operations in germany, austria, italy, slovenia, and croatia with further sales to switzerland. this acquisition expanded lkq's geographic presence in continental europe and serves as an additional strategic hub for our european operations. in addition, this acquisition should allow for continued improvement in procurement, logistics and infrastructure optimization.
in addition to the acquisition mentioned above, during the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, we acquired various smaller businesses across our north america, europe, and specialty segments.
see note 2, "business combinations" and "investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries" in note 4, "summary of significant accounting policies," to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for additional information related to our acquisitions and investments.
sources of revenue we report our revenue in two categories: (i) parts and services and (ii) other. our parts revenue is generated from the sale of vehicle products, including replacement parts, components and systems used in the repair and maintenance of vehicles, and specialty products and accessories to improve the performance, functionality and appearance of vehicles. our service revenue is generated primarily from the sale of service-type warranties, fees for admission to our self service yards, and diagnostic and repair services. during the year ended december 31, 2020, parts and services revenue represented approximately 94% of our consolidated revenue. revenue from other sources includes scrap and other metals sales, bulk sales to mechanical manufacturers (including cores) and sales of aluminum ingots and sows from our furnace operations. other revenue will vary from period to period based on fluctuations in commodity prices and the volume of materials sold. see note 5, "revenue recognition" to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for additional information related to our sources of revenue.
critical accounting policies and estimates the discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america ("gaap"). the preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates, assumptions and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. on an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates, assumptions, and judgments, including those related to revenue recognition, inventory valuation, lease accounting, business combinations and goodwill impairment. we base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. the results of these estimates form the basis for our judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities and our recognition of revenue. actual results may differ from these estimates.
revenue recognition for information regarding our critical accounting policies related to revenue, refer to note 5, "revenue recognition," to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
inventory accounting for all inventory, carrying value is recorded at the lower of cost or net realizable value. net realizable value can be influenced by current anticipated demand. if actual demand differs from our estimates, additional reductions to inventory carrying value would be necessary in the period such determination is made.
for our aftermarket products, excluding our aftermarket automotive glass products, cost is established based on the average price we pay for parts; for our aftermarket automotive glass products inventory, cost is established using the first-in first-out method. inventory cost for our aftermarket products includes expenses incurred for freight in and overhead costs; for items purchased from foreign companies, import fees and duties and transportation insurance are also included. refurbished inventory cost is based upon the average price we pay for cores. the cost of our refurbished inventory also includes expenses incurred for freight in, labor and other overhead costs. our salvage inventory cost is established based upon the price we pay for a vehicle, including auction, towing and storage fees, as well as expenditures for buying and dismantling vehicles. inventory carrying value is determined using the average cost to sales percentage at each of our facilities and applying that percentage to the facility's inventory at expected selling prices, the assessment of which incorporates the sales probability based on a part's days in stock and historical demand. the average cost to sales percentage is derived from each facility's historical profitability for salvage vehicles. remanufactured inventory cost is based upon the price paid for cores, and also includes expenses incurred for freight, direct manufacturing costs and overhead related to our remanufacturing operations. the cost of manufactured product inventory is established using the first-in first-out method.
lease accounting for information regarding our critical accounting policies related to leases, refer to note 13, "leases," to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
business combinations we record our acquisitions using the purchase method of accounting, under which the acquisition purchase price is allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based upon their respective fair values. we utilize management estimates and, in some instances, independent third party valuation firms to assist in determining the fair values of assets acquired, liabilities assumed and contingent consideration granted. there are inherent assumptions and estimates used in developing the future cash flows and fair values of tangible and intangible assets, such as projecting revenues and profits, discount rates, income tax rates, royalty rates, customer attrition rates and other various valuation assumptions. we use various valuation methods to value property, plant and equipment. when valuing real property, we typically use the sales comparison approach for land and the income approach for buildings and building improvements. when valuing personal property, we typically use either the income or cost approach. we used the relief-from-royalty method to value trade names, trademarks, software and other technology assets, and we used the multi-period excess earnings method to value customer relationships. the relief-from-royalty method assumes that the intangible asset has value to the extent that its owner is relieved of the obligation to pay royalties for the benefits received from the intangible asset. the multi-period excess earnings method is based on the present value of the incremental after-tax cash flows attributable only to the customer relationship after deducting contributory asset charges.
goodwill and indefinite-lived intangibles impairment we are required to test goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment at least annually and between annual tests whenever events indicate that an impairment may exist. when testing goodwill for impairment, we are required to evaluate events and circumstances that may affect the performance of the reporting unit and the extent to which the events and circumstances may impact the future cash flows of the reporting unit to determine whether the fair value of the assets exceeds the carrying value. developing the estimated future cash flows and fair value of the reporting unit requires management's judgment in projecting revenues and profits, allocation of shared corporate costs, tax rates, capital expenditures, working capital requirements, discount rates and market multiples. many of the factors used in assessing fair value are outside the control of management, and it is reasonably likely that assumptions and estimates can change in future periods. if these assumptions or estimates change in the future, we may be required to record impairment charges for these assets. in response to changes in industry and market conditions, we may be required to strategically realign our resources and consider restructuring, disposing of, or otherwise exiting businesses, which could result in an impairment of goodwill.
we perform goodwill impairment tests annually in the fourth quarter and between annual tests whenever events indicate that an impairment may exist. lkq's market capitalization declined by approximately 40% between february 20, 2020, when the company released its 2019 financial results, and march 31, 2020. while we believed that the decrease was driven by market reaction to covid-19, the magnitude of the market capitalization decrease was deemed to be a triggering event requiring an interim test of goodwill impairment in the first quarter, which did not result in a goodwill impairment. we did not perform an impairment test in the second or third quarters of 2020.
our goodwill impairment assessment is performed at the reporting unit level. a reporting unit is an operating segment, or a business one level below an operating segment (the "component" level), for which discrete financial information is prepared and regularly reviewed by segment management. however, components are aggregated as a single reporting unit if they have similar economic characteristics. for the purpose of aggregating our components into reporting units, we review the long-term performance of segment ebitda. additionally, we review qualitative factors such as type or class of customers, nature of products, distribution methods, inventory procurement methods, level of integration, and interdependency of processes across components. our assessment of the aggregation includes both qualitative and quantitative factors and is based on the facts and circumstances specific to the components.
we have four operating segments: wholesale - north america, europe, specialty and self service. each of these operating segments consists of multiple components that have discrete financial information available that is reviewed by segment management on a regular basis. we have evaluated these components and concluded that the components that compose each of the wholesale - north america, europe, specialty, and self service operating segments are economically similar and thus were aggregated into those four separate reporting units for our interim goodwill impairment test in the first quarter of 2020 and annual goodwill impairment test.
our goodwill would be considered impaired if the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeded its estimated fair value. the fair value estimates are established using weightings of the results of a discounted cash flow methodology and a comparative market multiples approach. we believe that using two methods to determine fair value limits the chances of an unrepresentative valuation. discount rates, growth rates and cash flow projections are the assumptions that are most sensitive and susceptible to change as they require significant management judgment. impairment may result from, among other things, deterioration in the performance of our reporting units' businesses, increases in our cost of capital, adverse market conditions, and adverse changes in applicable laws or regulations, including modifications that restrict the activities of our reporting units' businesses. to assess the reasonableness of the fair value estimates, we compare the sum of the reporting units' fair values to the company's market capitalization and calculate an implied control premium, which is then evaluated against recent market transactions in our industry, or in the case of our interim test, against transactions during the 2008-2009 financial crisis. if we were required to recognize goodwill impairments, we would report those impairment losses as part of our operating results.
we determined no impairments existed on any of our four reporting units when we performed our interim goodwill impairment testing in the first quarter of 2020, as each of those reporting units had a fair value estimate that exceeded the carrying value by at least 12%, the level at which our europe reporting unit exceeded its carrying value. we did not identify a triggering event in the second or third quarter that necessitated an interim test of goodwill impairment.
we determined no impairments existed when we performed our annual goodwill impairment testing in the fourth quarter of 2020 on all four reporting units as each of those reporting units had a fair value estimate that exceeded the carrying value by at least 30%. as of december 31, 2020, we had a total of $4.6 billion in goodwill subject to future impairment tests.
we review indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment annually or on an interim basis if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. in the first quarter of 2020, we determined that the effect of the uncertainty relating to the covid-19 pandemic on our forecasted results represented a change in circumstances indicating that the carrying value of the warn trademark, which is our only indefinite-lived intangible asset, might not be recoverable. as a result, we performed a quantitative impairment test as of march 31, 2020 using the relief-from-royalty method and determined no impairment existed, as the trademark had a fair value estimate which exceeded the carrying value by approximately 9%. we did not identify a triggering event in the second or third quarter that necessitated an interim test of impairment. we performed a quantitative impairment test in the fourth quarter as of october 31, 2020, using the relief-from-royalty method to value the warn trademark; we determined no impairment existed at that time as the trademark had a fair value estimate which exceeded the carrying value by approximately 13%.
recently issued accounting pronouncements see "recent accounting pronouncements" in note 4, "summary of significant accounting policies" to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for information related to new accounting standards.
financial information by geographic area see note 16, "segment and geographic information" to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for information related to our revenue and long-lived assets by geographic region.
1 lkq europe program we have undertaken the 1 lkq europe program to create structural centralization and standardization of key functions to facilitate the operation of the europe segment as a single business. under this multi-year program, we expect to recognize the following:
•restructuring expenses - non-recurring costs resulting directly from the implementation of the 1 lkq europe program from which the business will derive no ongoing benefit. see note 6, "restructuring and acquisition related expenses" to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for further details.
•transformation expenses - period costs incurred to execute the 1 lkq europe program that are expected to contribute to ongoing benefits to the business (e.g. non-capitalizable implementation costs related to a common erp system). these expenses are recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses.
•transformation capital expenditures - capitalizable costs for long-lived assets, such as software and facilities, that directly relate to the execution of the 1 lkq europe program.
costs related to the 1 lkq europe program incurred to date are reflected in selling, general and administrative expenses and purchases of property, plant and equipment in our consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k. beginning in the second half of march 2020, management delayed certain projects under the 1 lkq europe program to reduce expenses and preserve capital in response to the covid-19 pandemic. based on our expectations in the second quarter of 2020 that the impacts on our business from covid-19 had stabilized, we restarted the program in july 2020 with substantially the same initiatives and projects as prior to the pandemic. while certain projects were delayed as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, such as our procurement initiatives and the new headquarters in switzerland, we also accelerated certain projects, such as the integration of previously acquired networks and sharing resources across lkq europe. we have continued the project on schedule during the second wave of covid-19. we are targeting to complete the organizational design and implementation projects by the middle of 2021, with the remaining projects scheduled to be completed by 2024. during the year ended december 31, 2020, we incurred $38 million in costs across all three categories noted above. we expect that costs of the program, reflecting all three categories noted above, will range between $60 million and $80 million in 2021 with an additional $80 million to $100 million between 2022 and the projected program completion date in 2024. in the future, we may also identify additional initiatives and projects under the 1 lkq europe program that may result in additional expenditures, although we are currently unable to estimate the range of charges for such potential future initiatives and projects. we expect the transformation and restructuring expenses will be entirely funded by the improved trade working capital initiatives across our europe segment.
covid-19 impact on our operations in late february 2020, the italian government began placing restrictions on activity as a result of the covid-19 outbreak. sales volumes fell as fewer cars were on the road and less maintenance activity was performed. while our italian operation is an important part of our european business, it represented approximately 10% of the segment's revenue in 2019, and thus the disruption did not have a material impact on the company. by mid-march, the covid-19 impact began spreading across the rest of the geographies where we operate at a very rapid pace. governments adopted aggressive restrictions on the operation of non-essential businesses and personal movement, which reduced miles driven and collisions. while our businesses have been deemed essential in most jurisdictions in which we operate, the change in behavior driven by the covid-19 restrictions negatively impacted our sales volume. our organic parts and services revenue declined by 16.8%, 4.5%, and 5.2% in the second, third, and fourth quarters of 2020, respectively, relative to the comparable prior periods. we showed improvement in the third quarter of 2020 as governments gradually lifted restrictions for non-essential businesses and personal movement, however, in the fourth quarter of 2020 revenue declined as certain jurisdictions put restrictions back into place. as anticipated, april experienced the most negative revenue impact, with organic parts and services revenue (on a per day basis) down 30.3% compared to the prior year period. as movement restrictions lessened in may and june, we experienced organic parts and services revenue declines (on a per day basis) of 13.2% and 7.3%, respectively, compared to the prior year periods. however, the pace of improvement flattened into the third quarter as the increasing level of covid-19 cases, especially in the united states, slowed the recovery. during the third quarter, organic parts and services revenue declined by 4.5% compared to the prior year period, a small improvement from the june decline of 7.3% (on a per day basis). during the fourth quarter, organic parts and services revenue declined by 6.1% (on a per day basis) and gradually worsened during the quarter with a decline of 7.2% (on a per day basis) in december. in the first quarter of 2021, we expect revenue to remain lower on a year over year basis as covid-19 continues to impact economic activity in the u.s. and europe, as the pandemic did not begin meaningfully impacting our results until march 2020. the level of the year over year decrease in revenue will depend on the extent of lockdown measures taken in response to an increase in the prevalence of the virus outbreak and the timing and effectiveness of the vaccination efforts. we expect revenue to increase in the second quarter of 2021 off of a low base and a gradual recovery in the second half of 2021.
recognizing the demand changes in the first quarter of 2020, we took action in all of our business units to reduce our cost structure. these actions included, but were not limited to, employee furloughs and reductions in force, decreases in hours and overtime, lowering compensation for salaried employees, a hiring freeze, elimination of temporary labor, route consolidation, deferral of projects, and temporary branch closures. in the second quarter, these cost actions contributed to a reduction of approximately 18% in quarterly selling, general and administrative expenses compared to our first quarter 2020 run rate. we estimate that the cost actions generated a $10 million benefit in cost of goods sold compared to our second quarter of 2019. some of the savings from the cost actions were delayed as we paid out vacation balances in april and covered medical benefits for employees in the united states during their furlough period. during the third quarter and fourth quarters, we were able to sustain a portion of the cost benefits, with quarterly selling, general and administrative costs down approximately 10% for both periods compared to the first quarter 2020 run rate. we estimate that the cost actions generated an approximately $15 million benefit in cost of goods sold for the second half of 2020 compared to the same period of 2019. if revenue increases during 2021, we expect that some of the costs that were reduced as a result of covid-19 will remain at a lower level; the management team has been implementing productivity initiatives to create lower cost structures going forward as seen in the third and fourth quarter results.
we pursued certain financial assistance and relief programs that were available to us from governments in europe and canada, primarily in the form of grants to offset personnel expenses; through december 31, 2020, we qualified for $52 million of assistance, although that figure was heavily weighted to the second quarter. we currently do not anticipate qualifying for significant additional assistance in 2021, but we still will receive some government assistance in england. this view may change in the future based on developments with the resurgence of the virus outbreak.
these cost actions lagged the revenue impact in the first and second quarters, which meant there was a negative timing impact of covid-19 on our profitability in those periods in addition to the negative effect from reduced revenue. by the third quarter, the cost actions were aligned with the revenue changes, and we generated higher segment ebitda dollars and margins than in the third quarter of 2019. in the fourth quarter, selling, general and administrative ("sg&a") costs remained consistent with the third quarter and profitability remained higher than the prior year.
we also emphasized the preservation of capital with a deferral of growth driven capital projects, reductions in inventory orders, more active monitoring of customer receivables and terms, income and value added tax payment deferrals (the majority of which were paid during the third quarter), and suspension of our share buyback program (which was reinstated during the fourth quarter). this focus was successful as we improved our liquidity position at year-end by approximately $1.0 billion relative to march 31, 2020 while managing through the disruption caused by the pandemic.
in each quarter of 2020, we prepared forecasts of future revenues, profits and cash flows to use in multiple analyses, including the interim and annual goodwill impairment test, other impairment tests of long-lived assets, assessments of the recoverability of inventory, determination of customer and supplier rebate balances, calculation of the annual effective tax rate and evaluations of the realizability of deferred tax assets. actual results have exceeded our initial forecast prepared in the first quarter of 2020 with a full year organic parts and service revenue decline of 8.2% on a per day basis, diluted earnings per share attributable to lkq stockholders of $2.09 and operating cash flow of $1.4 billion. we expect to face continued pressure on revenue with covid-19 infection rates remaining at heightened levels in a number of our geographies, but we believe that consolidated profit margins in 2021 will remain above those realized during 2020 due to margin and overhead cost initiatives implemented in 2019 and 2020. as the economic impact of the pandemic is dependent on variables that are difficult to project and in many cases are outside of our control, it is possible that the estimates underlying our analyses may change. this is particularly the case as it appears that the prevalence of the virus outbreak fluctuates depending on various factors, including the level of economic and social activity in a region and progress in vaccination efforts.
one of our top priorities is the health and safety of our employees, customers and the communities in which we operate. we are using all reasonable efforts to follow governmental instructions and safety guidelines with respect to the operations of our facilities. we have implemented protocols across our business units to help ensure the health and safety of our employees, customers and communities including, but not limited to: restricting access to and enhancing cleaning and disinfecting protocols at our facilities; use of personal protective equipment; adhering to social distancing guidelines; instituting remote work arrangements for many of our employees; and restricting travel.
see the results of operations and liquidity sections for further detail on our year over year trends.
key performance indicators we believe that organic revenue growth, segment ebitda and free cash flow are key performance indicators for our business. segment ebitda is our key measure of segment profit or loss reviewed by our chief operating decision maker.  free cash flow is a financial measure that is not prepared in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles ("non-gaap").
•organic revenue growth - we define organic revenue growth as total revenue growth from continuing operations excluding the effects of acquisitions and divestitures (i.e., revenue generated from the date of acquisition to the first anniversary of that acquisition, net of reduced revenue due to the disposal of businesses) and foreign currency movements (i.e., impact of translating revenue at prior period exchange rates). organic revenue growth includes incremental sales from both existing and new (i.e., opened within the last twelve months) locations and is derived from expanding business with existing customers, securing new customers and offering additional products and services. we believe that organic revenue growth is a key performance indicator as this statistic measures our ability to serve and grow our customer base successfully.
•segment ebitda - refer to note 16, "segment and geographic information," in part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k for a description of the calculation of segment ebitda. we believe that segment ebitda provides useful information to evaluate our segment profitability by focusing on the indicators of ongoing operational results.
•free cash flow - we calculate free cash flow as net cash provided by operating activities, less purchases of property, plant and equipment. free cash flow provides insight into our liquidity and provides useful information to management and investors concerning cash flow available to meet our future debt service obligations and working capital requirements, to make strategic acquisitions and to repurchase our stock.
these three key performance indicators are used as targets in determining incentive compensation at various levels of the organization, including senior management.  by using these performance measures, we attempt to motivate a balanced approach to the business that rewards growth, profitability and cash flow generation in a manner that enhances our long-term prospects.
results of operations-consolidated the following table sets forth statements of income data as a percentage of total revenue for the periods indicated:
year ended december 31,
2020                                                                                                                                                                         2019
revenue                                                                                        100.0          %                                                  100.0          %
cost of goods sold                                                                              60.5          %                                                   61.2          %
gross margin                                                                                    39.5          %                                                   38.8          %
selling, general and administrative expenses                                                    28.1          %                                                   28.6          %
restructuring and acquisition related expenses                                                   0.6          %                                                    0.3          %
loss on disposal of businesses and impairment of net assets held for sale                        0.0          %                                                    0.4          %
depreciation and amortization                                                                    2.3          %                                                    2.3          %
operating income                                                                                 8.5          %                                                    7.2          %
total other expense, net                                                                         0.9          %                                                    0.8          %
income from continuing operations before provision for income taxes                              7.6          %                                                    6.3          %
provision for income taxes                                                                       2.1          %                                                    1.7          %
equity in earnings (losses) of unconsolidated subsidiaries                                       0.0          %                                                  (0.3)          %
income from continuing operations                                                                5.5          %                                                    4.3          %
net (loss) income from discontinued operations                                                 (0.0)          %                                                    0.0          %
net income                                                                                       5.5          %                                                    4.4          %
less: net income attributable to continuing noncontrolling interest                              0.0          %                                                    0.0          %
less: net income attributable to discontinued noncontrolling interest                            0.0          %                                                    0.0          %
net income attributable to lkq stockholders                                                      5.5          %                                                    4.3          %
note: in the table above, the sum of the individual percentages may not equal the total due to rounding.
year ended december 31, 2020 compared to year ended december 31, 2019
revenue. the following table summarizes the changes in revenue by category (in thousands):
year ended december 31,                                                                                                                                percentage change in revenue
2020                                                                                  2019                       organic                        acquisition and divestiture                       foreign exchange                        total change parts &amp; services revenue          $10,963,713                         $11,877,846                         (7.6)    %                                  (0.5)           %                            0.5       %                        (7.7)      %
other revenue                             665,117                             628,263                           5.5    %                                    0.4           %                            0.0       %                          5.9      %
total revenue                         $11,628,830                         $12,506,109                         (7.0)    %                                  (0.5)           %                            0.4       %                        (7.0)      %
note: in the table above, the sum of the individual percentages may not equal the total due to rounding.
the decline in parts and services revenue of 7.7% represented decreases in segment revenue of 13.3% in north america and 6.0% in europe, partially offset by an increase of 3.1% in specialty segment revenue. organic parts and services revenue declined by 7.6%, which included a 0.6% positive effect from approximately two additional selling days in the year ended december 31, 2020, resulting in a per day organic decline of 8.2%. the decline in 2020 is primarily related to the impact of covid-19 from march 2020 through december 2020 (refer to the "covid-19 impact on our operations" section above for further details). the increase in other revenue of 5.9% was primarily driven by a $34 million organic increase, largely attributable to our north america segment. refer to the discussion of our segment results of operations for factors contributing to the change in revenue by segment during the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the year ended december 31, 2019.
cost of goods sold. cost of goods sold decreased to 60.5% of revenue in the year ended december 31, 2020 from 61.2% of revenue in the year ended december 31, 2019. cost of goods sold decreased 0.6% and 0.5% in our north america and europe segments, respectively, partially offset by a 0.3% increase in cost of goods sold attributable to mix. the mix impact was a result of the decreased volumes in our north america segment primarily due to the covid-19 pandemic, as the higher margin north america segment made up a smaller percentage of the consolidated results, causing an unfavorable effect on the gross margin percentage. for the year ended december 31, 2020, we recorded inventory write downs related to restructuring plans of $5 million and $3 million in our north america and europe segments, respectively. for the year ended december 31, 2019, we recorded inventory write downs of $21 million, principally due to our europe segment related to u.k. branch consolidation and brand rationalization initiated as part of our restructuring plans. the lower inventory write downs in the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the prior year period resulted in a favorable impact on cost of goods sold of 0.1%. our restructuring plans are described in note 6, "restructuring and acquisition related expenses" to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k. refer to the discussion of our segment results of operations for factors contributing to the changes in cost of goods sold as a percentage of revenue by segment for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the year ended december 31, 2019.
selling, general and administrative expenses. our sg&a expenses as a percentage of revenue decreased to 28.1% in the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to 28.6% in the year ended december 31, 2019. sg&a expenses decreased over the prior year period as a result of (i) a decrease of 0.5% in our north america segment and (ii) a 0.2% decrease in sg&a expenses attributable to mix, partially offset by (iii) an increase of 0.3% in our europe segment. the mix impact was a result of the decreased volumes in our north america segment primarily due to the covid-19 pandemic, as the higher sg&a expense percentage for the north america segment made up a smaller percentage of the consolidated results, which had a favorable effect on the sg&a expense percentage. refer to the discussion of our segment results of operations for factors contributing to the changes in sg&a expenses as a percentage of revenue by segment for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the year ended december 31, 2019.
restructuring and acquisition related expenses. the following table summarizes restructuring and acquisition related expenses for the periods indicated (in thousands):
year ended december 31,
2020                                                                                                  2019                       change restructuring expenses                                        $58,204                 (1)     $34,832              (2)     $23,372
acquisition related expenses                                    7,959                 (3)       2,147              (4)       5,812
total restructuring and acquisition related expenses          $66,163                         $36,979                      $29,184
(1)restructuring expenses for the year ended december 31, 2020 consisted of (i) $42 million related to our 2020 global restructuring program, (ii) $9 million related to integration costs from acquisitions, and (iii) $7 million related to our 2019 global restructuring program.
(2)    restructuring expenses for the year ended december 31, 2019 primarily consisted of $20 million related to our 2019 global restructuring program and $14 million related to integration costs from acquisitions.
(3)    acquisition related expenses for the year ended december 31, 2020 primarily consisted of an $8 million adjustment for the resolution of a purchase price matter related to the stahlgruber transaction for an amount above our prior estimate.
(4)    acquisition related expenses for the year ended december 31, 2019 included costs primarily related to the acquisition of an immaterial wholesale business in europe.
see note 6, "restructuring and acquisition related expenses" to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for further information on our restructuring and integration plans.
loss on disposal of businesses and impairment of net assets held for sale. for the year ended december 31, 2020, we recorded a net loss on the disposal of businesses and impairment charges on net assets held for sale totaling $3 million, compared to $47 million of net impairment charges on net assets held for sale for the year ended december 31, 2019 primarily attributable to our north america segment. see "net assets held for sale" in note 4, "summary of significant accounting policies" to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for further information on the net loss on disposals and impairment charges.
depreciation and amortization. the following table summarizes depreciation and amortization for the periods indicated (in thousands):
year ended december 31,
2020                                                         2019                              change depreciation                                 $153,027                          $150,649        $2,378                   (1)
amortization                                  119,265                           140,121        (20,856)                 (2)
total depreciation and amortization          $272,292                          $290,770        $(18,478)
(1)depreciation expense increased by $2 million, primarily due to capital expenditures in our north america segment.
(2)the decrease in amortization expense primarily reflected decreases of $17 million and $6 million related to the customer relationship intangible assets recorded upon our acquisitions of stahlgruber and rhiag, respectively, as the accelerated amortization of the customer relationship intangible assets resulted in lower amortization expense during the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the prior year period.
other expense, net. the following table summarizes the components of the change in other expense, net (in thousands):
other expense, net for the year ended december 31, 2019                    $105,621
(decrease) increase due to:
interest expense                                                           (34,720)         (1)
loss/gain on debt extinguishment                                             12,879         (2)
interest income and other expense (income), net                              16,802         (3)
net decrease                                                                (5,039)
other expense, net for the year ended december 31, 2020                    $100,582
(1)the decrease in interest is primarily related to (i) a $32 million decrease resulting from lower outstanding debt during the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the prior year period, and (ii) a $4 million decrease from lower interest rates on borrowings under our senior secured credit agreement compared to the prior year period, partially offset by (iii) a $2 million increase from foreign currency translation, primarily related to an increase in the euro exchange rate during the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the prior year period.
(2)in january 2020, we recorded a loss on debt extinguishment of $13 million related to the redemption of the u.s. notes (2023) due to the early-redemption premium and the write-off of the unamortized debt issuance costs.
(3)the decrease in interest income and other expense (income), net primarily consisted of (i) a $12 million non-recurring gain related to resolution of an acquisition related matter in the fourth quarter of 2019, (ii) pension settlement losses of $6 million related to our primary defined benefit plan in the u.s. (the "u.s. plan") in 2020, and (iii) several individually immaterial factors that decreased interest income and other expense (income), net by $4 million in the aggregate in 2020, partially offset by (iv) a $6 million increase in insurance settlement proceeds compared to the prior year period, primarily due to our north america segment.
provision for income taxes. our effective income tax rate for the year ended december 31, 2020 was 28.2%, compared to 27.2% for the comparable prior year period. primary factors in the increase include valuation allowances on the tax benefit of net operating losses in certain jurisdictions where realization is uncertain and shifts in the geographic blend of international earnings. net discrete items in both years were immaterial to the effective tax rate. see note 15, "income taxes" to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for further information.
equity in earnings (losses) of unconsolidated subsidiaries. equity in earnings (losses) of unconsolidated subsidiaries for the year ended december 31, 2020 primarily related to our investment in mekonomen. during the first quarter of 2019, we recorded a $40 million other-than-temporary impairment related to our investment in mekonomen. there were no impairment charges for mekonomen in 2020. see "investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries" in note 4, "summary of significant accounting policies" to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for further information on the impairment charge.
foreign currency impact. we translate our statements of income at the average exchange rates in effect for the period. relative to the rates used during the year ended december 31, 2019, the euro and pound sterling rates used to translate the 2020 statements of income increased by 2.0% and 0.6%, respectively, and the year to date average rates for the canadian dollar and czech koruna decreased by 1.0% and 0.9%, respectively. the unfavorable impact of realized and unrealized currency gains and losses for the year ended december 31, 2020 resulted in a $0.01 negative effect on diluted earnings per share relative to the prior year.
net income attributable to continuing and discontinued noncontrolling interest. net income attributable to continuing noncontrolling interest for the year ended december 31, 2020 decreased $1 million compared to the year ended december 31, 2019 primarily due to the noncontrolling interest of subsidiaries acquired in connection with the stahlgruber acquisition. net income attributable to discontinued noncontrolling interest was immaterial and $1 million for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively, and related to the stahlgruber czech republic wholesale business. see note 3, "discontinued operations" to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for further information on this business.
results of operations-segment reporting we have four operating segments: wholesale - north america, europe, specialty and self service. our wholesale - north america and self service operating segments are aggregated into one reportable segment, north america, because they possess similar economic characteristics and have common products and services, customers, and methods of distribution. therefore, we present three reportable segments: north america, europe and specialty.
we have presented the growth of our revenue and profitability in our operations on both an as reported and a constant currency basis. the constant currency presentation, which is a non-gaap measure, excludes the impact of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. we believe providing constant currency information provides valuable supplemental information regarding our growth and profitability, consistent with how we evaluate our performance, as this statistic removes the translation impact of exchange rate fluctuations, which are outside of our control and do not reflect our operational performance. constant currency revenue and segment ebitda results are calculated by translating prior year revenue and segment ebitda in local currency using the current year's currency conversion rate. this non-gaap financial measure has important limitations as an analytical tool and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for an analysis of our results as reported under gaap. our use of this term may vary from the use of similarly-titled measures by other issuers due to potential inconsistencies in the method of calculation and differences due to items subject to interpretation. in addition, not all companies that report revenue or profitability on a constant currency basis calculate such measures in the same manner as we do, and accordingly, our calculations are not necessarily comparable to similarly-named measures of other companies and may not be appropriate measures for performance relative to other companies.
the following table presents our financial performance, including third party revenue, total revenue and segment ebitda, by reportable segment for the periods indicated (in thousands):
year ended december 31,
2020                                                                 % of total segment revenue                            2019                   % of total segment revenue third party revenue north america                       $4,631,306                                                                   $5,208,589
europe                               5,492,184                                                                    5,838,124
specialty                            1,505,340                                                                    1,459,396
total third party revenue          $11,628,830                                                                  $12,506,109
total revenue north america                       $4,632,339                                                                   $5,209,294
europe                               5,492,184                                                                    5,838,124
specialty                            1,508,995                                                                    1,464,042
eliminations                           (4,688)                                                                      (5,351)
total revenue                      $11,628,830                                                                  $12,506,109
segment ebitda north america                         $778,504                                  16.8          %                    $712,957                                  13.7          %
europe                                 427,582                                   7.8          %                     454,220                                   7.8          %
specialty                              162,673                                  10.8          %                     161,184                                  11.0          %
the key measure of segment profit or loss reviewed by our chief operating decision maker, our chief executive officer, is segment ebitda. we use segment ebitda to compare profitability among our segments and evaluate business strategies. segment ebitda includes revenue and expenses that are controllable by the segment. corporate general and administrative expenses are allocated to the segments based on usage, with shared expenses apportioned based on the segment's percentage of consolidated revenue. we calculate segment ebitda as ebitda excluding restructuring and acquisition related expenses (which includes restructuring expenses recorded in cost of goods sold); change in fair value of contingent consideration liabilities; other gains and losses related to acquisitions, equity method investments, or divestitures; equity in losses and earnings of unconsolidated subsidiaries; and impairment charges. ebitda, which is the basis for segment ebitda, is calculated as net income attributable to lkq stockholders excluding discontinued operations and discontinued noncontrolling interest, depreciation, amortization, interest (which includes gains and losses on debt extinguishment) and income tax expense. see note 16, "segment and geographic information" to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for a reconciliation of total segment ebitda to net income.
year ended december 31, 2020 compared to year ended december 31, 2019
north america third party revenue. the following table summarizes the changes in third party revenue by category in our north america segment (in thousands):
year ended december 31,                                                                                                                                     percentage change in revenue north america                                     2020                                2019                         organic                       acquisition and divestiture (3)                       foreign exchange                        total change parts &amp; services revenue           $3,988,214                          $4,600,903                          (12.9)    %            (1)                     (0.3)            %                          (0.1)       %                       (13.3)      %
other revenue                             643,092                             607,686                             5.5    %            (2)                       0.4            %                          (0.0)       %                          5.8      %
total third party revenue              $4,631,306                          $5,208,589                          (10.8)    %                                    (0.2)            %                          (0.1)       %                       (11.1)      %
note: in the table above, the sum of the individual percentages may not equal the total due to rounding.
(1)parts and services organic revenue declined despite one additional selling day in the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the prior year period. on a per day basis, organic revenue declined 13.3%. the organic decline was impacted by collision and liability repairable auto claims, which, according to data from ccc, were 26.0% lower for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the prior year period. this decrease in claims activity was primarily due to the covid-19 pandemic and had an adverse impact on sales volumes in our wholesale operations. the volume decline in collision parts was partially offset by an outperformance of the claims trend attributable to share gains, mechanical part sales and self service parts sales and admissions. prior to the pandemic, parts and services organic revenue in north america was slightly less than the same period in the prior year, declining 1.1% through february 2020, principally due to (i) the termination in the fourth quarter of 2019 of an agreement signed in december 2017 for the distribution of batteries which had an unfavorable impact of 0.8% through february 2020 compared to the prior year period, and, (ii) to a lesser extent, milder winter weather conditions compared to the prior year period. during the period of march 2020 through december 2020, parts and services organic revenue declined 15.6% on a per day basis compared to the prior year period primarily due to volume effects caused by the covid-19 pandemic (collision and liability repairable auto claims were down approximately 41.7%, 24.4%, and 27.2% in the second, third, and fourth quarters of 2020, respectively, according to data from ccc). going into the first quarter of 2021, we anticipate downward pressures on aftermarket fill rates due to continued ocean freight delays, which in turn may adversely impact sales.
(2)the $33 million year over year organic increase in other revenue is primarily related to a $106 million increase in revenue from precious metals (platinum, palladium and rhodium) primarily due to higher prices compared to the prior year, partially offset by (i) a $46 million decrease in revenue from other scrap metals (e.g. aluminum) and fluids due to lower volumes, (ii) an $18 million decrease in revenue from scrap steel due to lower prices and volumes, and (iii) a decrease in core revenue of $9 million due to lower volumes. the volume declines in other revenue were due to lower purchase volumes and throughput in our salvage and self service operations as a result of the covid-19 pandemic.
(3)acquisition related growth for the year ended december 31, 2020 reflected revenue from our acquisition of three wholesale businesses and one self service business since the beginning of 2019 through the one-year anniversary of the acquisitions. reduced revenue as a result of the disposal of our aviation business in the third quarter of 2019 more than offset the acquisition growth during this period.
segment ebitda. segment ebitda increased $66 million, or 9.2%, in the year ended december 31, 2020, including the impact of one additional selling day compared to the prior year period. the adverse impact of the covid-19 pandemic on sales volumes in our wholesale operations had a significant unfavorable impact on segment ebitda. this adverse impact was more than offset in part due to operational efficiency and rightsizing actions and higher revenue from precious metals. net sequential increases in scrap steel prices in our salvage and self service operations had a $16 million favorable impact on north america segment ebitda during the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to a $23 million unfavorable impact during the year ended december 31, 2019 resulting from net sequential decreases in scrap steel prices. this favorable impact for the year ended december 31, 2020 resulted from the increase in scrap steel prices between the date we purchased a vehicle, which influences the price we pay for a vehicle, and the date we scrapped a vehicle, which influences the price we receive for scrapping a vehicle.
the following table summarizes the changes in segment ebitda as a percentage of revenue in our north america segment:
north america                                                                                    percentage of total segment revenue segment ebitda for the year ended december 31, 2019                                                               13.7             %
increase due to:
change in gross margin                                                                                             1.7             %                              (1)
change in segment operating expenses                                                                               1.3             %                              (2)
segment ebitda for the year ended december 31, 2020                                                               16.8             %
note: in the table above, the sum of the individual percentages may not equal the total due to rounding.
(1)    the increase in gross margin primarily reflected favorable impacts of 1.2% from our wholesale operations and 0.4% from our self service operations. despite the adverse impact of the covid-19 pandemic on sales volumes in our wholesale operations, wholesale gross margin was favorable primarily due to the positive impact of cost reductions from operational efficiency and rightsizing actions, higher prices of precious metals and scrap steel, and improved return rates compared to the prior year period. the increase in self service gross margin was primarily attributable to higher prices of precious metals as well as sequential increases in scrap steel prices. we expect downward pressure on our salvage and self service margins going into 2021 as purchase costs increased in the second half of 2020 due to the reduced availability of cars for purchase reflecting the impact of the covid-19 pandemic. we plan to continue to address this downward pressure through price adjustments and further operational efficiencies. we expect commodity prices to have a favorable impact on margin, at least in the short-term, as precious metals and scrap prices hold or improve from recent levels.
(2)    the decrease in segment operating expense as a percentage of revenue, despite the deleveraging impact of the organic revenue parts and services revenue decline of 13.3% compared to the prior year, on a per day basis, reflects (i) a favorable impact of 1.6% from personnel expenses related to permanent and temporary headcount reductions, reduced hours, limitations on travel and government grants in canada and (ii) a 0.2% favorable impact from vehicle and fuel expenses due to fuel usage and prices. the impact was partially offset by a negative leverage effect of 0.5% from facility expenses, which are largely fixed. as the market recovers and volumes increase, we expect to bring back necessary resources to support our operations; however, we expect that permanent actions taken this year will provide a long-term favorable impact for the segment.
europe third party revenue. the following table summarizes the changes in third party revenue by category in our europe segment (in thousands):
year ended december 31,                                                                                                                                         percentage change in revenue europe                                            2020                                2019                      organic (1)                        acquisition and divestiture(2)                      foreign exchange (3)                        total change parts &amp; services revenue           $5,470,159                          $5,817,547                           (6.1)     %                                    (0.9)            %                              1.1        %                        (6.0)      %
other revenue                              22,025                              20,577                             5.4     %                                    (0.0)            %                              1.6        %                          7.0      %
total third party revenue              $5,492,184                          $5,838,124                           (6.0)     %                                    (0.9)            %                              1.1        %                        (5.9)      %
note: in the table above, the sum of the individual percentages may not equal the total due to rounding.
(1)the parts and services organic revenue decrease for the year ended december 31, 2020 was partially offset by having two additional selling days in 2020 compared to the year ended december 31, 2019. on a per day basis, organic parts and services revenue decreased 6.9%, mainly driven by the covid-19 pandemic disruptions in all of our european operations. prior to the pandemic, organic revenue in europe had increased 0.3% through february, principally driven by the central and eastern european region, and to a lesser extent, germany. during the period of march 2020 through december 2020, organic revenue declined 8.3% on a per day basis compared to the prior year period primarily due to volume effects caused by the covid-19 pandemic. germany and the netherlands have been recovering at a faster rate, with the recovery in italy and the u.k. lagging behind.
(2)acquisition related growth for the year ended december 31, 2020 reflected revenue from our acquisition of three immaterial wholesale businesses since the beginning of 2019 through the one-year anniversary of the acquisitions. reduced revenue as a result of the disposals of a non-core telecommunications operation in germany in the second quarter of 2020 and two smaller disposals during 2020 and a wholesale business in bulgaria in the third quarter of 2019 more than offset the acquisition growth.
(3)compared to the prior year, exchange rates increased our revenue growth by $62 million, or 1.1%, primarily due to the weaker u.s. dollar against the euro and pound sterling during the year ended december 31, 2020 relative to the prior year period.
segment ebitda. segment ebitda decreased $27 million, or 5.9%, for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the prior year period. our europe segment ebitda included a positive year over year impact of $6 million related to the translation of local currency results into u.s. dollars at higher exchange rates than those experienced during the year ended december 31, 2019. on a constant currency basis (i.e., excluding the translation impact), segment ebitda decreased by $32 million, or 7.1%, compared to the prior year. refer to the foreign currency impact discussion within the results of operations-consolidated section above for further detail regarding foreign currency impact on our results for the year ended december 31, 2020.
europe                                                                                                                                     percentage of total segment revenue segment ebitda for the year ended december 31, 2019                                                                                                          7.8             %
increase (decrease) due to:
change in gross margin                                                                                                                                       0.5             %                              (1)
change in segment operating expenses                                                                                                                       (0.5)             %                              (2)
change in other expense, net and net income attributable to continuing noncontrolling interest                                                               0.1             %
segment ebitda for the year ended december 31, 2020                                                                                                          7.8             %
note: in the table above, the sum of the individual percentages may not equal the total due to rounding.
(1)    the increase in gross margin was primarily attributable to favorable impacts of (i) 0.2% across almost all our operations principally as a result of margin improvement initiatives supporting the pursuit of profitable revenue growth and (ii) 0.2% from the disposal of a non-core telecommunications operation in germany in the second quarter of 2020.
(2)    the increase in segment operating expenses as a percentage of revenue reflects unfavorable impacts of (i) 0.2% from bad debt expense due to the downturn in economic conditions caused by the covid-19 pandemic, (ii) 0.2% in transformation expenses related to the 1 lkq europe program, and (iii) several individually immaterial factors that had an unfavorable impact of 0.4% in the aggregate. these negative impacts were partially mitigated by actions to reduce personnel expense which generated a favorable impact of 0.3%. despite the deleveraging impact from the third party parts and services organic revenue decline of 6.9% on a per day basis, management was able to utilize government assistance, permanent and temporary headcount reductions, and limited travel expenses to achieve this 0.3% reduction as a percentage of revenue. as the markets recovered from the second quarter low point, volumes increased and government programs ceased, we brought back necessary resources to support our operations; however, we expect that permanent actions taken this year will provide a long-term favorable impact for the segment.
specialty third party revenue. the following table summarizes the changes in third party revenue by category in our specialty segment (in thousands):
year ended december 31,                                                                                                                                                                  percentage change in revenue specialty                           2020                 2019                                                   organic (1)                        acquisition and divestiture                       foreign exchange                        total change parts &amp; services revenue        $1,505,340                          $1,459,396                                3.0     %                                    0.3           %                          (0.1)       %                          3.1      %
other revenue                       -                                   -                                           -     %                                      -           %                              -       %                            -      %
total third party revenue           $1,505,340                          $1,459,396                                3.0     %                                    0.3           %                          (0.1)       %                          3.1      %
note: in the table above, the sum of the individual percentages may not equal the total due to rounding.
(1)parts and services organic revenue increased 3.0% for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the prior year. on a per day basis, organic revenue increased 2.6%. the organic increase was primarily due to strong demand for recreational vehicle products and high drop ship fulfillment. we believe that organic growth was constrained by the impact of availability issues at certain suppliers that were not able to meet our demand due to the covid-19 pandemic.
segment ebitda. segment ebitda increased $1 million, or 0.9%, for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the prior year.
the following table summarizes the changes in segment ebitda as a percentage of revenue in our specialty segment:
specialty                                                                                        percentage of total segment revenue segment ebitda for the year ended december 31, 2019                                                               11.0             %
(decrease) increase due to:
change in gross margin                                                                                           (0.6)             %                              (1)
change in segment operating expenses                                                                               0.5             %                              (2)
segment ebitda for the year ended december 31, 2020                                                               10.8             %
note: in the table above, the sum of the individual percentages may not equal the total due to rounding.
(1)    the decrease in gross margin primarily reflects unfavorable impacts of (i) 0.7% due to unfavorable product and channel mix for the year ended december 31, 2020 and (ii) 0.4% driven by higher product cost due to lower supplier discounts received in the current year compared to the prior year, partially offset by a favorable impact of (iii) 0.5% due to freight income, reflecting higher shipping and handling fees tied to increased usage of third party carriers (the offsetting delivery cost is a component of freight expense as mentioned below in the operating expenses discussion).
(2)    the decrease in segment operating expenses reflects a favorable impact of (i) 1.2% in personnel costs due to reduced headcount and reduced hours, partially offset by (ii) a 0.5% unfavorable impact in freight, vehicle and fuel expenses due to an increased use of third party freight, and (iii) several individually immaterial factors that had an unfavorable impact of 0.2% in the aggregate.
liquidity and capital resources the following table summarizes liquidity data as of the dates indicated (in thousands):
december 31, 2020       december 31, 2019
cash and cash equivalents                                                                         $312,154                $523,020
total debt (1)                                                                                   2,896,676               4,072,026
current maturities (2)                                                                              58,810                 326,648
capacity under credit facilities (3)                                                             3,260,000               3,260,000
availability under credit facilities (3)                                                         2,546,081               1,922,671
total liquidity (cash and cash equivalents plus availability under credit facilities)            2,858,235               2,445,691
(1) debt amounts reflect the gross values to be repaid (excluding debt issuance costs of $26 million and $30 million as of december 31, 2020 and december 31, 2019, respectively).
(2) debt amounts reflect the gross values to be repaid (excluding debt issuance costs of immaterial amounts as of both december 31, 2020 and december 31, 2019).
(3)    capacity under credit facilities includes our revolving credit facilities and our receivables securitization facility. availability under credit facilities is reduced by our outstanding letters of credit.
we assess our liquidity in terms of our ability to fund our operations and provide for expansion through both internal development and acquisitions. our primary sources of liquidity are cash flows from operations and our credit facilities. we utilize our cash flows from operations to fund working capital and capital expenditures, with the excess amounts going towards funding acquisitions, paying down outstanding debt or repurchasing our common stock. as we have pursued acquisitions as part of our historical growth strategy, our cash flows from operations have not always been sufficient to cover our investing activities. to fund our acquisitions, we have accessed various forms of debt financing, including revolving credit facilities, senior notes and a receivables securitization facility.
as of december 31, 2020, we had debt outstanding and additional available sources of financing as follows:
•senior secured credit facilities maturing in january 2024, composed of term loans totaling $350 million ($324 million outstanding at december 31, 2020) and $3.15 billion in revolving credit ($643 million outstanding at december 31, 2020), bearing interest at variable rates (although a portion of the outstanding debt is hedged through interest rate swap contracts), with availability reduced by $71 million of amounts outstanding under letters of credit
•euro notes (2024) totaling $611 million (€500 million), maturing in april 2024 and bearing interest at a 3.875% fixed rate
•euro notes (2026/28) totaling $1.2 billion (€1.0 billion), consisting of (i) €750 million maturing in april 2026 and bearing interest at a 3.625% fixed rate, and (ii) €250 million maturing in april 2028 and bearing interest at a 4.125% fixed rate
•receivables securitization facility with availability up to $110 million (no outstanding balance as of december 31, 2020), maturing in november 2021 and bearing interest at variable commercial paper rates as of december 31, 2020, we had approximately $2.5 billion available under our credit facilities. combined with $312 million of cash and cash equivalents at december 31, 2020, we had approximately $2.9 billion in available liquidity, an increase of $413 million from our available liquidity as of december 31, 2019.
we believe that our current liquidity and cash expected to be generated by operating activities in future periods will be sufficient to meet our current operating and capital requirements. to support our liquidity position during the covid-19 pandemic, we focused on preserving cash during the expected period of reduced demand. our action plan to strengthen our liquidity position included a deferral of growth driven capital projects, reductions in inventory orders, more active monitoring of customer receivables and terms, income and value added tax deferrals, and suspension of our share buyback program, in addition to the cost saving measures discussed in the "covid-19 impact on our operations" section above. given our success in strengthening our liquidity position as of september 30, 2020, we recommenced our share buyback program during the fourth quarter of 2020. however, due to the rapidly evolving global situation, it is not possible to predict whether unanticipated consequences of the covid-19 pandemic are reasonably likely to materially affect our liquidity and capital resources negatively in the future.
with $2.9 billion of total liquidity as of december 31, 2020 and $59 million of current maturities, we have access to funds to meet our near term commitments even if the pandemic effect extends longer than our current expectations. we have a surplus of current assets over current liabilities, which further reduces the risk of short term cash shortfalls.
our capital preservation plans delivered the desired results as we repaid approximately $327 million in borrowings from free cash flows generated in the fourth quarter as well as cash on hand and overall in 2020 repaid approximately $1.4 billion in borrowings. our total liquidity has increased by $997 million since march 31, 2020, which we believe puts us in position to manage through the pandemic.
our total liquidity includes availability under our senior secured credit facility, which includes the two financial maintenance covenants presented below (our required debt covenants and our actual ratios with respect to those covenants as calculated per the credit agreement as of december 31, 2020):
covenant level                ratio achieved as of december 31, 2020
maximum net leverage ratio                      5.00:1.00                                                   1.9
minimum interest coverage ratio                 3.00:1.00                                                  14.6
the terms net leverage ratio and minimum interest coverage ratio used in the credit agreement are specifically calculated per the credit agreement and differ in specified ways from comparable gaap or common usage terms.
we amended our senior secured credit facility in june 2020 to increase the maximum net leverage ratio effective with our compliance certificate filed with respect to the second quarter of 2020; refer to "senior secured credit agreement" in note 10, "long-term obligations" to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for information on the june 2020 amendment. we entered into the amendment out of an abundance of caution to reduce the risk of breaching the net leverage covenant if the pandemic had a severe and extended effect on profitability. our internal models from the first quarter of 2020 suggested that we would be able to meet our payment obligations during the pandemic, but there was a risk that we might exceed the maximum 4.0x net leverage ratio in the event a severe downside scenario developed. with the amendment and the better than forecasted performance since the pandemic began, we believe that we have significantly reduced the risk of a covenant breach, including by reducing our net leverage ratio further in the third and fourth quarters of 2020 relative to the second quarter.
the indentures relating to our euro notes do not include financial maintenance covenants, and the indentures will not restrict our ability to draw funds on the credit facility. the indentures do not prohibit amendments to the financial covenants under the credit facility as needed.
in the long term, while we believe that we have adequate capacity under our existing credit facilities, from time to time we may need to raise additional funds through public or private financing, strategic relationships or other arrangements. there can be no assurance that additional funding, or refinancing of our credit facilities, if needed, will be available on terms attractive to us, or at all. furthermore, any additional equity financing may be dilutive to stockholders, and debt financing, if available, may involve restrictive covenants or higher interest costs. our failure to raise capital if and when needed could have a material adverse impact on our business, operating results, and financial condition.
from time to time, we may undertake financing transactions to increase our available liquidity, such as (i) our november 2018 amendment to our senior secured credit facility and (ii) the issuance of the euro notes (2026/28) in april 2018 related to the stahlgruber acquisition. given the long-term nature of our investment in stahlgruber, combined with favorable interest rates, we decided to fund the acquisition primarily through long-term, fixed rate notes. we believe this approach provides financial flexibility to execute our long-term growth strategy while maintaining availability under our revolver. if we see an attractive acquisition opportunity, we have the ability to use our revolver to move quickly and have certainty of funding up to the amount of our then-available liquidity. in january 2020, we redeemed our u.s. notes (2023) to eliminate higher cost debt with lower interest rate borrowings on our credit facilities and cash on hand.
beginning in 2019, a number of our european suppliers began participating in a supply chain financing initiative in select countries under which they may sell their accounts receivable to the participating financial institutions, allowing us to extend payment terms which in turn improves our operating cash flows. the initiative allows our suppliers to monetize the receivables prior to their payment date, subject to payment of a discount. we expect more suppliers will begin participating in our european supply chain financing initiative in 2021. financial institutions participate in the supply chain financing initiative on an uncommitted basis and can cease purchasing receivables from our suppliers at any time. the initiative is at the sole discretion of both the supplier and the financial institution on terms that are negotiated between them. in the future, if the financial institutions did not continue to purchase receivables from our suppliers under the initiative, the participating vendors may have a need to renegotiate their payment terms with us, which in turn could cause our borrowings under our revolving credit facility to increase. all outstanding payments owed under the initiative to the participating financial institutions are recorded within accounts payable in our consolidated balance sheets.
borrowings under the credit agreement accrue interest at variable rates which are tied to libor or the canadian dollar offered rate ("cdor"), depending on the currency and the duration of the borrowing, plus an applicable margin rate that is subject to change quarterly based on our reported leverage ratio. we hold interest rate swaps to hedge the variable rates on a portion of our credit agreement borrowings, with the effect of fixing the interest rates on the respective notional amounts. in addition, we hold currency swaps that contain an interest rate swap component and a foreign currency forward contract component that, when combined with related intercompany financing arrangements, effectively convert variable rate u.s. dollar-denominated borrowings into fixed rate euro-denominated borrowings. these derivative transactions are described in note 11, "derivative instruments and hedging activities" to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k. after giving effect to these contracts, the weighted average interest rate on borrowings outstanding under our credit agreement at december 31, 2020 was 1.7%. including our senior notes, our overall weighted average interest rate on borrowings was 3.1% at december 31, 2020.
after 2021, it is unclear whether banks will continue to provide libor submissions to the administrator of libor. at this time, no consensus exists as to which reference rate or rates may become accepted alternatives to libor, although the alternative reference rates committee, a group of market participants convened by the federal reserve board and the federal reserve bank of new york, has identified the secured overnight financing rate ("sofr") as the recommended alternative to libor. on november 30, 2020, ice benchmark administration, the administrator of libor, with the support of the united states federal reserve and the united kingdom's financial conduct authority, announced plans to consult on ceasing publication of usd libor on december 31, 2021 for the one week and two month usd libor tenors, and on june 30, 2023 for all other usd libor tenors. while this announcement extends the transition period to june 2023, the united states federal reserve concurrently issued a statement advising banks to stop new usd libor issuances by the end of 2021. we cannot currently predict the effect of the discontinuation of, or other changes to, libor or any establishment of alternative reference rates in the united states, the european union or elsewhere on the global capital markets. outstanding debt under our credit agreement, which constitutes the most significant of our libor-based debt obligations, contains provisions that address the potential discontinuation of libor and facilitate the adoption of an alternative rate of interest. we do not believe that the discontinuation of libor, or its replacement with an alternative reference rate or rates, such as the sofr, will have a material impact on our results of operations, financial position or liquidity.
cash interest payments were $107 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, including $64 million in semi-annual interest payments on our euro notes (2024) and euro notes (2026/2028). interest payments on our euro notes (2024) and euro notes (2026/2028) are made in april and october.
we had outstanding credit agreement borrowings of $967 million and $1.6 billion at december 31, 2020 and december 31, 2019, respectively. of these amounts, $18 million was classified as current maturities at december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
the scheduled maturities of long-term obligations outstanding at december 31, 2020 are as follows (in thousands):
years ending december 31:
2021 (1)         $58,810
2022          32,757
2023          25,737
2024       1,532,638
2025           7,104
thereafter       1,239,630
total debt (2)      $2,896,676
(1) maturities of long-term obligations due by december 31, 2021 includes $24 million of short-term debt that may be extended beyond the current due date.
(2) the total debt amounts presented above reflect the gross values to be repaid (excluding debt issuance costs of $26 million as of december 31, 2020).
our credit agreement contains customary covenants that impose limitations and conditions on our ability to enter into certain transactions. the credit agreement also contains financial and affirmative covenants, including limitations on our net leverage ratio and a minimum interest coverage ratio. we were in compliance with all restrictive covenants under our credit agreement as of december 31, 2020.
as of december 31, 2020, the company had cash and cash equivalents of $312 million, of which $275 million was held by foreign subsidiaries. in general, it is our practice and intention to permanently reinvest the undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries, and that position has not changed following the enactment of the tax act and the related imposition of the transition tax. distributions of dividends from our foreign subsidiaries, if any, would be generally exempt from further u.s. taxation, either as a result of the 100% participation exemption under the tax act, or due to the previous taxation of foreign earnings under the transition tax and the gilti regime. we believe that we have sufficient cash flow and liquidity to meet our financial obligations in the u.s. without repatriating our foreign earnings. we may, from time to time, choose to selectively repatriate foreign earnings if doing so supports our financing or liquidity objectives.
the procurement of inventory is the largest operating use of our funds. we normally pay for aftermarket product purchases on standard payment terms or at the time of shipment, depending on the manufacturer and the negotiated payment terms. we normally pay for salvage vehicles acquired at salvage auctions and under direct procurement arrangements at the time that we take possession of the vehicles.
the following table sets forth a summary of our aftermarket and manufactured inventory procurement for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019 (in thousands):
year ended december 31,
2020                         2019                                        change (1)
north america                    $1,033,500                      $1,372,600                   $(339,100)
europe                            3,503,300                       3,966,000                   (462,700)             (2)
specialty                         1,056,200                       1,107,200                   (51,000)
total                            $5,593,000                      $6,445,800                   $(852,800)
(1)inventory purchases across all segments have decreased due to a slowdown in procurement beginning in march 2020 as a response to the covid-19 pandemic.
(2)the decrease in inventory purchases in our europe segment was partially offset by an increase of $71 million attributable to the increase in the value of the euro, and to a lesser extent, the pound sterling, in the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the prior year period.
the following table sets forth a summary of our global wholesale salvage and self service procurement of vehicles for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019 (in thousands):
year ended december 31,
2020                                                                               2019                     % change north america wholesale salvage cars and trucks         230                     309                      (25.6)    %
europe wholesale salvage cars and trucks                 24                      25                       (4.0)    %
self service and "crush only" cars                      574                     591                       (2.9)    %
salvage purchases decreased relative to the prior year as we reduced buying to reflect lower demand during the covid-19 pandemic. purchasing began to increase as the second quarter progressed and revenue increased and continued to increase through the fourth quarter. self service vehicle purchases declined due to supply constraints as certain outlets, such as city impound lots, were unavailable for a portion of the year and individuals held onto vehicles longer during the lockdown measures. purchases increased towards the end of june 2020 and continued to increase through the end of the fourth quarter.
we expect to continue to increase inventory purchases in the first quarter of 2021 to support the service and fill rate requirements of our businesses based on the revenue trend and expectations for 2021, including normal seasonality as we continue into winter. however, we expect to be able to operate effectively at a lower inventory balance than at the end of 2019.
the following table summarizes the components of the year-over-year increase in cash provided by operating activities (in millions):
net cash provided by operating activities for the year ended december 31, 2019            $1,064
increase (decrease) due to:
operating income                                                                              89         (1)
non-cash depreciation and amortization expense                                              (15)
loss/gain on disposal of businesses and impairment of net assets held for sale              (44)         (2)
cash paid for taxes                                                                         (67)         (3)
cash paid for interest                                                                        36
working capital accounts: (4)
receivables, net                                                                              67
inventories                                                                                  418
accounts payable                                                                            (68)
other operating activities                                                                  (36)         (5)
net cash provided by operating activities for the year ended december 31, 2020            $1,444
(1)    refer to the results of operations - consolidated section for further information on the increase in operating income.
(2)    refer to "net assets held for sale" in note 4, "summary of significant accounting policies" to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for information on the net impairment activity recorded for the years ended december 31, 2020 and december 31, 2019.
(3)    cash payments related to income taxes increased for u.s. federal and state income taxes due to (i) $94 million increase in income from continuing operations before income taxes, (ii) tax payment benefits from the loss on disposal of our aviation business in 2019, and (iii) 2018 overpayment credits carried forward into 2019.
(4)    cash flows related to our primary working capital accounts can be volatile as the purchases, payments and collections can be timed differently from period to period.
receivables, net was a $67 million greater inflow in 2020 primarily due to greater cash conversion of accounts receivable balances in the year 2020 in the europe segment (of $60 million) and the north america segment (of $38 million) and the lower revenues due to the covid-19 pandemic. the inflows in north america and europe were partially offset by outflows for the specialty segment (of $31 million) as a result of increased revenues in the fourth quarter of 2020.
inventories represented $418 million in incremental cash inflows in the year 2020 as a result of inventory decreases in the (i) europe segment of $167 million, (ii) north america segment of $141 million, and (iii) specialty segment of $110 million, due to a slowdown in inventory purchases starting in march 2020 due to the covid-19 pandemic as we aligned our inventory balances to the projected demand.
accounts payable produced $68 million in higher cash outflows primarily due to lower accounts payable balances in the north america segment (of $259 million) and the specialty segment (of $8 million) compared to the prior year period, as a result of a slowdown in inventory purchases due to the covid-19 pandemic, partially offset by cash inflows for the europe segment (of $199 million) primarily due to benefits from both improved payment terms and our supply chain financing initiative.
(5)    cash flows from other operating activities decreased $18 million as a result of the timing of value added tax payables payments compared to the prior year. the remaining amount reflects a number of individually insignificant fluctuations in cash paid for other operating activities.
net cash used in investing activities totaled $166 million and $265 million for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. property, plant and equipment purchases were $173 million in 2020 compared to $266 million in the prior year. the period over period decrease in cash outflows for purchases of property, plant and equipment was due to decreased capital spending across our businesses as a result of the covid-19 pandemic. we invested $7 million of cash, net of cash acquired, in business acquisitions during the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to $27 million during the year ended december 31, 2019. we received $22 million of net proceeds from divestitures of businesses held for sale and property, plant and equipment during the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to $35 million in the prior year period.
the following table reconciles net cash provided by operating activities to free cash flow (in thousands):
year ended december 31,
2020                                2019
net cash provided by operating activities                                                 $1,443,870                    $1,064,033
less: purchases of property, plant and equipment                                             172,695                       265,730
free cash flow                                                                            $1,271,175                      $798,303
net cash used in financing activities totaled $1.5 billion and $601 million for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. during the year ended december 31, 2020, net repayments of our borrowings totaled $1.4 billion compared to $301 million during the year ended december 31, 2019. the period over period increase in net repayments of our borrowings includes the $600 million repayment of our u.s. notes (2023) in january 2020. we repurchased $117 million of our common stock in the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to $292 million in the year ended december 31, 2019.
although our efforts are currently scaled back due to the covid-19 pandemic, we intend to continue to evaluate markets for potential growth through the internal development of distribution centers, processing and sales facilities, and warehouses, through further integration of our facilities, and through selected business acquisitions. our future liquidity and capital requirements will depend upon numerous factors, including the costs and timing of our internal development efforts and the success of those efforts, the costs and timing of expansion of our sales and marketing activities, and the costs and timing of future business acquisitions.
off-balance sheet arrangements and future commitments except as described below, we do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements or undisclosed borrowings or debt that would be required to be disclosed pursuant to item 303 of regulation s-k under the securities exchange act of 1934. additionally, we do not have any synthetic leases.
as of december 31, 2020, there were letters of credit outstanding in the aggregate amount of $71 million.
we guarantee the residual values for the majority of our leased vehicles. had we terminated all of our operating leases subject to these guarantees at december 31, 2020, our portion of the guaranteed residual value would have totaled approximately $63 million. see note 13, "leases" to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for further information on leases.
in december 2019, we modified the shares of a noncontrolling interest of a subsidiary acquired in connection with the stahlgruber acquisition and issued new redeemable shares to the minority shareholder. the new redeemable shares contain a put option for all noncontrolling interest shares at a fixed price of $24 million (€21 million) for the minority shareholder exercisable in the fourth quarter of 2023. the put option is outside the control of the company to exercise. see "stockholders'
equity-noncontrolling interest" in note 4, "summary of significant accounting policies" to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for further information.
the following table represents our future commitments under contractual obligations as of december 31, 2020 (in millions):
total                       less than                     1-3 years                       3-5 years                       more than
1 year                                                                                       5 years contractual obligations long-term debt (1)                        $3,275.6                        $140.5                        $225.8                        $1,628.5                        $1,280.8
finance lease obligations (2)                 69.0                          13.1                          19.3                            12.2                            24.4
operating leases (3)                       1,877.5                         298.1                         473.4                           328.8                           777.2
purchase obligations (4)                     831.8                         831.8                             -                               -                               -
other long-term obligations (5)              258.2                         128.5                          94.7                            30.0                             5.0
total                                     $6,312.1                      $1,412.0                        $813.2                        $1,999.5                        $2,087.4
(1) our long-term debt under contractual obligations above includes interest of $436 million on the balances outstanding as of december 31, 2020. the long-term debt balance excludes debt issuance costs, as these expenses have already been paid. interest on our senior notes, notes payable, and other long-term debt is calculated based on the respective stated rates. interest on our variable rate credit facilities is calculated based on the weighted average rates, including the impact of interest rate swaps through their respective expiration dates, in effect for each tranche of borrowings as of december 31, 2020. future estimated interest expense for the next year, one to three years, and three to five years is $94 million, $185 million and $100 million, respectively. estimated interest expense beyond five years is $57 million.
(2) interest on finance lease obligations of $12 million is included based on incremental borrowing or implied rates. future estimated interest expense for the next year, one to three years, and three to five years is $1 million, $1 million and $1 million, respectively. estimated interest expense beyond five years is $9 million.
(3) the operating lease payments above do not include certain tax, insurance and maintenance costs, which are also required contractual obligations under our operating leases but are generally not fixed and can fluctuate from year to year. also, we have excluded future minimum lease payments for leases that have been signed but have not commenced as of december 31, 2020.
(4)    our purchase obligations include open purchase orders for aftermarket inventory.
(5)    our other long-term obligations consist of (i) estimated payments for our self-insurance reserves of $98 million, (ii) outstanding estimated payments of $32 million on the repatriation of earnings as a result of the tax act, (iii) $30 million of social security tax deferrals related to covid-19 relief, (iv) a total of $5 million of guaranteed dividend payments to be made in quarterly installments through january 2024 to the minority shareholder of a subsidiary acquired in connection with the stahlgruber acquisition, and (v) $93 million representing primarily other asset purchase commitments and payments for deferred compensation plans.
the table above excludes amounts related to our defined benefit pension plans. as of december 31, 2020, the projected benefit obligation for our defined benefit pension plans was $212 million, and the fair value of the related plan assets was $59 million. total expected contributions to our pension plans, including amounts that we expect to pay in benefits directly to participants, are $4 million for the year ended december 31, 2021. benefit payments for our funded plans will be made from plan assets, whereas benefit payments for our unfunded plans are made from cash flows from operating activities. see note 14, "employee benefit plans" to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for further information related to our pension plans, including information related to expected benefit payments for the next 10 years and the plan assets available to satisfy those benefit payments.
