item 1a.    risk factors covid-19 risks the covid-19 pandemic has materially and adversely affected, and will likely continue to materially and adversely affect, the company's results of operations, financial position, and liquidity.
in late 2019, an outbreak of covid-19 was identified in wuhan, china. the covid-19 outbreak has since spread and grown globally, including within the united states and, in march 2020, the president of the united states declared a national emergency. the covid-19 pandemic has materially and adversely affected passenger demand and bookings for both business and leisure travel, thereby materially and adversely affecting operating income and cash flows from operations. the company has bolstered its liquidity through the financings discussed in notes 7, 8, and 9 to the consolidated financial statements. in addition, the company has aggressively evaluated all capital spending, discretionary spending, and non-essential costs to identify opportunities for cost reductions or deferrals and significantly reduced annual 2020 cash outlays and spending, compared with original plans. the company's cost reduction actions have included, among others, (i) cutting or deferring non-essential projects; (ii) reducing the company's published flight schedule; (iii) placing a significant number of aircraft in storage; (iv) implementing voluntary separation and time-off programs for employees; (v) substantially suspending all hiring; (vi) reducing the chief executive officer's salary by 20 percent; (vii) reducing the other named executive officer salaries and board of director cash retainer fees by 20 percent through december 31, 2020; and (viii) where possible, modifying vendor and supplier payment terms.
the extent of the impact of the covid-19 pandemic on the company's business and its financial and operational performance will depend on future developments, including (i) the duration, spread, severity, and any recurrence of the covid-19 pandemic, including through any new variant strains of the underlying virus; (ii) the effectiveness and availability of vaccines; (iii) the duration and scope of related federal, state, and local government orders and restrictions; (iv) the extent of the impact of the covid-19 pandemic on overall demand for air travel; and (v) the company's access to capital, all of which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. continued reductions in the company's flight schedule could have a significant negative effect on the company's overall network and operations.
the covid-19 pandemic has caused public health officials to recommend precautions to mitigate the spread of the virus. since the onset of the covid-19 pandemic, federal, state, and local authorities have at various times instituted measures such as imposing testing and self-quarantine requirements, issuing directives forcing businesses to reduce operations or temporarily close, restricting international air travel, and issuing shelter-in-place and similar orders limiting the movement of individuals. additionally, businesses have restricted non-essential travel for their employees. such measures have depressed demand for air travel, disrupted the company's operations, and materially adversely affected the company's business. the resulting cancellations of flights has resulted in a significant amount of cash refunds and the issuance of travel credits to customers. the total value of refunds, excluding taxes and related fees, issued to customers during march 2020, second quarter 2020, third quarter 2020, and fourth quarter 2020, was $248 million, $322 million, $162 million, and $202 million, respectively. the cancellations and cash refunds have negatively affected the company's revenues and liquidity, and the company expects such negative effects to continue. further, due to the fears and restrictions involved with travel in the near term, sales of tickets for future travel have been adversely affected. the company will continue to be materially adversely affected if government authorities extend existing orders or impose new orders or other restrictions intended to mitigate the spread of covid-19, if businesses continue to restrict travel for their employees, or if fear of travel continues to depress future ticket sales.
certain employees of the company, and employees of its suppliers and service providers, including airport and air traffic personnel, have tested positive for or been suspected of having covid-19. these cases have resulted in the closure of facilities, reduction in available staffing, and disruptions to the company's overall operations. additional instances of actual or perceived risk of infection among the company's employees, or its suppliers' or service providers' employees, could further negatively impact the company's operations. the company could also be materially adversely affected if it were unable to effectively maintain a suitably skilled and sized workforce, address employment-related matters, or maintain satisfactory relations with its employees or its employees' representatives.
moreover, the ability to attract and retain passengers depends, in part, upon the perception and reputation of the company and the public's concerns regarding the health and safety of travel generally, especially regarding airline travel. actual or perceived risk of infection on company flights could have a material adverse effect on the public's comfort with air travel, which could harm the company's reputation and business. the company expects it will continue to incur covid-19 related costs as it sanitizes airplanes and implements additional hygiene-related protocol to airplanes, and takes other action to limit infection among its employees and passengers. in addition, the industry may be subject to enhanced health and hygiene requirements in attempts to counteract future outbreaks, which requirements may be costly and take a significant amount of time to implement.
the covid-19 pandemic may also materially and adversely affect the company's supply chain. for example, the company is dependent on boeing as its sole supplier for many of its aircraft parts. see other risk factors and "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" below for further discussion of and risks related to the company's relationship with boeing. the company is also dependent on (i) sole or limited suppliers for aircraft engines and certain other aircraft parts, equipment, and services; (ii) third party vendors; and (iii) service providers. the covid-19 pandemic could result in delays and other performance issues, ceased operations, or even bankruptcies among these suppliers, third party vendors, and service providers. if a supplier, third party vendor, or service provider were unable to timely provide adequate products or support for its products, or otherwise fulfill its commitments to the company, the company's operations could be materially adversely affected.
the effects of the covid-19 pandemic on the financial markets may materially and adversely affect the company's access to capital and cost of capital, including its ability to raise funds through equity or debt financings. the covid-19 pandemic has resulted in significant disruption of global financial markets, which has negatively impacted the value of the company's common stock and its debt ratings and could negatively affect the company's liquidity. for example, as a result of the economic effects of the covid-19 pandemic, in the first half of 2020, moody's, s&p global, and fitch downgraded the company's senior unsecured debt ratings and issuer ratings. if the company's credit ratings were to be further downgraded, or general market conditions were to ascribe higher risk to the company's rating levels, the airline industry, or the company, the company's access to capital and the cost of any debt financing would be negatively affected. the company continues to evaluate potential sources of additional liquidity in the short-term. the terms of future debt agreements could include more restrictive covenants or require incremental collateral, which could further restrict the company's business operations. the extent to which the covid-19 outbreak affects the company's earnings and liquidity will depend, in part, on the company's ability to successfully access capital. there is no guarantee that debt or equity financings will be available in the future to fund the company's obligations, or that they will be available on terms consistent with the company's expectations.
the covid-19 pandemic has also significantly increased economic and demand uncertainty. the current outbreak and continued spread of covid-19 could cause a global recession, which would have a further adverse impact on the company's medium- and long-term financial condition and operations. historically, unfavorable u.s. economic conditions have driven changes in travel patterns, including reduced spending for both leisure and business travel. unfavorable economic conditions, when low fares are often used to stimulate traffic, have also historically hampered the ability of airlines to raise fares to counteract any increases in fuel, labor, and other costs. any significant increases in unemployment in the united states would likely continue to have a negative impact on passenger bookings, and these effects could exist for an extensive period of time.
recent developments with respect to covid-19 vaccines have the potential to affect the scope and duration of the pandemic. while a number of covid-19 vaccines have received regulatory approval and are available in limited quantities in the united states and other parts of the world, a degree of uncertainty exists with respect to the distribution, utilization, and long-term efficacy of vaccinations among the general population. the impact of covid-19 vaccines on the pandemic, demand for air travel, and the company's business remain unknown. even once the pandemic and fears of travel subside, demand for air travel may remain weak for a significant period of time. in particular, consumer behavior related to traveling may be negatively impacted by adverse changes in the perceived or actual economic climate, including higher unemployment rates, declines in income levels, and loss of wealth resulting from the impact of the covid-19 pandemic. the covid-19 pandemic continues to rapidly evolve. the ultimate impact of the covid-19 pandemic is highly uncertain and subject to change.
the company has entered into agreements with the u.s. treasury with respect to funding support pursuant to the payroll support program under the cares act and the payroll support program extension; pursuant to these agreements the company has agreed to certain restrictions on how it operates its business and uses its cash, which could limit the ability of the company to take actions that it otherwise might have determined were in the best interests of the company and its shareholders.
on march 27, 2020, the cares act was signed into law. the cares act provides liquidity in the form of grants and loans to air carriers, such as the company, that incurred, or are expected to incur, covered losses such that the continued operations of the business are jeopardized, as determined by the treasury. in april 2020, the company entered into an agreement with the treasury with respect to funding support pursuant to the payroll support program. in january 2021, the company entered into an additional agreement with the treasury with respect to the payroll support program extension. pursuant to these agreements, the company has agreed to certain restrictions on, and requirements with respect to, its business and operations, including the following:
•the company is prohibited from repurchasing its common stock and from paying dividends or making capital contributions with respect to its common stock through march 31, 2022;
•the company must place certain restrictions on certain higher-paid employee and executive pay, including limiting pay increases and severance pay or other benefits upon terminations, until october 1, 2022;
•the company is prohibited from implementing involuntary terminations or furloughs of its employees (except for death, disability, cause, or certain disciplinary reasons) through march 31, 2021;
•the company may not reduce the salaries, wages, or benefits of its employees (other than its executive officers, or as otherwise permitted under the terms of the payroll support program) through march 31, 2021;
•until march 1, 2022, the company must comply with any requirement issued by the dot that the company maintain certain scheduled air transportation service as dot deems necessary to ensure services to any point served by the company before march 1, 2020; and
•the company must maintain certain internal controls and records relating to the cares act funds, and is subject to additional reporting requirements.
these restrictions and requirements may necessitate that the company take, or limit taking, actions it might otherwise believe to be in the best interests of the company and its shareholders. for example, the restrictions could require that the company change certain of its business practices, risk the company's ability to retain key personnel, and expose the company to additional costs (including increased compliance costs).
boeing 737-max risks the company is currently dependent on boeing as the sole manufacturer of the company's aircraft. prolonged delays completing the faa's requirements to return the boeing 737 max aircraft to customer service, or further regulatory actions by the faa with respect to the max aircraft, could materially and adversely affect the company's business plans, strategies, and results of operations.
the boeing 737 max aircraft are crucial to the company's growth plans and fleet modernization initiatives. on november 18, 2020, the faa rescinded its march 2019 boeing 737 max grounding order, issued an airworthiness directive, and published training requirements enabling the company to begin modifying certain operating procedures, implementing enhanced pilot training requirements, installing faa-approved flight control software updates, and completing other required maintenance tasks specific to the max aircraft. see "business - boeing 737 max grounding" above. in addition to training its active pilots, the company is continuing work on its 34 max aircraft delivered prior to the faa's rescission of the grounding order to prepare each aircraft for the return to customer service, including removing the aircraft from storage, installing the new flight control software updates, and performing required maintenance checks. the company will also conduct multiple readiness flights on each of its max aircraft before each such aircraft is operated in customer service.
the max groundings have adversely affected the company's operations and financial results. while the company has scheduled the max return to service on march 11, 2021, any prolonged delays completing the faa's requirements to return the max aircraft to customer service, or further regulatory actions by the faa with respect to the boeing 737 max aircraft, could require additional flight schedule adjustments, result in delays of aircraft deliveries, and materially and adversely affect the company's business plans, strategies, and results of operations.
boeing no longer manufactures versions of the 737 other than the 737 max family of aircraft. if the 737 max aircraft were to again become unavailable for the company's flight operations, the company's growth would be restricted unless and until it could procure and operate other types of aircraft from boeing or another manufacturer, seller, or lessor, and the company's operations would be materially adversely affected. in particular, if the company's growth were to be dependent upon the introduction of a new aircraft make and model to the company's fleet, the company would need to, among other things, (i) develop and implement new maintenance, operating, and training programs; (ii) secure extensive regulatory approvals; and (iii) implement new technologies. the requirements associated with operating a new aircraft make and model could take an extended period of time to fulfill and would likely impose substantial costs on the company. a shift away from a single fleet type could also add complexity to the company's operations, present operational and compliance risks, and materially increase the company's costs. any of these events would have a material, adverse effect on the company's business, operating results, and financial condition. the company could also be materially adversely affected if the pricing or operational attributes of its aircraft were to become less competitive.
further, even following the rescission of the faa order to ground the max aircraft, the company continues to be reliant on boeing to provide necessary resources and support to return the max to customer service. in addition, following the max return to customer service, the company could face significant operational challenges in efficiently taking delivery of a large number of max aircraft from boeing and reintroducing the max aircraft into the company's network in a controlled and steady manner.
financial risks the airline industry is particularly sensitive to changes in economic conditions; in the event of continued unfavorable economic conditions or economic uncertainty, the company's results of operations could be further negatively affected, which could require the company to further adjust its business strategies.
the airline industry, which is subject to relatively high fixed costs and highly variable and unpredictable demand, is particularly sensitive to changes in economic conditions. historically, unfavorable u.s. economic conditions have driven changes in travel patterns and have resulted in reduced spending for both leisure and business travel. for some consumers, leisure travel is a discretionary expense, and short-haul travelers, in particular, have the option to replace air travel with surface travel. as has become particularly evident as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, businesses and other travelers are able to forego air travel by using communication alternatives such as videoconferencing, business communication platforms, and the internet. in addition, to the extent businesses continue to permit air travel during the covid-19 pandemic, they are more likely to require the purchase of less expensive tickets to reduce costs. this, in turn, can result in a decrease in average revenue per seat. also, as has become particularly evident as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, unfavorable economic conditions, when low fares are often used to stimulate traffic, hamper the ability of airlines to raise fares to counteract any increases in fuel, labor, and other costs. any continuing or future u.s. or global economic uncertainty could further negatively affect the company's results of operations and could cause the company to further adjust its business strategies. additionally, because expenses of a flight do not vary significantly with the number of passengers carried, a relatively small change in the number of passengers can have a disproportionate effect on an airline's operating and financial results. therefore, any continued reduction in airline passenger traffic could continue to adversely affect the company's results of operations.
the company's business can be significantly impacted by high and/or volatile fuel prices, and the company's operations are subject to disruption in the event of any delayed supply of fuel; therefore, the company's strategic plans and future profitability are likely to be impacted by the company's ability to effectively address fuel price increases and fuel price volatility and availability.
airlines are inherently dependent upon energy to operate, and jet fuel and oil represented approximately 14.4 percent of the company's operating expenses for 2020. as discussed above under "business - cost structure," although the airline industry experienced a relatively stable and moderate fuel environment in 2020, the cost of fuel can be extremely volatile and unpredictable, and even a small change in market fuel prices can significantly affect profitability. furthermore, volatility in fuel prices can be due to many external factors that are beyond the company's control. for example, fuel prices can be impacted by political, environmental, and economic factors, such as (i) dependency on foreign imports of crude oil and the potential for hostilities or other conflicts in oil producing areas; (ii) limitations and/or disruptions in domestic refining or pipeline capacity due to weather, natural disasters, or other factors; (iii) worldwide demand for fuel, particularly in developing countries, which can result in inflated energy prices; (iv) changes in u.s. governmental policies on fuel production, transportation, taxes, and marketing; and (v) changes in currency exchange rates.
the company's ability to effectively mitigate the impact of fuel price increases could be limited by factors such as its historical low-fare reputation, the portion of its customer base that purchases travel for leisure purposes, the competitive nature of the airline industry generally, and the risk that higher fares will drive a decrease in demand. the company attempts to manage its risk associated with volatile jet fuel prices by utilizing over-the-counter fuel derivative instruments to hedge a portion of its future jet fuel purchases. however, energy prices can fluctuate significantly in a relatively short amount of time. because the company uses a variety of different derivative instruments at different price points, the company is subject to the risk that the fuel derivatives it uses will not provide adequate protection against significant increases in fuel prices and in some cases could in fact result in hedging losses, which could result in the company effectively paying higher than market prices for fuel, thus creating additional volatility in the company's earnings.
in addition, the company is subject to the risk that its fuel derivatives will no longer qualify for hedge accounting under applicable accounting standards, which can create additional earnings volatility. adjustments in the company's overall fuel hedging strategy, as well as the ability of the commodities used in fuel hedging to qualify for special hedge accounting, could continue to affect the company's results of operations. in addition, there can be no assurance that the company will be able to cost-effectively hedge against increases in fuel prices.
the company's fuel hedging arrangements and the various potential impacts of hedge accounting on the company's financial position, cash flows, and results of operations are discussed in more detail under "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations," "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk," and in note 1 and note 11 to the consolidated financial statements.
the company is also reliant upon the readily available supply and timely delivery of jet fuel to the airports that it serves. a disruption in that supply could present significant challenges to the company's operations and could ultimately cause the cancellation of flights and/or the inability of the company to provide service to a particular airport.
the company's low-cost structure has historically been one of its primary competitive advantages, and many factors have affected and could continue to affect the company's ability to control its costs.
the company's low-cost structure has historically been one of its primary competitive advantages, as it has enabled it to offer low fares, drive traffic volume, grow market share, and, prior to 2020, protect profits; however, as has been the case for the company, the covid-19 pandemic has forced the company's competitors to implement significant cost reduction measures. competitor cost reduction measures such as accelerated fleet retirements, capacity cuts, and headcount reductions, could have a negative impact on the company's relative cost position.
even before the pandemic, the company's low-cost position had been challenged by the significant growth of "ultra-low cost carriers" ("ulccs"), which in some cases have surpassed the company's cost advantage with larger aircraft, increased seat density, and lower wages. ulccs have further introduced "unbundled" service offerings which appeal to price-sensitive travelers through promotion to consumers of an extremely low relative base fare for a seat, while separately charging for related services and products. in response, most major u.s. airlines began to offer expanded cabin segmentation fare products, such as "basic economy" and "premium economy" products. a basic economy product provides for a lower base fare to compete with a ulcc base fare, but may include significant additional restrictions on amenities such as seat assignments (including restrictions on group and family seating), order of boarding, checked baggage and use of overhead bin space, flight changes and refunds, and eligibility for upgrades. a "premium economy" fare targets consumers willing to pay a premium for certain amenities that were previously included in the carriers' base fare (e.g., more favorable seating locations in the main cabin). also in response to competitive ulcc pricing, some carriers removed fare floors for certain routes, leading to a lower fare offering across the industry.
the company's low-cost structure can also be negatively impacted by costs over which the company has limited control. these include costs such as fuel, labor, airport, and regulatory compliance costs.
jet fuel and oil constituted approximately 14.4 percent of the company's operating expenses during 2020, and the company's ability to control the cost of fuel is subject to the external factors discussed in the fifth risk factor above.
salaries, wages, and benefits constituted approximately 52.9 percent of the company's operating expenses during 2020. the company's ability to control labor costs is limited by the terms of its collective-bargaining agreements, and this limited control has negatively impacted the company's low-cost position, in particular in the context of the company's cost reduction efforts during the covid-19 pandemic. as discussed further under "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations," the company's unionized workforce, which makes up approximately 83 percent of its employees, has had pay scale increases as a result of contractual rate increases, which has put pressure on the company's labor costs. additionally, as indicated above under "business - employees," the majority of southwest's unionized employee work groups, including its pilots; flight attendants; ramp, operations, provisioning, and freight agents; customer service agents, customer representatives, and source of support representatives; aircraft appearance technicians; dispatchers; and meteorologists, are in unions currently in negotiations for labor agreements or have labor agreements that become amendable in 2021, which could result in additional pressure on the company's low-cost structure.
as discussed above under "business - regulation," the airline industry is heavily regulated, and the company's regulatory compliance costs are subject to potentially significant increases from time to time based on actions by regulatory agencies that are out of the company's control. additionally, because of airport infrastructure updates and other factors, the company has experienced increased space rental rates at various airports in its network. further, the company cannot control decisions by other airlines to reduce their capacity. when this occurs, certain fixed airport costs are allocated among a fewer number of total flights, which can result in increased landing fees and other costs for the company.
the company is reliant upon third party vendors and service providers, and the company's low-cost advantage is dependent in part on its ability to obtain and maintain commercially reasonable terms with those parties. disruptions to capital markets, shortages of skilled personnel, geopolitical developments, and/or adverse economic conditions could subject certain of the company's third party vendors and service providers to significant financial pressures, which could lead to delays and other performance issues, ceased operations, or even bankruptcies among these third party vendors and service providers. if a third party vendor or service provider is unable to fulfill its commitments to the company, the company may be unable to replace that third party vendor or service provider in a short period of time, or at competitive terms, which could have a material adverse effect on the company's results of operations.
as discussed above under "business - insurance," the company carries insurance of types customary in the airline industry. although the company has been able to purchase aviation, property, liability, and professional insurance via the commercial insurance marketplace, available commercial insurance could be more expensive in the future and/or have material differences in coverage than insurance that has historically been provided and may not be adequate to protect against the company's risk of loss from future events, including acts of terrorism. further, available cyber-security insurance with regards to data protection and business interruption could be more expensive in the future and/or have material differences in coverage than insurance that has historically been provided and may not be adequate to protect the company's risk of loss. with respect to any insurance claims, policy coverages and claims are subject to acceptance by the many insurers involved and may require arbitration and/or mediation to effectively settle the claims over prolonged periods of time. in addition, an accident or other incident involving southwest aircraft could result in costs in excess of its related insurance coverage, which costs could be substantial. any aircraft accident or other incident, even if fully insured, could also have a material adverse effect on the public's perception of the company, which could harm its reputation and business.
as discussed below under "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations," the company experienced significant unit cost pressure in 2019 following the max groundings and in 2020 following the onset of the covid-19 pandemic. historically, except for changes in the price of fuel, changes in operating expenses for airlines have been largely driven by changes in capacity. however, the company's operating expenses are largely fixed once flight schedules are published; and the company experienced lower than expected capacity during 2019 due to the max groundings and, in particular, during 2020 due to the covid-19 pandemic. throughout the duration of the covid-19 pandemic, the company has made schedule adjustments and canceled flights based on consumer demand and booking trends. the continued impact of the covid-19 pandemic is expected to require the company to make additional schedule adjustments and drive additional unit cost pressure.
the company's results of operations could be adversely impacted if it is unable to effectively execute its strategic plans.
the company is reliant on the success of its revenue strategies and other strategic plans and initiatives to grow and to help offset increasing costs. the execution of the company's strategic plans has been significantly negatively affected by the impacts of the covid-19 pandemic, and the company cannot predict the duration or scope of continued impacts from the pandemic. nevertheless, the company has taken multiple actions to bolster its liquidity and better optimize its network in an effort to position itself to opportunistically recover and grow if and as the pandemic subsides. the timely and effective execution of the company's strategies is dependent upon, among other factors, (i) the company's ability to effectively balance its investment of incremental operating expenses and capital expenditures related to its strategies against the need to effectively control costs; (ii) the company's ability to timely and effectively implement, transition, and maintain related information technology systems and infrastructure; (iii) as discussed below, the company's ability to maintain satisfactory relations with its employees or its employees' representatives; and (iv) the company's dependence on third parties with respect to the execution of its strategic plans.
the airline industry is intensely competitive.
as discussed in more detail above under "business - competition," the airline industry is intensely competitive. the company's primary competitors include other major domestic airlines, as well as regional and new entrant airlines, surface transportation, and alternatives to transportation such as videoconferencing, business communication platforms, and the internet. the company's revenues are sensitive to the actions of other carriers with respect to pricing, routes, loyalty programs, scheduling, capacity, customer service, operational reliability, comfort and amenities, cost structure, aircraft fleet, strategic alliances, and code-sharing and similar activities.
information technology risks the company is increasingly dependent on technology to operate its business and continues to implement substantial changes to its information systems; any failure, disruption, breach, or delay in implementation of the company's information systems could materially adversely affect its operations.
the company is increasingly dependent on the use of complex technology and systems to run its ongoing operations and support its strategic objectives. these technologies and systems include, among others, the company's website and reservation system; flight dispatch and tracking systems; flight simulators; check-in kiosks; aircraft maintenance, planning, and record keeping systems; telecommunications systems; flight planning and scheduling systems; crew scheduling systems; human resources systems; and financial planning, management, and accounting systems. the performance, reliability, and security of the company's technology infrastructure and supporting systems are critical to the company's operations and initiatives.
implementation and integration of complex systems and technology present significant challenges in terms of costs, human resources, and development of effective internal controls. implementation and integration require a balancing between the introduction of new capabilities and the managing of existing systems, and present the risk of operational or security inadequacy or interruption, which could materially affect the company's ability to effectively operate its business and/or could negatively impact the company's results of operations.
the company is also reliant upon the performance of its third party vendors for timely and effective implementation and support of many of its technology initiatives and for maintaining adequate information security measures within the services and/or software they deliver. if any of the company's significant technologies or automated systems were to cease functioning, or if its third party vendor service providers were to fail to adequately and timely provide technical support, system maintenance, security, or software upgrades for any of the company's existing systems, the company could experience service interruptions, delays, and loss of critical data, which could harm its operations, and result in financial losses and reputational damage.
in the ordinary course of business, the company's systems will continue to require modification and refinements to address growth and changing business requirements. in addition, the company's systems may require modification to enable the company to comply with changing regulatory requirements. modifications and refinements to the company's systems have been and are expected to continue to be expensive to implement and can divert management's attention from other matters. in particular, during 2020, in connection with the company's efforts to reduce capital and operating expenditures in response to the covid-19 pandemic, the company deferred a significant number of technology projects. in addition, the company's operations could be adversely affected, or the company could face imposition of regulatory penalties, if it were unable to timely or effectively modify its systems as necessary or appropriately balance the introduction of new capabilities with the management of existing systems.
the company has experienced system interruptions and delays that have made its websites and operational systems unavailable or slow to respond, which has prevented the company from efficiently processing customer transactions or providing services. any future system interruptions or delays could reduce the company's operating revenues and the attractiveness of its services, as well as increase the company's costs.
the company's technologies and systems and functions could be damaged or interrupted by catastrophic events beyond its control such as fires, floods, earthquakes, tornadoes and hurricanes, power loss, computer and telecommunications failures, acts of war or terrorism, computer viruses, security breaches, and similar events or disruptions. any of these events could cause system interruptions, delays, and loss of critical data, and could prevent the company from processing customer transactions or providing services, which could make the company's business and services less attractive and subject the company to liability. any of these events could damage the company's reputation and be expensive to remedy.
developing and expanding data security and privacy requirements could increase the company's operating costs, and any failure of the company to maintain the security of certain customer, employee, and business-related information could result in damage to the company's reputation and could be costly to remediate.
the company must receive information related to its customers and employees in order to run its business, and the company's operations depend upon secure retention and the secure transmission of information over public networks, including information permitting cashless payments. this information is subject to the continually evolving risk of intrusion, tampering, and theft. although the company maintains systems to prevent or defend against these risks, these systems require ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies change, and security could be compromised, personal or confidential information could be misappropriated, or system disruptions could occur. in the ordinary course of its business, the company also provides certain confidential, proprietary, and personal information to third parties. while the company seeks to obtain assurances that these third parties will protect this information, there is a risk the security of data held by third parties could be breached. a compromise of the company's security systems could adversely affect the company's reputation and disrupt its operations and could also result in litigation against the company or the imposition of penalties. in addition, it could be costly to remediate. although the company has not experienced cyber incidents that are individually, or in the aggregate, material, the company has experienced cyber-attacks in the past, which have thus far been mitigated by preventative, detective, and responsive measures put in place by the company.
in addition, in response to these types of threats, there has been heightened legislative and regulatory focus on data privacy and security in the united states and elsewhere. as a result, the company must monitor a growing and fast-evolving set of legal requirements in this area. this regulatory environment is increasingly challenging and may present material obligations and risks to the company's business, including significantly expanded compliance requirements, costs, and enforcement risks.
the company has a dedicated cyber-security team and program that focuses on current and emerging data security matters. the company continues to assess and invest in the growing needs of the cyber-security team through the allocation of skilled personnel, ongoing training, and support of the adoption and implementation of technologies coupled with cyber-security risk management frameworks.
during the majority of 2020, and continuing into 2021, the company has offered the ability to work remotely to most of the company's office and clerical employees, including the vast majority of its employees at the company's headquarters campus. maintaining a remote work force significantly increases the risk of cyber incidents and events, such as computer viruses and security breaches, due to increased targeted attacks, which have thus far been mitigated by preventative, detective, and responsive measures put in place by the company.
the company carries a cyber-security insurance policy with regards to data protection and business interruption associated with both security breaches from malicious parties and from certain system failures. however, available cyber-security insurance with regards to data protection and business interruption could be more expensive in the future and/or have material differences in coverage than insurance that has historically been provided and may not be adequate to protect the company's risk of loss.
operational risks the company's business is labor intensive; therefore, the company could be materially adversely affected in the event of conflict with its employees or its employees' representatives.
the airline business is labor intensive, and for the year ended december 31, 2020, salaries, wages, and benefits expense represented approximately 52.9 percent of the company's operating expenses. as discussed further under "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations," and note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, to address the financial impacts of the covid pandemic, the company instituted voluntary separation and extended time off programs to mitigate costs. in addition, during 2020, the company notified its non-unionized employees of impending mandatory pay cuts, which have been avoided due to the company's receipt of additional payroll support funds from treasury under the payroll support program extension. the company also sought equivalent wage and/or work rule concessions from its employees represented for collective bargaining purposes by labor unions. as of december 31, 2020, approximately 83 percent of the company's employees were represented for collective bargaining purposes by labor unions, and because the company was unable to obtain requested concessions from most of its unionized work groups, it sent furlough notices to the employees in these work groups. these notices were also rescinded as a result of the company's receipt of additional payroll support funds from treasury under the payroll support program extension. because of the percentage of its employees represented for collective bargaining purposes by labor unions, prior to the covid-19 pandemic, the company was already particularly exposed in the event of labor-related job actions. the impact of the covid-19 pandemic has heightened the company's exposure and demonstrated the risk that the company's results could be materially adversely affected in the event of conflicts with its employees or its employees' representatives.
the company is currently dependent on a single engine supplier, as well as single suppliers of certain other aircraft parts and equipment; therefore, the company could be materially adversely affected (i) if it were unable to obtain timely or sufficient delivery of aircraft parts or equipment from boeing or other suppliers or adequate maintenance or other support from any of these suppliers, or (ii) in the event of a mechanical or regulatory issue associated with the company's aircraft parts or equipment.
the company is dependent on boeing as its sole supplier for many of its aircraft parts. the company is also dependent on sole or limited suppliers for aircraft engines and certain other aircraft parts, equipment, and services. if boeing, or other suppliers, were unable or unwilling to timely provide adequate products or support for their products, or in the event of a mechanical or regulatory issue associated with engines or other parts, the company's operations could be materially adversely affected. the company could also be materially adversely affected if the pricing or operational attributes of its aircraft equipment were to become less competitive.
the airline industry has faced on-going security concerns and related cost burdens; further threatened or actual terrorist attacks, or other hostilities, even if not made directly on the airline industry, could significantly harm the airline industry and the company's operations.
terrorist attacks or other crimes and hostilities, actual and threatened, have from time to time materially adversely affected the demand for air travel and also have necessitated increased safety and security measures and related costs for the company and the airline industry generally. safety and security measures can create delays and inconveniences, which in turn can reduce the company's competitiveness against surface transportation for short-haul routes and alternatives to transportation such as videoconferencing, business communication platforms, and the internet. additional terrorist attacks or other hostilities, even if not made directly on the airline industry, or the fear of such attacks or other hostilities (including elevated national threat warnings, government travel warnings to certain destinations, travel restrictions, or selective cancellation or redirection of flights due to terror threats) would likely have a further significant negative impact on the company and the airline industry.
the airline industry is affected by many conditions that are beyond its control, which can impact the company's business strategies and results of operations.
in addition to the unpredictable economic conditions and fuel costs discussed above, the company, like the airline industry in general, is affected by conditions that are largely unforeseeable and outside of its control, including, among others:
•adverse weather and natural disasters;
•changes in consumer preferences, perceptions, spending patterns, or demographic trends (including, without limitation, changes in travel patterns due to government shutdowns or sequestration);
•actual or potential disruptions in the air traffic control system (including, for example, as a result of inadequate faa staffing levels due to government shutdowns or sequestration);
•actual or perceived delays at various airports resulting from government shutdowns (including, for example, longer wait-times at tsa checkpoints due to inadequate tsa staffing levels);
•changes in the competitive environment due to industry consolidation, industry bankruptcies, and other factors;
•delays in deliveries of new aircraft (including, without limitation, due to faa groundings of certain aircraft types or due to the closure of the faa's aircraft registry during government shutdowns);
•outbreaks of disease such as the covid-19 pandemic; and
•actual or threatened war, terrorist attacks, government travel warnings to certain destinations, travel restrictions, and political instability.
legal, regulatory, compliance, and reputational risks the company is subject to extensive faa regulation that may necessitate modifications to the company's operations, business plans, and strategies.
the faa promulgates and enforces regulations affecting the airline industry, and exercises extensive regulatory oversight of the company's operations. the faa from time to time also issues orders or directives relating to the maintenance and operation of aircraft. faa orders and directives can be issued with little or no notice, and in certain instances, require the temporary grounding of aircraft and/or the responsive investment of operational and financial resources. the issuance of new faa regulations, regulatory amendments, or orders or directives could result in flight schedule adjustments and groundings or delays in aircraft deliveries, as well as lower operating revenues, operating income, and net income due to a variety of factors, including, among others, (i) lost revenue due to flight cancellations and disruptions as a result of a smaller operating aircraft fleet, (ii) the lack of ability to make corresponding reductions in expenses because of the fixed nature of many expenses, and (iii) possible negative effects on customer confidence and airline choice. government regulation affecting the company is discussed in more detail in the below risk factor and above under "business - regulation."
airport capacity constraints and air traffic control inefficiencies have limited and could continue to limit the company's growth; changes in or additional governmental regulation could increase the company's operating costs or otherwise limit the company's ability to conduct business.
almost all commercial service airports are owned and/or operated by units of local or state governments. airlines are largely dependent on these governmental entities to provide adequate airport facilities and capacity at an affordable cost. in order to operate efficiently, as well as to add service in current and new markets, the company must be able to maintain and/or obtain space and facilities at desirable airports with adequate infrastructure. airport space, facility, and infrastructure constraints may prevent the company from maintaining existing service and/or implementing new service in a commercially viable manner.
similarly, the federal government singularly controls all u.s. airspace, and airlines are dependent on the faa controlling that airspace in a safe and efficient manner. the current air traffic control system is mainly radar-based, supported in large part by antiquated equipment and technologies, and heavily dependent on skilled personnel. as a result, the air traffic control system may not be able to effectively keep pace with future air traffic growth. the faa's protracted transition to modernized air traffic control systems and newer technologies could adversely impact airspace capacity and the overall efficiency of the system, resulting in limited opportunities for the company to grow, longer scheduled flight times, increased delays and cancellations, and increased fuel consumption and aircraft emissions. the continuation of these air traffic control constraints or the faa's inability to meet staffing needs on a long-term basis may have a material adverse effect on the company's operations.
as discussed above under "business - regulation," airlines are also subject to other extensive regulatory requirements. these requirements often impose substantial costs on airlines. the company's strategic plans and results of operations could be negatively affected by changes in law and future actions taken by domestic and foreign governmental agencies having jurisdiction over its operations, including, but not limited to:
•increases in airport rates and charges;
•limitations on airport gate capacity or use of other airport facilities;
•limitations on route authorities;
•actions and decisions that create difficulties in obtaining access at slot-controlled airports;
•actions and decisions that create difficulties in obtaining operating permits and approvals;
•changes to environmental regulations;
•new or increased taxes or fees, including with respect to potential increases to the federal corporate income tax rate;
•changes to laws that affect the services that can be offered by airlines in particular markets and at particular airports;
•restrictions on competitive practices;
•changes in laws that increase costs for safety, security, compliance, or other customer service standards;
•changes in laws that may limit the company's ability to enter into fuel derivative contracts to hedge against increases in fuel prices;
•changes in laws that may limit or regulate the company's ability to promote the company's business or fares;
•airspace closures or restrictions;
•grounding of commercial air traffic by the faa; and
•the adoption of more restrictive locally-imposed noise regulations.
the company is subject to various environmental requirements, including laws and regulations related to climate change and emissions. compliance with new or existing environmental requirements could materially and adversely affect the company's business plans, strategies, and results of operations.
the company is subject to federal, state, local, and international laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment, including those relating to aircraft and ground-based emissions, discharges to water systems, safe drinking water, and the management of hazardous substances and waste materials. certain legislative bodies and regulatory authorities are increasingly focused on climate change and have taken actions to implement additional laws, regulations, and programs intended to protect the environment. for example, as discussed in more detail under "business - regulation," the federal government, as well as several state and local governments, the governments of other countries, and the united nations' international civil aviation organization have implemented legislative and regulatory proposals and voluntary measures intended to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. compliance with laws, regulations, and other programs intended to reduce emissions or otherwise protect the environment may require the company to modify its supply chain practices, secure carbon offset credits or otherwise pay for emissions, or make capital investments to modify certain aspects of its operations. future policy, legal, and regulatory developments relating to the protection of the environment could increase the company's costs and have a material adverse effect on the company's plans and operations.
the company's future results will suffer if it is unable to effectively manage its expanded international operations and/or extended operations ("etops").
the company's international flight offerings are subject to cbp-mandated procedures, which can affect the company's operations, costs, and customer experience. the company has made significant investments in facilities, equipment, and technologies at certain airports in order to improve the customer experience and to assist cbp with its inspection and processing duties; however, the company is not able to predict the impact, if any, that various cbp measures or the lack of cbp resources will have on company revenues and costs, either in the short-term or the long-term.
international flying requires the company to modify certain processes, as the airport environment is dramatically different in certain international locations with respect to, among other things, common-use ticket counters and gate areas, passenger entry requirements (including health requirements imposed in response to the covid-19 pandemic), local operating requirements, and cultural preferences. certain international routes served by the company are also subject to specific aircraft equipage requirements and unique consumer behavior. route-specific equipage requirements and unique consumer behavior, together or individually, may (i) restrict the company's flexibility when scheduling and routing aircraft and crews; (ii) require the company to modify its policies or procedures; and (iii) impact the company's operational performance, costs, and customer experience. in addition, international flying exposes the company to certain foreign currency risks to the extent the company chooses to, or is required to, transact in currencies other than the u.s. dollar. to the extent the company seeks to serve additional international destinations in the future, or to renew its authority to serve certain routes, it may be required to obtain necessary authority from the dot and/or approvals from the faa, as well as any applicable foreign government entity.
the company's operations in non-u.s. jurisdictions may subject the company to the laws of those jurisdictions rather than, or in addition to, u.s. laws. laws in some jurisdictions differ in significant respects from those in the united states, and these differences can affect the company's ability to react to changes in its business, and its rights or ability to enforce rights may be different than would be expected under u.s. laws. furthermore, enforcement of laws in some jurisdictions can be inconsistent and unpredictable, which can affect both the company's ability to enforce its rights and to undertake activities that it believes are beneficial to its business. as a result, the company's ability to generate revenue and its expenses in non-u.s. jurisdictions may differ from what would be expected if u.s. laws governed these operations. although the company has policies and procedures in place that are designed to promote compliance with the laws of the jurisdictions in which it operates, a violation by the company's employees, contractors, or agents or other intermediaries could nonetheless occur. any violation (or alleged or perceived violation), even if prohibited by the company's policies, could have an adverse effect on the company's reputation and/or its results of operations.
in 2019, the company began service to hawaii after receiving approval from the faa for etops, a regulatory requirement to operate between the u.s. mainland and the hawaiian islands. the company is subject to additional, ongoing, etops-specific regulatory and procedural requirements, which present operational and compliance risks to the company's business, including costs associated therewith.
the company is currently subject to pending litigation, and if judgment were to be rendered against the company in the litigation, such judgment could adversely affect the company's operating results.
as discussed below under "legal proceedings," the company is subject to pending litigation.
regardless of merit, these litigation matters and any potential future claims against the company may be both time consuming and disruptive to the company's operations and cause significant expense and diversion of management attention. should the company fail to prevail in these or other matters, the company may be faced with significant monetary damages or injunctive relief that could materially adversely affect its business and might materially affect its financial condition and operating results and could cause reputational harm.
the company's reputation and brand could be harmed if it were to experience significant negative publicity, including through social media.
the company operates in a public-facing industry with significant exposure to social media. negative publicity, whether or not justified, can spread rapidly through social media. to the extent that the company is unable to respond timely and appropriately to negative publicity, the company's reputation and brand can be harmed. damage to the company's overall reputation and brand could have a negative impact on its financial results.
the company's bylaws provide, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, that the united states district court for the northern district of texas or, if such court lacks jurisdiction, the state district court of dallas county, texas, will be the exclusive forum for certain legal actions between the company and its shareholders, which could increase costs to bring a claim, discourage claims, or limit the ability of the company's shareholders to bring a claim in a judicial forum viewed by the shareholders as more favorable for disputes with the company or the company's directors, officers, or other employees.
the company's bylaws provide, to the fullest extent permitted by law, that, unless the company consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the united states district court for the northern district of texas or, if such court lacks jurisdiction, the state district court of dallas county, texas, will, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, be the sole and exclusive forum for (a) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the company; (b) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer, or other employee of the company to the company or the company's shareholders; (c) any action asserting a claim against the company or any director, officer, or other employee of the company pursuant to any provision of the company's restated certificate of formation or bylaws (as either may be amended from time to time) or the texas business organizations code; and (d) any action asserting a claim against the company or any director, officer, or other employee of the company governed by the internal affairs doctrine.
the forum selection provision may increase costs to bring a claim, discourage claims, or limit a shareholder's ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that such shareholder finds favorable for disputes with the company or the company's directors, officers, or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits against the company or the company's directors, officers, and other employees. alternatively, if a court were to find the forum selection provision contained in the company's bylaws to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, the company could incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions. the exclusive forum provision in the bylaws will not preclude or contract the scope of exclusive federal or concurrent jurisdiction for actions brought under the federal securities laws including the securities exchange act of 1934 or the securities act of 1933, or the respective rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.
item 7.        management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations year in review in late february 2020, the company began to see a negative impact from the covid-19 pandemic, which quickly accelerated during the first quarter and continued throughout the remainder of the year. as a consequence, the company experienced its first annual net loss in 48 years. the company's prior trend of 47 consecutive years of profitability was a feat unmatched in the u.s. airline industry.
both gaap and non-gaap results, shown in the following tables, were impacted by the pandemic. see note regarding use of non-gaap financial measures and the reconciliation of reported amounts to non-gaap financial measures for additional detail regarding non-gaap financial measures.
year ended
(in millions, except per share amounts)                  december 31, gaap                                            2020                       2019                        percent change operating income (loss)                                  $(3,816)                         $2,957       n.m.
net income (loss)                                        $(3,074)                         $2,300       n.m.
net income (loss) per share, diluted                     $(5.44)                           $4.27       n.m.
non-gaap operating income (loss)                                  $(5,032)                         $2,957       n.m.
net income (loss)                                        $(3,512)                         $2,300       n.m.
net income (loss) per share, diluted                     $(6.22)                           $4.27       n.m.
the covid-19 pandemic depressed the demand for air travel and negatively impacted both gaap and non-gaap results year-over-year. operating revenues for the year ended december 31, 2020 decreased 59.7 percent as the company experienced load factors and yields that were considerably lower than historical levels. the company took action to reduce capacity and swiftly cut costs, which generated a reduction in operating expenses of 33.9 percent. however, due to the fixed nature of a large portion of the company's cost structure, especially in the short-term, the reduction in operating expenses was not enough to overcome the dramatic decline in revenues.
for periods prior to second quarter 2020, the company provided its calculation of non-gaap return on invested capital ("roic") as a measure of financial performance used by management to quantify the company's effectiveness in generating returns relative to the capital invested in the business. by second quarter 2020, the precipitous drop in passenger demand and bookings caused by covid-19 resulted in a material and adverse effect on the company's operating income and cash flows from operations. as a result, management ceased focus on roic and instead has since focused on bolstering the company's liquidity through cost reductions, financings, sale-leaseback transactions, and securities offerings. accordingly, the company has chosen not to present roic in this form 10-k and does not expect to present it again until and if the operating environment normalizes sufficiently to return the company to operating income instead of operating loss.
see notes 2 and 7 to the consolidated financial statements for further information on the significant impacts to the company's operations, financial performance, and liquidity from the covid-19 pandemic.
2021 outlook thus far in 2021, the company experienced stalled demand in january and bookings for february 2021, primarily driven by the high level of covid-19 cases and hospitalizations, as well as a seasonally weaker time period for leisure travel demand following the holidays. however, trip cancellations have stabilized and january 2021 operating revenues are expected to improve slightly compared with the company's previous estimations for january
2021 operating revenues provided mid-december 2020, primarily due to stronger leisure passenger demand in the january holiday return travel period and a slight improvement in load factor. the following table presents selected preliminary estimates of operating revenue, load factor, and capacity for january and february 2021:
estimated               estimated january 2021            february 2021
operating revenues year-over-year         down 65% to 70%         down 65% to 75%
previous estimation                       down 65% to 75%         (a)
as compared with 2019                     down 65% to 70%         down 65% to 75%
load factor                               50% to 55%              50% to 55%
previous estimation                       45% to 55%              (a)
asms year-over-year                       down ~41%               down ~46%
previous estimation                       down 40% to 45%         down 40% to 45%
as compared with 2019                     down ~43%               down ~45%
(a) no previous estimation provided.
the company estimates its march 2021 capacity to decrease approximately 16 percent, year-over-year, or 31 percent, compared with march 2019. the company estimates its first quarter 2021 capacity to decrease approximately 35 percent year-over-year, primarily driven by the continued negative effects of the pandemic.
excluding fuel and oil expense and special items, first quarter 2021 operating expenses are expected to decrease in the range of 15 to 20 percent, year-over-year, primarily due to lower capacity, year-over-year, as well as an estimated $400 million of cost savings from voluntary separation and extended leave programs. see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for further description of these programs. the year-over-year projections do not reflect the potential impact of fuel and oil expense, special items, and profitsharing expense in both years because the company cannot reliably predict or estimate these items or expenses or their impact to its financial statements in future periods, especially considering the significant volatility of the fuel and oil expense line item. accordingly, the company believes a reconciliation of non-gaap financial measures to the equivalent gaap financial measures for projected results is not meaningful or available without unreasonable effort.
covid-19 pandemic in response to the far-reaching impacts of the covid-19 pandemic, the company has taken significant measures to enhance and expand upon its already generous and flexible ticketing policies, and to support the well-being of both its employees and passengers on a daily basis. these have included, but are not limited to the following:
•travel funds created because of a flight cancellation between march 1, 2020 and september 7, 2020, will now expire september 7, 2022.
•travel funds that would otherwise have expired between march 1, 2020 and september 7, 2020, will now expire september 7, 2022.
•rapid rewards® loyalty program members who have travel funds that were set to expire, or funds that were created between march 1, 2020 and september 7, 2020, had the option to convert those travel funds into rapid rewards points at the same rate as they were able to purchase a ticket with points, through december 15, 2020.
•all rapid rewards loyalty program members with an account opened by december 31, 2020 received a "boost" of 15,000 tier qualifying points and 10 flight credits toward a-list and a-list preferred status, and 25,000 companion pass qualifying points and 25 flight credits toward companion pass status.
•all current a-list and a-list preferred tier status members on april 1, 2020 earned status has been extended through december 31, 2021.
•companion pass members earned status on april 1, 2020 has been extended through december 31, 2021.
•enhanced aircraft cleaning procedures have been applied since march 4, 2020.
•procedures and protocol have been implemented with the requirement that employees and customers (age two or over) must wear masks or face coverings.
•measures to support physical distancing, including messaging to customers and employees, and modified boarding procedures, have been implemented.
•a customer health declaration, which must be acknowledged prior to travel, has been implemented.
•an employee health declaration, which all employees are expected to acknowledge, has been implemented.
•the company continues to offer the ability to work remotely to most of the company's office and clerical employees, including the vast majority of its more than 6,000 employees at the company's headquarters campus in dallas, texas.
the company continues to communicate with its entire workforce on the employment of best practices and centers for disease control and prevention guidelines in the current environment while at work, especially considering that a large portion of its employees come into direct contact with customers on a daily basis.
as detailed in note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, in connection with the major negative impact of covid-19 on air carriers, the company has received significant financial assistance from the u.s. department of treasury (the "treasury") pursuant to the payroll support program established pursuant to the coronavirus aid, relief, and economic security act (the "cares act"). amounts received under the payroll support program were approximately $3.4 billion and were utilized to directly offset payroll expenses incurred by the company, including specified benefits, between april 2020 and september 2020. during 2020, the company issued a promissory note in favor of the treasury in the aggregate amount of $976 million and issued warrants valued at a total of $40 million to purchase up to an aggregate of 2.7 million shares of the company's common stock, subject to adjustment pursuant to the terms of the warrants. of the approximate $3.4 billion, $2.4 billion consists of a grant that does not require repayment. approximately $2.3 billion of the direct payroll support of $2.4 billion was allocated on a pro-rata basis as a contra-expense line item in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income (loss) between second and third quarters of 2020, with the remaining $40 million allocated to the value of warrants issued from the company to the treasury.
in accordance with restrictions contained in the cares act, and except as permitted or required under the payroll support program, the company did not (1) conduct involuntary terminations or furloughs or (2) reduce the salaries, wages, or benefits of any employee, in each case between the date of the payroll support program agreement and september 30, 2020.
in january 2021, the company entered into definitive documentation with the treasury for further payroll support under the consolidated appropriations act, 2021 (the "payroll support program extension"). amounts received or to be received under the payroll support program extension are expected to total approximately $1.7 billion and will be utilized to directly offset payroll expenses incurred by the company, including specified benefits, between january 2021 and march 2021. of this total, approximately $1.2 billion consists of a grant that will not require repayment. the company currently expects this direct payroll support of $1.2 billion will be classified as a contra-expense line item in the unaudited condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive income (loss) during first quarter 2021. the company has issued a promissory note in favor of the treasury in an initial amount of approximately $229 million and expects the amount to total approximately $488 million once the remaining payroll support is received. see note 2 for further information.
in accordance with restrictions contained in the payroll support program extension, and except as permitted or required under the payroll support program extension, the company has agreed not to (1) conduct involuntary terminations or furloughs or (2) reduce the salaries, wages, or benefits of any employee, in each case between the date of the payroll support program extension agreement and march 31, 2021.
during second quarter 2020, the company introduced voluntary separation program 2020 and the extended emergency time off ("extended eto") program which aligned staffing to reduced flight schedules and enabled the company to avoid involuntary furloughs and layoffs through 2020. employees had until july 15, 2020, to determine whether to participate in one of these programs, and approximately 15,000 employees elected to do so. the company continues to evaluate and evolve its extended eto program in early 2021, including offering additional extended eto opportunities of one, two, or three month durations to certain employees who are either not currently participating in extended eto, or who are currently on extended eto set to expire in coming months. in accordance with applicable accounting guidance, the company recorded a total charge of $1.4 billion in 2020 related to the special termination benefits for employees who had accepted the company's offer to participate in its voluntary separation program 2020 and the special benefits for employees who participated in its extended eto program; the accrual is being reduced as program benefits are paid. this program has allowed the company to reduce its fixed cost structure in the near-term, while maintaining the ability to adjust to a recovery in travel demand. see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for further information. as a result of these voluntary programs, the company's salaries, wages, and benefits costs were lowered by approximately $565 million in 2020. the company expects an incremental $600 million of annual 2021 cost savings from these two programs, for a total reduction in salaries, wages, and benefits of approximately $1.2 billion, compared with annual 2019. in addition, employees could take emergency time off ("eto") for a calendar month, or time off without pay ("towop") or leave without pay ("lwop") in smaller time increments. between march 2020 and december 2020, the eto, towop, and lwop programs accounted for a savings of approximately $265 million.
company overview as of december 31, 2020, the company operated approximately 50 percent of the daily departures operated as of december 31, 2019, prior to the impacts of the pandemic. the company is pursuing additional revenue opportunities that utilize idle aircraft and employees to provide southwest's legendary customer service to new, popular destinations. the company is leveraging additional airports in or near cities where its customer base is large, along with adding easier access to popular leisure-oriented destinations from across its domestic-focused network. these additional service points on the company's map are opportunities it can provide customers now, all while better positioning the company for a travel demand rebound. the company launched service to six new destinations in 2020:
•hilo international airport - january 19, 2020
•cozumel international airport - march 7, 2020
•miami international airport and palm springs international airport - november 15, 2020
•montrose regional airport (telluride and crested butte) and yampa valley regional airport (steamboat springs) - december 19, 2020
the company has also announced other new destinations and expected service commencement dates including:
•chicago o'hare international airport and sarasota bradenton international airport - february 14, 2021
•colorado springs municipal airport and savannah/hilton head international airport - march 11, 2021
•houston's george bush intercontinental airport and santa barbara airport - april 12, 2021
•fresno yosemite international airport - april 25, 2021
•jackson-medgar wiley evers international airport in mississippi - june 6, 2021
as previously reported, the company suspended international operations in first quarter 2020 and has resumed selected service as follows:
•mexico and the caribbean via cancun, san jose del cabo/los cabos, and montego bay - july 1, 2020
•puerto vallarta, mexico - october 8, 2020
•punta cana, dominican republic, and aruba - november 4, 2020
•havana, cuba - december 6, 2020
the company also resumed service to nassau on july 1, 2020, but in response to new local restrictions imposed by the bahamian government, the company again suspended operations effective july 22, 2020. the company is scheduled to resume service to cozumel, mexico in first quarter 2021. service to the company's other international destinations is expected to resume pending the easing of government restrictions.
the company achieved its goal of launching global distribution system ("gds") access for corporate travelers in 2020, now at industry-standard participation with amadeus' gds platform and travelport's multiple gds platforms: apollo, worldspan, and galileo. also, in december 2020, the company reached a full-participation gds agreement with sabre, planned to launch in the second half of 2021. the company's enhancement of its gds channel strategy complements its goal of distributing its everyday low fares to more corporate travelers through their preferred channel.
on november 18, 2020, the federal aviation administration (the "faa") issued official requirements to enable airlines to return the boeing 737 max to service. the company is currently working to meet the faa's requirements by modifying certain operating procedures, implementing enhanced pilot training requirements, installing faa-approved flight control software updates, and completing other required maintenance tasks specific to the max aircraft. the company has scheduled the max return to revenue service on march 11, 2021, after the company is expected to have met all faa requirements and all active pilots are expected to have received updated, max-related training.
the company continues its fleet modernization program and expects to retire a significant amount of its boeing 737-700 fleet over the next 10-15 years. the company evaluates whether to adhere to or alter its aircraft retirement plans in light of the covid-19 pandemic and other factors, including whether to retain aircraft longer or accelerate retirements and replacements. the company plans to use the boeing 737 max 8 aircraft in its fleet modernization program and believes it will also have use for smaller aircraft such as the boeing 737 max 7.
during december 2020, the company took delivery of seven new leased boeing 737 max 8 aircraft from third parties. the company recently reached an agreement with the boeing company (the "boeing agreement") to take delivery of the delayed max aircraft and currently expects to receive 35 max 8 deliveries through the end of 2021 consisting of 19 purchased aircraft and 16 leased aircraft (including the seven leases received in december 2020). based on current delivery and retirements plans, the company currently expects its fleet in 2021 to decrease from its fleet of 747 aircraft as of december 31, 2019. the details of the boeing agreement, which included the settlement of 2020 estimated damages relating to the grounding of the company's 737 max 8 aircraft, are confidential. however, as a result of certain delivery credits provided in the boeing agreement, as well as progress payments made to date on undelivered aircraft, the company currently estimates an immaterial amount of aircraft capital expenditures in 2021. see note 17 to the consolidated financial statements and "liquidity and capital resources" for further information.
the company and boeing are in discussions to change the company's aircraft order book, and the company expects to make further adjustments to the delivery schedule. the company offers no assurances that current estimations and timelines will not be changed.
2020 compared with 2019
operating revenues passenger revenues for 2020 decreased by $13.1 billion, or 63.1 percent, compared with 2019. on a unit basis, passenger revenues decreased 43.9 percent, year-over-year. the decreases in passenger revenues on both a dollar and unit basis were primarily due to the impact of the covid-19 pandemic, which resulted in significant reductions in capacity and a sharp decline in passenger demand and bookings during 2020.
freight revenues for 2020 decreased by $11 million, or 6.4 percent, compared with 2019, primarily due to fewer trips flown, coupled with worldwide supply chain disruptions which reduced cargo demand. this reduction was partially offset by an increase in freight only activities, as the company transported supplies in response to the covid-19 pandemic.
other revenues for 2020 decreased by $258 million, or 17.4 percent, compared with 2019. the decrease was primarily due to a decrease in income from business partners, including chase bank usa, n.a. ("chase") and the impact on spend on the company's co-brand card, driven by the decline in consumer spending due to economic uncertainty and widespread restrictions related to the covid-19 pandemic.
operating expenses operating expenses for 2020 decreased by $6.6 billion, or 33.9 percent, compared with 2019, while capacity decreased 34.2 percent over the same period. historically, except for changes in the price of fuel, changes in operating expenses for airlines have been largely driven by changes in capacity, or asms. however, the company's operating expenses are largely fixed once flight schedules are published, and the company has experienced significant asm reductions as a result of flight schedule adjustments related to the covid-19 pandemic. flight schedule adjustments are expected to drive unit cost pressure for the duration of the covid-19 pandemic, excluding any impacts associated with grants received under the cares act, the payroll support program extension, or other legislation. see "covid-19 pandemic" above and note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for further information. the following table presents the company's operating expenses per asm for 2020 and 2019, followed by explanations of these changes on a per asm basis and dollar basis:
year ended december 31,                   per asm                   percent
(in cents, except for percentages)                                    2020                          2019                    change                    change salaries, wages, and benefits                                    6.58    ¢                     5.27    ¢                 1.31    ¢                 24.9    %
payroll support and voluntary employee programs, net           (0.94)                             -                    (0.94)                           n.m.
fuel and oil                                                     1.78                          2.76                    (0.98)                    (35.5)
maintenance materials and repairs                                0.72                          0.78                    (0.06)                     (7.7)
landing fees and airport rentals                                 1.21                          0.87                      0.34                      39.1
depreciation and amortization                                    1.21                          0.78                      0.43                      55.1
other operating expenses, net                                    1.87                          1.92                    (0.05)                     (2.6)
total                                                           12.43    ¢                    12.38    ¢                 0.05    ¢                  0.4    %
operating expenses per asm for 2020 increased by 0.4 percent, compared with 2019. the year-over-year unit cost increase in 2020 was primarily driven by significant capacity reductions as a result of the covid-19 pandemic. the increase was partially offset by decreases in market jet fuel prices, coupled with the funding received through the payroll support program, net of an accrual made for employees that elected to participate in voluntary separation program 2020 or extended eto programs. see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for further information. operating expenses per asm for 2020, excluding fuel and oil expense, special items, and profitsharing (a non-gaap financial measure), increased 28.1 percent year-over-year, primarily due to the significant reduction in capacity associated with the covid-19 pandemic. see note regarding use of non-gaap financial measures and the reconciliation of reported amounts to non-gaap financial measures for additional detail regarding non-gaap financial measures.
salaries, wages, and benefits expense for 2020 decreased by $1.5 billion, or 17.9 percent, compared with 2019. on a per asm basis, salaries, wages, and benefits expense for 2020 increased 24.9 percent, compared with 2019. on a dollar basis, the decrease was primarily the result of no profitsharing expense accrual in 2020 due to the company's net loss, compared with a profitsharing accrual of $667 million in 2019. on a per asm basis, however, the dollar decrease was more than offset by the 34.2 percent decrease in capacity. excluding profitsharing in both years, the dollar decrease was driven by lower salaries, wages, and benefits expense, as a result of employees electing voluntary separation program 2020, extended eto, and other time off programs offered by the company.
on october 5, 2020, the company announced planned pay reductions for non-contract employees and its intention to approach union leaders for concessions, in further efforts to reduce operating expenses, as there was uncertainty surrounding an extension of the payroll support program. the company conducted negotiations with various unionized employee groups. warn notices were subsequently issued to various groups that were unable to reach agreements on concessions. these warn notices and pay reduction intentions were retracted after the payroll support program extension was signed into law.
the following table sets forth the company's unionized employee groups with amendable contracts that are currently in negotiations on collective-bargaining agreements:
employee group                                                                                                approximate number of employees                                                                           representatives   amendable date southwest pilots                                                                                                                        8,500                                          southwest airlines pilots' association ("swapa")   september 2020
southwest flight attendants                                                                                                            15,400                         transportation workers of america, afl-cio, local 556 ("twu 556")   november 2018
southwest customer service agents, customer representatives, and source of support representatives                                      6,400        international association of machinists and aerospace workers, afl-cio ("iam 142")   december 2018
southwest aircraft appearance technicians                                                                                                 160                                         aircraft mechanics fraternal association ("amfa")   november 2020
southwest dispatchers                                                                                                                     390                         transportation workers of america, afl-cio, local 550 ("twu 550")   june 2019
southwest meteorologists                                                                                                                   10                                                                                   twu 550   june 2019
during january 2021, the company's flight crew training instructors, represented by transportation workers of america, ratified a tentative collective-bargaining agreement with the company. the newly ratified contract becomes amendable in january 2022.
payroll support and voluntary employee programs, net for 2020 was a net decrease to expense of $967 million, compared with no amounts for 2019. on a per asm basis, payroll support and voluntary employee programs, net for 2020 was a net reduction of 0.94 cents. the company recognized a $2.3 billion allocation of payroll support program proceeds as a reduction to 2020 expenses as part of the cares act. the company also recognized a total of $1.4 billion in expense in 2020 associated with the voluntary separation program 2020 and extended eto elections. given the unusual nature of each of these items, the company has chosen to net them within a single line item in the consolidated statement of income (loss). see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
fuel and oil expense for 2020 decreased by $2.5 billion, or 57.5 percent, compared with 2019. on a per asm basis, fuel and oil expense decreased 35.5 percent, compared with 2019, due to lower market jet fuel prices. on a dollar basis, the majority of the decrease was attributable to a significant decrease in fuel gallons consumed, and the remainder of the decrease was due to lower market jet fuel prices. the following table provides more information on the company's economic fuel cost per gallon:
year ended december 31,
(per gallon)                                                  2020   2019
economic fuel costs per gallon                          $1.49                           $2.09
fuel hedging premium expense per gallon                 $0.08                           $0.05
fuel hedging cash settlement gains per gallon              $-                         $(0.02)
see note regarding use of non-gaap financial measures and the reconciliation of reported amounts to non-gaap financial measures for additional detail regarding non-gaap financial measures. the company continued to operate fewer of its oldest, least fuel-efficient boeing 737-700 aircraft as a result of capacity reductions due to the covid-19 pandemic, which, combined with lower load factors, resulted in a year-over-year improvement of 7.4 percent in fuel efficiency in 2020. the company currently estimates first quarter 2021 fuel efficiency to improve in the range of five to six percent, year-over-year, primarily driven by a continuation of lower utilization of its 737-700
59
aircraft and the company's continued efforts to reduce its fuel consumption through fleet modernization with the anticipated benefits of the reintroduction of the max aircraft.
as of january 21, 2021, on an economic basis, the company had derivative contracts in place related to expected future fuel consumption as follows:
period                                          maximum fuel hedged (gallons in millions) (a)(b)
2021                                                                                     1,283
2022                                                                                     1,220
2023                                                                                       643
beyond 2023                                                                                       101
(a) the company's hedge position includes prices at which the company considers "catastrophic" coverage. the maximum gallons provided are not indicative of the company's hedge coverage at every price, but represent the highest level of coverage at a single price. see note 11 to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
(b) the company holds derivative contracts at various brent crude oil and west texas intermediate ("wti") crude oil price levels to provide protection against energy market price fluctuations. these gallons that are covered by derivative contracts represent the maximum number of gallons hedged for each respective period, which may be at different strike prices and at strike prices materially higher than the current market prices. the volume of gallons covered by derivative contracts that ultimately get exercised in any given period may vary significantly from the volumes provided, as market prices and the company's fuel consumption fluctuates.
as a result of applying hedge accounting in prior periods, the company has amounts in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ("aoci") that will be recognized in earnings in future periods when the underlying fuel derivative contracts settle. the following table displays the company's estimated fair value of remaining fuel derivative contracts (not considering the impact of the cash collateral provided to or received from counterparties - see note 11 to the consolidated financial statements for further information), as well as the amount of deferred losses in aoci at december 31, 2020, and the expected future periods in which these items are expected to settle and/or be recognized in earnings (in millions):
year                             fair value of fuel   amount of losses deferred derivative contracts   in aoci at december 31, at december 31, 2020   2020 (net of tax)
2021                                   $13            $(54)
2022                                    71            (25)
2023                                    41            (13)
beyond 2023                              9            -
total                                 $134            $(92)
assuming no changes to the company's current fuel derivative portfolio, but including all previous hedge activity for fuel derivatives that have not yet settled, and considering only the expected net cash receipts related to hedges that will settle, the company is providing the below sensitivity table for first quarter 2021 and full year 2021 jet fuel prices at different crude oil assumptions as of january 21, 2021, and for expected premium costs associated with settling contracts each period, respectively.
estimated economic fuel price per gallon, including taxes and fuel hedging premiums (e)
average brent crude oil                                      first quarter 2021 (c)                                          full year 2021 (d)
price per barrel
$40                                               $1.30 - $1.40                                               $1.25 - $1.35
$50                                               $1.45 - $1.55                                               $1.50 - $1.60
current market (a)                                               $1.60 - $1.70                                               $1.65 - $1.75
$60                                               $1.65 - $1.75                                               $1.75 - $1.85
$70                                               $1.85 - $1.95                                               $2.05 - $2.15
$80                                               $1.90 - $2.00                                               $2.15 - $2.25
estimated fuel hedging premium expense per gallon (b)                                                       $0.09                                                         (f)
estimated premium costs (b)                                                 $25 million                                                $100 million
(a) brent crude oil average market prices as of january 21, 2021, were approximately $56 and $55 per barrel for first quarter 2021 and full year 2021, respectively.
(b) fuel hedging premium expense per gallon is included in the company's estimated economic fuel price per gallon estimates above.
(c) based on the company's existing fuel derivative contracts and market prices as of january 21, 2021, first quarter 2021 economic fuel costs are estimated to be in the $1.60 to $1.70 per gallon range, including fuel hedging premium expense of approximately $25 million, or $.09 per gallon, and no cash settlements from fuel derivative contracts, on a per gallon basis. see note regarding use of non-gaap financial measures.
(d) based on the company's existing fuel derivative contracts and market prices as of january 21, 2021, annual 2021 economic fuel costs are estimated to be in the $1.65 to $1.75 per gallon range, including fuel hedging premium expense of approximately $100 million and no cash settlements from fuel derivative contracts, on a per gallon basis. see note regarding use of non-gaap financial measures.
(e) the company's current fuel derivative contracts contain a combination of instruments based in wti and brent crude oil; however, the economic fuel price per gallon sensitivities provided, assume the relationship between brent crude oil and refined products based on market prices as of january 21, 2021. economic fuel cost projections do not reflect the potential impact of special items because the company cannot reliably predict or estimate the hedge accounting impact associated with the volatility of the energy markets, the impact of covid-19 cases on air travel demand, or the impact to its financial statements in future periods. accordingly, the company believes a reconciliation of non-gaap financial measures to the equivalent gaap financial measures for projected results is not meaningful or available without unreasonable effort. see note regarding use of non-gaap financial measures.
(f) due to continued uncertainty regarding available seat mile plans for 2021, the company cannot reasonably provide an estimate for its full year 2021 full hedging premium expense per gallon.
maintenance materials and repairs expense for 2020 decreased by $473 million, or 38.7 percent, compared with 2019. on a per asm basis, maintenance materials and repairs expense decreased 7.7 percent, compared with 2019, as the dollar decrease was largely offset by the 34.2 percent decrease in capacity in response to the covid-19 pandemic. on a dollar basis, approximately 50 percent of the decrease was due to lower engine maintenance expense due to the reduction in flight hours, approximately 25 percent of the decrease was due to the timing of regular airframe maintenance checks, and the majority of the remainder of the decrease was due to reduced operations and placing a portion of the fleet in storage.
landing fees and airport rentals expense for 2020 decreased by $123 million, or 9.0 percent, compared with 2019. on a per asm basis, landing fees and airport rentals expense increased 39.1 percent, compared with 2019, as the dollar decrease was more than offset by the 34.2 percent decrease in capacity in response to the covid-19 pandemic. on a dollar basis, the majority of the decrease was due to lower landing fees as a result of the reduced number of trips flown in 2020 as a result of the covid-19 pandemic.
depreciation and amortization expense for 2020 increased by $36 million, or 3.0 percent, compared with 2019. on a per asm basis, depreciation and amortization expense increased 55.1 percent, compared with 2019, primarily as a result of the 34.2 percent decrease in capacity in response to the covid-19 pandemic. on a dollar basis, the increase was primarily associated with the deployment of new technology assets.
other operating expenses, net for 2020 decreased by $1.1 billion, or 36.4 percent, compared with 2019. on a per asm basis, other operating expenses, net decreased 2.6 percent, compared with 2019. on both a dollar and per asm basis, a significant portion of the decreases were due to $222 million gains from the sale-leaseback of ten 737-800 and ten 737 max 8 aircraft to third parties in two separate transactions in second quarter 2020, which reduced other operating expenses for second quarter 2020. the gains were partially offset by $32 million in impairment charges associated with 20 of the company's boeing 737-700 aircraft that were retired in fourth quarter 2020. the gains from the sale-leaseback transactions and impairment charges were considered special items and thus excluded from the company's non-gaap results. see note regarding use of non-gaap financial measures and the reconciliation of reported amounts to non-gaap financial measures for additional detail regarding non-gaap financial measures. see note 8 to the company's consolidated financial statements for further information. excluding these special items, on a per asm basis, other operating expenses increased as the dollar decrease was more than offset by the 34.2 percent decrease in capacity in response to the covid-19 pandemic. on a dollar basis, excluding the impact of the special items, approximately 40 percent of the decrease was due to lower credit card fees driven by a severe reduction in revenues associated with the covid-19 pandemic, and the majority of the remainder of the decrease was from various savings as a result of supporting a reduced operation and efforts to reduce discretionary spend.
other other expenses (income) include interest expense, capitalized interest, interest income, and other gains and losses.
interest expense for 2020 increased by $231 million, or 195.8 percent, compared with 2019, primarily due to higher debt balances in 2020, and a $9 million write-off of remaining unamortized costs from the company's 364-day term loan entered into in first quarter 2020 and repaid in full during second quarter 2020. for further information on the company's debt transactions in 2020, see note 7 to the consolidated financial statements. based on current debt outstanding and current market interest rates, the company expects first quarter 2021 interest expense to be approximately $113 million.
capitalized interest for 2020 decreased by $1 million, or 2.8 percent, compared with 2019, primarily due to boeing's halt of production of the company's undelivered max aircraft. the decrease was partially offset by capitalized interest on technology projects.
interest income for 2020 decreased by $58 million, or 64.4 percent, compared with 2019, due to lower interest rates, partially offset by higher cash balances.
other (gains) losses, net, primarily includes amounts recorded as a result of the company's hedging activities. see note 11 to the consolidated financial statements for further information on the company's hedging activities. the following table displays the components of other (gains) losses, net, for 2020 and 2019:
year ended december 31,
(in millions)                                                                                  2020                          2019
mark-to-market impact from fuel contracts settling in current and future periods           $40                            $-
premium cost of fuel contracts not designated as hedges                                     34                             -
mark-to-market impact from interest rate swap agreements                                    28                             -
post-retirement curtailment charge                                                          53                             -
other                                                                                        3                             8
$158                            $8
income taxes the company's annual 2020 effective tax rate was 27.8 percent, higher than the federal statutory tax rate primarily due to the company's annual net operating loss ("nol") which, under the cares act, can be applied to prior tax years beginning with 2015, when the company was subject to a higher federal statutory tax rate. the company's estimated tax refund from its annual 2020 nol carryback is approximately $470 million. the company estimates its first quarter 2021 effective tax rate to be in the range of 21 to 22 percent, lower than the annual 2020 tax rate, as the nol carryback provisions available under the cares act are not applicable to years beyond 2020.
2019 compared with 2018
the company's comparison of 2019 results to 2018 results is included in the company's annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2019, under part ii item 7, management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
reconciliation of reported amounts to non-gaap financial measures (excluding special items) (unaudited) (in millions, except per share amounts and per asm amounts)
year ended december 31,   percent
2020                                                                                                                                                       2019   change fuel and oil expense, unhedged                                                                                      $1,810                          $4,299
add: premium cost of fuel contracts designated as hedges                                                                64                              95
deduct: fuel hedge gains included in fuel and oil expense, net                                                        (25)                            (47)
fuel and oil expense, as reported                                                                                   $1,849                          $4,347
add: contracts settling in the current period, but for which losses were reclassified from aoci (a)                     25                               -
add: premium cost of fuel contracts not designated as hedges                                                            34                               -
fuel and oil expense, excluding special items (economic)                                                            $1,908                          $4,347        (56.1)      %
total operating expenses, as reported                                                                              $12,864                         $19,471
add: payroll support and voluntary employee programs, net                                                              967                               -
add: contracts settling in the current period, but for which losses were reclassified from aoci (a)                     25                               -
add: premium cost of fuel contracts not designated as hedges                                                            34                               -
add: gain from aircraft sale-leaseback transactions                                                                    222                               -
deduct: impairment of long-lived assets                                                                               (32)                               -
total operating expenses, excluding special items                                                                  $14,080                         $19,471        (27.7)      %
operating income (loss), as reported                                                                              $(3,816)                          $2,957
deduct: payroll support and voluntary employee programs, net                                                         (967)                               -
deduct: contracts settling in the current period, but for which losses were reclassified from aoci (a)                (25)                               -
deduct: premium cost of fuel contracts not designated as hedges                                                       (34)                               -
deduct: gain from aircraft sale-leaseback transactions                                                               (222)                               -
add: impairment of long-lived assets                                                                                    32                               -
operating income (loss), excluding special items                                                                  $(5,032)                          $2,957        n.m.
other (gains) losses, net, as reported                                                                                $158                              $8
deduct: mark-to-market impact from fuel contracts settling in current and future periods (a)                          (40)                               -
deduct: premium cost of fuel contracts not designated as hedges                                                       (34)                               -
deduct: mark-to-market impact from interest rate swap agreements                                                      (28)                               -
deduct: post-retirement curtailment charge                                                                            (53)                               -
other (gains) losses, net, excluding special items                                                                      $3                              $8        (62.5)      %
income (loss) before income taxes, as reported                                                                    $(4,256)                          $2,957
deduct: payroll support and voluntary employee programs, net                                                         (967)                               -
deduct: contracts settling in the current period, but for which losses were reclassified from aoci (a)                (25)                               -
deduct: gain from aircraft sale-leaseback transactions                                                               (222)                               -
add: impairment of long-lived assets                                                                                    32                               -
add: mark-to-market impact from fuel contracts settling in current and future periods (a)                               40                               -
add: mark-to-market impact from interest rate swap agreements                                                           28                               -
add: post-retirement curtailment charge                                                                                 53                               -
income (loss) before income taxes, excluding special items                                                        $(5,317)                          $2,957        n.m.
provision (benefit) for income taxes, as reported                                                                             $(1,182)                        $657
deduct: net income (loss) tax impact of fuel and special items, excluding gaap to non-gaap tax rate difference (b)               (376)                           -
deduct: gaap to non-gaap tax rate difference (c)                                                                                 (247)                           -
provision (benefit) for income taxes, net, excluding special items                                                            $(1,805)                        $657                n.m.
net income (loss), as reported                                                                                                $(3,074)                      $2,300
deduct: payroll support and voluntary employee programs, net                                                                     (967)                           -
deduct: contracts settling in the current period, but for which losses were reclassified from aoci (a)                            (25)                           -
deduct: gain from aircraft sale-leaseback transactions                                                                           (222)                           -
add: impairment of long-lived assets                                                                                                32                           -
add: mark-to-market impact from fuel contracts settling in current and future periods (a)                                           40                           -
add: mark-to-market impact from interest rate swap agreements                                                                       28                           -
add: post-retirement curtailment charge                                                                                             53                           -
add: net income (loss) tax impact of special items, excluding gaap to non-gaap tax rate difference (b)                             376                           -
add: gaap to non-gaap tax rate difference (c)                                                                                      247                           -
net income (loss), excluding special items                                                                                    $(3,512)                      $2,300                n.m.
net income (loss) per share, diluted, as reported                                                                              $(5.44)                       $4.27
deduct: impact of special items                                                                                                 (1.83)                           -
deduct: net impact of net income (loss) above from fuel contracts divided by dilutive shares                                    (0.04)                           -
add: net income (loss) tax impact of special items, excluding gaap to non-gaap tax rate difference (b)                            0.66                           -
add: gaap to non-gaap tax rate difference (c)                                                                                     0.43                           -
net income (loss) per share, diluted, excluding special items                                                                  $(6.22)                       $4.27                n.m.
operating expenses per asm (cents)                                                                                               12.43   ¢                   12.38   ¢
add: impact of special items                                                                                                      1.18                           -
deduct: fuel and oil expense divided by asms                                                                                    (1.84)                      (2.76)
deduct: profitsharing expense divided by asms                                                                                        -                      (0.43)
operating expenses per asm, excluding fuel and oil expense, profitsharing, and special items (cents)                             11.77   ¢                    9.19   ¢             28.1   %
(a) see note 11 to consolidated financial statements for further information.
(b) tax amounts for each individual special item are calculated at the company's effective rate for the applicable period and totaled in this line item. the non-gaap tax rate considers the appropriate tax treatment for special items and also reflects the anticipated benefit of carrying back full year 2020 net losses to claim tax refunds against previous cash taxes paid relating to tax years 2015 through 2019, some of which were at higher rates than the current year. the impact to net income (loss) may not be equivalent to the special item multiplied by the effective tax rate, in all cases.
(c) adjustment related to gaap and non-gaap tax rate differences, primarily due to the payroll support program being excluded as a special item.
note regarding use of non-gaap financial measures the company's consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states ("gaap"). these gaap financial statements may include (i) unrealized noncash adjustments and reclassifications, which can be significant, as a result of accounting requirements and elections made under accounting pronouncements relating to derivative instruments and hedging and (ii) other charges and benefits the company believes are unusual and/or infrequent in nature and thus may make comparisons to its prior or future performance difficult.
as a result, the company also provides financial information in this filing that was not prepared in accordance with gaap and should not be considered as an alternative to the information prepared in accordance with gaap. the company provides supplemental non-gaap financial information (also referred to as "excluding special items"), including results that it refers to as "economic," which the company's management utilizes to evaluate its ongoing financial performance and the company believes provides additional insight to investors as supplemental information to its gaap results. the non-gaap measures provided that relate to the company's performance on an economic fuel cost basis include fuel and oil expense, non-gaap; total operating expenses, non-gaap; operating income (loss), non-gaap; other (gains) losses, net, non-gaap; income (loss) before income taxes, non-gaap; provision (benefit) for income taxes, net, non-gaap; net income (loss), non-gaap; net income (loss) per share, diluted, non-gaap; and operating expenses per asm, non-gaap, excluding fuel and oil expense and profitsharing (cents). the company's economic fuel and oil expense results differ from gaap results in that they only include the actual cash settlements from fuel hedge contracts - all reflected within fuel and oil expense in the period of settlement. thus, fuel and oil expense on an economic basis has historically been utilized by the company, as well as some of the other airlines that utilize fuel hedging, as it reflects the company's actual net cash outlays for fuel during the applicable period, inclusive of settled fuel derivative contracts. any net premium costs paid related to option contracts that are designated as hedges are reflected as a component of fuel and oil expense, for both gaap and non-gaap (including economic) purposes in the period of contract settlement. the company believes these economic results provide further insight into the impact of the company's fuel hedges on its operating performance and liquidity since they exclude the unrealized, noncash adjustments and reclassifications that are recorded in gaap results in accordance with accounting guidance relating to derivative instruments, and they reflect all cash settlements related to fuel derivative contracts within fuel and oil expense. this enables the company's management, as well as investors and analysts, to consistently assess the company's operating performance on a year-over-year or quarter-over-quarter basis after considering all efforts in place to manage fuel expense. however, because these measures are not determined in accordance with gaap, such measures are susceptible to varying calculations, and not all companies calculate the measures in the same manner. as a result, the aforementioned measures, as presented, may not be directly comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other companies.
further information on (i) the company's fuel hedging program, (ii) the requirements of accounting for derivative instruments, and (iii) the causes of hedge ineffectiveness and/or mark-to-market gains or losses from derivative instruments is included in note 11 to the consolidated financial statements.
the company's gaap results in the applicable periods may include other charges or benefits that are also deemed "special items," that the company believes make its results difficult to compare to prior periods, anticipated future periods, or industry trends. financial measures identified as non-gaap (or as excluding special items) have been adjusted to exclude special items. for the periods presented, in addition to the items discussed above, special items include:
1.proceeds related to the payroll support program under the cares act, which were used to pay employee salaries, wages, and benefits;
2.accrued charges related to the special termination benefits upon employees accepting voluntary separation program 2020 or extended eto as of december 31, 2020;
3.gains associated with the sale-leaseback of ten boeing 737-800 aircraft and ten boeing 737 max 8 aircraft to third parties;
4.a noncash impairment charge related to 20 boeing 737-700 aircraft that were retired during 2020;
5.unrealized losses related to twelve forward-starting interest rate swap agreements. during 2020, the interest rate swap agreements, which were related to twelve 737 max 8 aircraft leases (with deliveries originally scheduled between june 2020 and september 2020), were de-designated as hedges due to the scheduled delivery range no longer being probable, resulting in the mark-to-market changes being recorded to earnings; and
6.a post-retirement curtailment charge related to employees who accepted voluntary separation program 2020 and elected to participate in the company's retiree medical benefits plan.
because management believes special items can distort the trends associated with the company's ongoing performance as an airline, the company believes that evaluation of its financial performance can be enhanced by a supplemental presentation of results that exclude the impact of special items in order to enhance consistency and comparativeness with results in prior periods that do not include such items and as a basis for evaluating operating results in future periods. the following measures are often provided, excluding special items, and utilized by the company's management, analysts, and investors to enhance comparability of year-over-year results, as well as to industry trends: fuel and oil expense, non-gaap; total operating expenses, non-gaap; operating income (loss), non-gaap; other (gains) losses, net, non-gaap; income (loss) before income taxes, non-gaap; provision (benefit) for income taxes, net, non-gaap; net income (loss), non-gaap; net income (loss) per share, diluted, non-gaap; and operating expenses per asm, non-gaap, excluding fuel and oil expense and profitsharing (cents).
the company has also utilized and provided average cash burn and average daily core cash burn, which are non-gaap financial measures. cash burn is a supplemental measure that most u.s. airlines began providing in 2020 to measure liquidity in light of the negative financial effects of the pandemic. for the three months ended december 31, 2020, average daily core cash burn was approximately $12 million, calculated as loss before income taxes, non-gaap, of $1.3 billion (as provided in the non-gaap reconciliation below), adjusted for depreciation and amortization expense of $316 million; capital expenditures of $90 million; and adjusted amortizing debt service payments of approximately $43 million; divided by the number of days in the period. the company utilizes average daily core cash burn to monitor the performance of its core business as a proxy for its ability to achieve sustainable cash and profit break-even results. the following table provides the components of loss before income taxes, non-gaap for the three months ended december 31, 2020:
three months ended
(in millions)                                                                                                  december 31, 2020
loss before income taxes, as reported                                                                          $(1,331)
deduct: payroll support and voluntary employee programs, net                                                   (34)
deduct: contracts settling in the current period, but for which losses were reclassified from aoci (a)         (9)
add: impairment of long-lived assets                                                                           32
add: post-retirement curtailment charge                                                                        53
loss before income taxes, excluding special items                                                              $(1,289)
(a) see note 11 to consolidated financial statements for further information.
given that the company's cash burn calculation is derived from loss before income taxes, non-gaap, the company excludes the following items in its calculation of average core cash burn: financing transactions; payroll support program proceeds; supplier proceeds; voluntary separation and extended emergency time off program payments; and other changes in working capital. cash burn methodology varies by airline, and the company's fourth quarter 2020 average daily core cash burn of $12 million may differ materially by utilizing cash burn calculations that adjust for changes in working capital. utilizing an alternative cash burn approach, which adjusts for changes in working capital, among other items, the company's fourth quarter 2020 daily cash burn was approximately $15 million.
liquidity and capital resources the enormous impact of the covid-19 pandemic on the u.s. travel industry created an urgent liquidity crisis for the entire airline industry, including the company. however, due to the company's pre-pandemic low balance sheet leverage, large base of unencumbered assets, and investment-grade credit ratings, the company was able to quickly access additional liquidity during 2020, as customer cancellations spiked and sales and revenues dropped while the company continued to experience significant fixed operating expenses. see note 2 and note 7 to the consolidated financial statements for further information regarding the impact of the covid-19 pandemic, as well as the transactions completed and assistance obtained under the cares act. much uncertainty remains about the time it will take for air travel demand to recover, and the company continues to assess its immediate and near-term liquidity needs. the company also continues to assess various sources and options including public and private financings to bolster its liquidity and believes that, given current market conditions, it has opportunities to do so.
net cash used in operating activities for 2020 was $1.1 billion, and net cash provided by operating activities for 2019 was $4.0 billion. operating cash inflows are primarily derived from providing air transportation to customers. the vast majority of tickets are purchased prior to the day on which travel is provided and, in some cases, several months before the anticipated travel date. operating cash outflows are related to the recurring expenses of airline operations. the operating cash flows for 2020 were affected primarily by the covid-19 pandemic, which resulted in a significant drop in travel demand, sales, and revenues, leading to the company's net loss (as adjusted for noncash items), the company's funding of its $667 million 2019 profitsharing distribution to employees in 2020, a significant decline in amounts payable for passenger excise taxes and segment fees as a result of the decline in passenger ticket sales, and the suspension of collection of certain ticket taxes as dictated by the cares act. these were partially offset by $2.4 billion in payroll support program grant proceeds received as part of the cares act, of which approximately $2.3 billion of this direct payroll support were used to offset eligible costs and thus included in operating activities, with the remaining $40 million allocated to the value of warrants issued and thus included in financing activities. these net decreases in operating activities were partially offset by a $1.6 billion increase in air traffic liability. the increase in air traffic liability was due to ticket sales in 2020 for future travel that have not been flown, as a result of the significant number of customer trip cancellations associated with the covid-19 pandemic, and growth in rapid rewards points earned due to multiple loyalty credit card promotions throughout 2020. the operating cash flows for 2019 were impacted primarily by the company's results of operations, as adjusted for non-cash items as well as changes in the air traffic liability and accrued liabilities balances. cash flows associated with entering into new fuel derivatives, which are classified as other, net, operating cash flows, were net outflows of $129 million in 2020 and $131 million in 2019. see note 11 to the consolidated financial statements for further information. net cash provided by operating activities is primarily used to finance capital expenditures, repay debt, and provide working capital. historically, the company has also used net cash provided by operations to fund stock repurchases and pay dividends; however these shareholder return activities have been suspended due to restrictions associated with the cares act and the payroll support program extension. see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
net cash used in investing activities for 2020 and 2019 was $16 million and $303 million, respectively. investing activities in both years included capital expenditures, and changes in the balance of the company's short-term and noncurrent investments. the company also raised $815 million from the sale-leaseback of 20 aircraft (see note 8 to the consolidated financial statements for more details on the sale-leaseback transactions) and received $428 million of supplier proceeds during 2020, which the company considers an offset to its aircraft capital expenditures. see note 17 to the consolidated financial statements for further information on supplier proceeds. during 2020, capital expenditures were $515 million, compared with $1.0 billion in the same prior year period, the majority of which included ongoing technology projects, airport and other facility construction projects, and progress payments related to future aircraft deliveries from the manufacturer. capital expenditures decreased, year-over-year, largely due to a decrease in technology project expenditures, progress payments, and several projects in process during 2019 but completed and placed into service during 2020. the company more than offset its originally planned annual 2020 capital spending of approximately $1.4 billion to $1.5 billion, primarily due to no purchased aircraft deliveries from boeing, combined with its receipt of proceeds from sale-leaseback transactions, supplier proceeds, and the cancellation or deferral of the majority of its capital investment projects originally planned for 2020. see notes 5 and 17 to the condensed consolidated financial statements for further information. as a result of certain delivery credits provided in the boeing agreement, as well as progress payments made to date on undelivered aircraft, the company currently estimates an immaterial amount of aircraft capital expenditures in 2021. therefore, the company currently estimates its annual 2021 capital expenditures to be no more than $500 million, driven primarily by technology, facilities, and operational investments. the company has reduced its combined 2020 and 2021 capital spending by approximately $5.5 billion, compared with planning projections prior to the pandemic. the company continues its fleet modernization program and expects to retire a significant amount of its boeing 737-700 fleet over the next 10-15 years. the company evaluates whether to adhere to or alter its aircraft retirement plans in light of the covid-19 pandemic and other factors, including whether to retain aircraft longer or accelerate retirements and replacements. the company plans to use the boeing 737 max 8 aircraft in its fleet modernization program and believes it will also have use for a smaller aircraft such as the boeing 737 max 7. in light of the current environment, the company expects to take delivery of 35 max 8 aircraft through december 31, 2021, including 16 leased aircraft, 7 of which were delivered in december 2020. the company and boeing are in discussions to change the company's aircraft order book and to formally revise the existing purchase agreement for years after 2021. as a result, the company expects to make further adjustments to its aircraft purchase quantities, aircraft variants, delivery schedule and related capital expenditures, although no assurance can be given about the outcome of discussions. the company cannot predict when the effects of the covid-19 pandemic on air travel will end, but the company expects that its capital expenditures will increase from current levels after u.s. air travel returns to normal.
net cash provided by financing activities for 2020 was $9.7 billion, and net cash used in financing activities for 2019 was $3.0 billion. during 2020, the company borrowed $13.6 billion, through various transactions, as explained in detail in notes 2 and 7 to the consolidated financial statements. an additional $2.3 billion was raised from a public offering of 80,500,000 shares of common stock. these financings were partially offset by the repayment in 2020 of all $3.7 billion borrowed under the company's amended and restated 364-day credit agreement, the full repayment of the $1.0 billion drawn under the company's $1.0 billion revolving credit facility, and the full repayment of the $500 million 2.65% notes due 2020. see note 7 to consolidated financial statements for further information on the company's debt agreements. during 2019, the company repurchased $2.0 billion of its outstanding common stock, repaid $615 million in debt and finance lease obligations, and paid $372 million in cash dividends to shareholders.
a discussion of the company's most significant drivers impacting cash flow for 2018 are included in the company's annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2019, under part ii item 7, liquidity and capital resources.
since march 2020, the company reduced annual 2020 spending by approximately $8 billion, compared with original plans. average daily core cash burn was approximately $12 million in fourth quarter 2020. the company expects average core cash burn of approximately $17 million per day in the first quarter of 2021, as a result of continued softness in demand and a seasonally weaker travel period in january and february 2021, as well as rising fuel prices. including certain changes in working capital, the company expects average core cash burn in first quarter 2021 to be in the range of $10 million to $15 million per day, compared with approximately $15 million per day in fourth quarter 2020. while vaccine availability should mark the beginning of the end of the pandemic, current passenger booking trends do not indicate significant improvement through march 2021. in response to current trends, the company's capacity plans remain conservative through, at least, march 2021, and the company will continue to monitor bookings and adjust flight activity, accordingly. while the company hopes to achieve cash burn break even in 2021, it is wholly dependent upon a substantial rebound in passenger traffic and revenue; and, it is difficult to predict the timing of such a rebound, especially with respect to business travel. in order to achieve cash burn break even, the company continues to estimate operating revenues will need to recover to a range of 60 to 70 percent of 2019 levels, which is roughly double current levels. average core cash burn projections do not reflect the potential impact of special items because the company cannot reliably predict or estimate those items or expenses or their impact to its financial statements in future periods. accordingly, the company believes a reconciliation of non-gaap financial measures to the equivalent gaap financial measures for projected results is not meaningful or available without unreasonable effort. see note regarding use of non-gaap financial measures and the reconciliation of reported amounts to non-gaap financial measures for additional detail regarding non-gaap financial measures including the cash burn formula.
cash burn methodology varies by airline, and the company's average daily core cash burn may differ materially by utilizing cash burn calculations that adjust for changes in working capital. the company's average daily core cash burn was approximately $14 million in december 2020 and approximately $12 million in fourth quarter 2020. utilizing an alternative cash burn approach, which adjusts for changes in working capital-including changes in air traffic liability and cash payments for voluntary separation and extended eto programs, among other items - the company's average daily core cash burn was approximately $18 million in december 2020 and approximately $15 million in fourth quarter 2020.
the company is a "well-known seasoned issuer" and currently has an effective shelf registration statement registering an indeterminate amount of debt and equity securities for future sales. the company currently intends to use the proceeds from any future securities sales off this shelf registration statement for general corporate purposes.
the company has access to $1.0 billion under its amended and restated revolving credit agreement, as amended (the "amended a&r credit agreement"). the amended a&r credit agreement has an accordion feature that would allow the company, subject to, among other things, the procurement of incremental commitments, to increase the size of the facility to $1.5 billion. interest on the facility is based on the company's credit ratings at the time of borrowing. at the company's current ratings, the interest cost would be libor plus a spread of 200.0 basis points. the facility contains a financial covenant to maintain total liquidity, as defined in the amended a&r credit agreement, of $1.5 billion at all times under the amended a&r credit agreement; the company was compliant with this requirement as of december 31, 2020. there were no amounts outstanding under the amended a&r credit agreement as of december 31, 2020.
the company entered into the following share repurchases during 2020, which were each recorded as a treasury share purchase for purposes of calculating earnings per share. see part ii, item 5 for further information on the company's share repurchase authorizations.
share repurchases (in millions)                                               shares received                  cash paid first quarter 2020 accelerated share repurchase program                                   6.4                 $366
open market share repurchases                                                             1.9                   85
total                                                                                     8.3                 $451
on march 17, 2020, moody's downgraded the company's credit ratings to "baa1" from "a3." on march 18, 2020, standard & poor's downgraded the company's credit ratings to "bbb" from "bbb+." on april 10, 2020, fitch downgraded the company's credit ratings to "bbb+" from "a-." the downgrades of the company's investment-grade ratings were based on the company's increased level of credit risk as a result of the financial impacts of the covid-19 pandemic. see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for further information on the impacts of the covid-19 pandemic.
although not the case at december 31, 2020 due to the company's recent significant financing activities, the company has historically carried a working capital deficit, in which its current liabilities exceed its current assets. this is common within the airline industry and is primarily due to the nature of the air traffic liability account, which is related to advance ticket sales, unused funds available to customers, and loyalty deferred revenue, which are performance obligations for future customer flights, do not require future settlement in cash, and are mostly nonrefundable. see note 6 to the consolidated financial statements for further information. the company has various options available to meet its capital and operating commitments, including unrestricted cash and short-term investments of $13.3 billion as of december 31, 2020, and anticipated future internally generated funds from operations. however, the covid-19 pandemic continues to evolve and could have a material adverse impact on the company's ability to meet its capital and operating commitments. see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for further information on the impacts of the covid-19 pandemic. the company will continue to consider various financing options to maximize liquidity and supplement cash requirements, as necessary.
the company has a large net deferred tax liability on its consolidated balance sheet. the deferral of income taxes has resulted in a significant benefit to the company and its liquidity position. since the company purchases the majority of the aircraft it acquires, it has been able to utilize accelerated depreciation methods (including bonus depreciation) available under the internal revenue code of 1986, as amended, in 2020 and in previous years, which has enabled the company to accelerate cash tax benefits of depreciation. based on the company's scheduled future aircraft deliveries from boeing and existing tax laws in effect, the company will continue to accelerate the cash income tax benefits related to aircraft purchases. however, due to the company's net taxable loss incurred in 2020, and a provision within the cares act that allows entities to carry back such 2020 losses to prior periods of up to five years, and claim refunds of federal taxes paid, the company expects to receive a significant cash tax refund once it completes all the necessary requirements to make the appropriate filings with the internal revenue service. see note 15 to the consolidated financial statements for further information. the company has paid in the past, and will continue to pay in the future, significant cash taxes to the various taxing jurisdictions where it operates. the company expects to be able to continue to meet such obligations utilizing cash and investments on hand, as well as cash generated from its ongoing operations.
off-balance sheet arrangements, contractual obligations, and contingent liabilities and commitments the company has contractual obligations and commitments primarily with regard to future purchases of aircraft, payment of debt, and lease arrangements. for aircraft commitments with boeing, the company is required to make cash deposits toward the purchase of aircraft in advance. these deposits are classified as deposits on flight equipment purchase contracts in the consolidated balance sheet until the aircraft is delivered, at which time deposits previously made are deducted from the final purchase price of the aircraft and are reclassified as flight equipment. see part i, item 2 for a complete table of the company's contractual firm deliveries and options for boeing 737 max 7 and 737 max 8 aircraft, note 5 to the consolidated financial statements for the financial commitments related to these firm deliveries, and note 17 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about the max groundings and expected return to service.
the leasing of aircraft (including the sale and leaseback of aircraft) provides flexibility to the company as a source of financing. although the company is responsible for all maintenance, insurance, and expense associated with operating leased aircraft, and retains the risk of loss for these aircraft, it has generally not made guarantees to the lessors regarding the residual value (or market value) of the aircraft at the end of the lease terms. assets and obligations under operating leases are included in the company's consolidated balance sheet. see note 3 and note 8 to the consolidated financial statements for further information. disclosure of the expected contractual obligations associated with the company's leased aircraft is included below.
as of december 31, 2020, the company had 184 leased aircraft, including 47 boeing 717-200 aircraft ("b717s") subleased to delta. of these leased aircraft, 112 are under operating leases, including 45 b717s subleased to delta. see note 8 to the consolidated financial statements for further information on this transaction.
the company is required to provide standby letters of credit to support certain obligations that arise in the ordinary course of business and may choose to provide letters of credit in place of posting cash collateral related to its fuel hedging positions. although the letters of credit are off-balance sheet, the majority of the obligations to which they relate are reflected as liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet. outstanding letters of credit totaled $138 million at december 31, 2020.
the following table aggregates the company's material expected contractual obligations and commitments as of december 31, 2020:
obligations by period (in millions)
contractual obligations                                                 2021                   2022 - 2023                   2024 - 2025                    thereafter                       total long-term debt (a)                                                  $136                      $1,763                        $3,987                        $4,291                       $10,177
interest commitments - fixed (b)                                     340                         625                           469                           298                         1,732
interest commitments - floating (c)                                    8                          11                             8                             3                            30
facility and other operating lease commitments                        91                         122                            83                           557                           853
aircraft operating lease commitments (d)                             280                         350                           266                           599                         1,495
aircraft finance lease commitments (e)                               102                         192                           164                           156                           614
aircraft purchase commitments (f)                                  3,727                       2,778                         3,416                             -                         9,921
other commitments                                                    150                         252                           183                           293                           878
total contractual obligations                                     $4,834                      $6,093                        $8,576                        $6,197                       $25,700
(a)includes principal only. see note 7 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
(b)related to fixed-rate debt (either at issuance or through swaps) only.
(c)interest obligations associated with floating-rate debt is estimated utilizing forward interest rate curves as of december 31, 2020, and can be subject to significant fluctuation.
(d)includes the impact of the b717 sublease transaction entered into in 2012. see note 8 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
(e)includes principal and interest on finance leases. see note 8 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
(f)this reflects firm orders for purchased max aircraft from boeing; assuming a shift of the 27 max aircraft and 35 max aircraft contractually scheduled for delivery in 2019 and 2020, respectively, into 2021, due to the max grounding from march 13, 2019 until late 2020 which consisted of $743 million from 2019 and $1.3 billion from 2020. see note 5 to the consolidated financial statements for further information. see part i, item 2 for a complete table of the company's contractual firm deliveries.
airport projects the company periodically enters into commitments associated with various airport improvement projects that could impact its future liquidity needs in differing ways. these projects, which are typical within the airline industry, include the construction of new facilities and the rebuilding or modernization of existing facilities and are discussed in more detail in note 5 to the consolidated financial statements.
dallas love field for the rebuilding of the facilities at dallas love field, the company guaranteed principal, premium, and interest on $456 million in bonds issued by the love field airport modernization corporation ("lfamc") that were utilized to fund the majority of the project. the amount of bonds outstanding as of december 31, 2020, was $399 million. repayment of the bonds is through the "facilities payments" described below. reimbursement of the company for its payment of facilities payments is made through recurring ground rents, fees, and other revenues collected at the airport.
prior to the issuance of the bonds by the lfamc, the company entered into two separate funding agreements: (i) a "facilities agreement" pursuant to which the company is obligated to make debt service payments on the principal and interest amounts associated with the bonds ("facilities payments"), less other sources of funds the city of dallas may apply to the repayment of the bonds (including, but not limited to, passenger facility charges collected from passengers originating from the airport); and (ii) a "revenue credit agreement" pursuant to which the city of dallas reimburses the company for the facilities payments made by the company.
a majority of the monies transferred from the city of dallas to the company under the revenue credit agreement originate from a reimbursement account created in the "use and lease agreement" between the city of dallas and the company. the use and lease agreement is a 20-year agreement providing for, among other things, the company's lease of space at the airport from the city of dallas. the remainder of such monies transferred from the city of dallas to the company under the revenue credit agreement originates from (i) use and lease agreements with other airlines, (ii) various concession agreements, and (iii) other airport miscellaneous revenues.
the company's liquidity could be impacted by this project to the extent there are timing differences between the company's payment of the facilities payments pursuant to the facilities agreement and the transfer of monies back to the company pursuant to the revenue credit agreement; however, the company does not currently expect that to occur. the project has not had a significant impact on the company's capital resources or financial position.
los angeles international airport in october 2017, the company executed a lease agreement (the "t1.5 lease") with los angeles world airports ("lawa"), which owns and operates los angeles international airport ("lax"). under the t1.5 lease, the company oversaw and managed the design, development, financing, construction, and commissioning of a passenger processing facility between terminal 1 and 2 (the "terminal 1.5 project"). the terminal 1.5 project includes ticketing, baggage claim, passenger screening, and a bus gate at a cost not to exceed $464 million for site improvements and non-proprietary improvements.
funding for the terminal 1.5 project is primarily through the regional airports improvement corporation (the "raic"), which is a quasi-governmental special purpose entity that acts as a conduit borrower under a syndicated credit facility provided by a group of lenders. a loan made under the credit facility for the terminal 1.5 project is being used to reimburse the company for the site improvements and non-proprietary improvements of the terminal 1.5 project, and the outstanding loan will be repaid with the proceeds of lawa's payments to purchase completed construction phases. the company guaranteed the obligation of the raic under the credit facility associated with the terminal 1.5 project. as of december 31, 2020, the company's outstanding guaranteed obligation under the credit facility for the terminal 1.5 project was $318 million.
the company's liquidity could be impacted by this project under certain circumstances; however, the company does not expect this to occur based on its past experience with other projects. this project is not expected to have a significant impact on the company's capital resources or financial position. construction on the terminal 1.5 project began during third quarter 2017 and was substantially completed as of december 31, 2020; however, the terminal 1.5 project will not be placed into service until second quarter 2021, at which time lawa is expected to repay the outstanding loan and purchase the remaining completed assets for accounting purposes.
critical accounting policies and estimates the company's consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with gaap. the company's significant accounting policies are described in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements. the preparation of financial statements in accordance with gaap requires the company's management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying footnotes. the company's estimates and assumptions are based on historical experience and changes in the business environment. however, actual results may differ from estimates under different conditions, sometimes materially. critical accounting policies and estimates are defined as those that both (i) are most important to the portrayal of the company's financial condition and results and (ii) require management's most subjective judgments. the company's critical accounting policies and estimates are described below.
revenue recognition tickets sold for passenger air travel are initially deferred as air traffic liability. passenger revenue is recognized and air traffic liability is reduced when the service is provided (i.e., when the flight takes place). air traffic liability primarily represents tickets sold for future travel dates, funds that are past flight date and remain unused, but are expected to be used in the future, and the company's liability for loyalty benefits that are expected to be redeemed in the future. air traffic liability fluctuates throughout the year based on seasonal travel patterns, fare sale activity, and activity associated with the company's loyalty program. see note 1 to the consolidated financial statements for information about the company's revenue recognition policies.
for air travel on southwest, the amount of tickets that will expire unused are estimated and recognized in passenger revenue once the scheduled flight date has passed. estimating the amount of tickets that will expire unused involves some level of subjectivity and judgment. the majority of the company's tickets sold are nonrefundable, which is the primary source of unused tickets. the company has a no show policy that applies to fares that are not canceled or changed by a customer at least ten minutes prior to a flight's scheduled departure. see note 1 to the consolidated financial statements for further information. according to the company's current "contract of carriage," all refundable tickets that are sold but not flown on the travel date can be reused for another flight up to a year from the date of sale, or some tickets can be refunded. this policy also applies to unused customer funds that may be the result of an exchange downgrade, in which a customer exchanges their ticket from a previously purchased flight for a lower priced ticket, with the price difference being effectively refunded through it being made available for use by the customer towards travel up to twelve months from the date of original purchase. as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, for all customer travel funds created or scheduled to expire between march 1 and september 7, 2020 associated with flight cancellations, the company has extended the expiration date to september 7, 2022. further, the company announced in august 2020, that it would allow qualified travel funds to be converted to rapid rewards points through december 15, 2020. despite the possibility that some of these travel funds may be redeemed beyond the following twelve-month period, the company has continued to classify them as "current" in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet as they remain a demand liability and the company does not have sufficient data to enable it to accurately estimate the portion that will not be redeemed for travel in the subsequent twelve months. fully refundable tickets rarely expire unused. estimates of tickets that will expire unused are based on historical experience over many years. the company has consistently applied this accounting method to estimate revenue from unused tickets at the date of scheduled travel. holding other factors constant, a 10 percent change in the company's estimate of the amount of tickets that will expire unused would have resulted in a $26 million, or less than one percent, change in passenger revenues recognized for the year ended december 31, 2020.
events and circumstances outside of historical fare sale activity or historical customer travel patterns can result in actual spoiled tickets differing significantly from estimates. the company evaluates its estimates within a narrow range of acceptable amounts. if actual spoilage results in an amount outside of this range, estimates and assumptions are reviewed and adjustments to air traffic liability and to passenger revenue are recorded, as necessary. assumptions used to generate spoilage estimates can be impacted by several factors including, but not limited to: fare increases, fare sales, changes to the company's ticketing policies, changes to the company's refund, exchange and unused funds policies, seat availability, and economic factors. the company's estimation techniques have been consistently applied from year to year; however, as with any estimates, actual spoiled tickets may vary from estimated amounts. given the unprecedented amount of 2020 customer flight cancellations and the amount of travel funds available to customers for use through september 2022, the company expects additional variability in the amount of spoilage revenue recorded in future periods, especially as a percentage of revenues, as the estimates of the portion of sold tickets that will expire unused may differ from historical experience and the company's overall revenues remain well below pre-covid-19 pandemic levels.
impairment accounting the company applies a fair value based impairment test to the carrying value of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets annually on october 1st, or more frequently if certain events or circumstances indicate that an impairment loss may have been incurred. the company assesses the value of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets under either a qualitative or quantitative approach. under a qualitative approach, the company considers various market factors, including applicable key assumptions also used in the quantitative assessment listed below. these factors are analyzed to determine if events and circumstances could reasonably have affected the fair value of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets. if the company determines that it is more likely than not that an indefinite-lived intangible asset or reporting unit goodwill is impaired, the quantitative approach is used to assess the asset or reporting unit fair value and the amount of the impairment. under a quantitative approach, the fair value of the company's indefinite-lived intangible assets or reporting unit is calculated based on key market participant assumptions. if the indefinite-lived intangible assets' carrying value exceeds the fair value calculated using the quantitative approach, an impairment charge is recorded for the difference in fair value and carrying value. if the reporting unit carrying value exceeds the reporting unit fair value calculated using the quantitative approach, an impairment charge is recorded for the difference between fair value and carrying value, limited to the amount of goodwill in the reporting unit.
when performing a quantitative impairment assessment of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, fair value is estimated based on (i) recent market transactions, where available, (ii) projected discounted cash flows (an income approach), or (iii) a combination of limited market transactions and the lease savings method (which reflects potential annual after-tax lease savings arising from owning the certain indefinite-lived intangibles rather than leasing them from another airline at market rates).
key assumptions. key assumptions and/or estimates made in the company's quantitative impairment tests included the following: (i) a projection of revenues, expenses, and cash flows; (ii) terminal period revenue growth and cash flows; (iii) an estimated weighted average cost of capital; (iv) an assumed discount rate, depending on the asset, (v) a tax rate, and (vi) market purchase prices and/or lease rates for comparable assets. the company believes these assumptions are consistent with those a hypothetical market participant would use given circumstances that were present at the time the estimates were made. however, actual results and amounts may be significantly different from the company's estimates. due to the drastic reduction in air travel as a result of the pandemic in 2020, the company determined that it would perform a quantitative assessment of its goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets. based on the result of the annual impairment tests performed as of october 1, 2020, no impairment was determined to exist for goodwill or indefinite-lived intangible assets, as the fair values of the reporting unit and indefinite-lived intangible assets exceeded their respective carrying values.
future impairment of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets may result from changes in assumptions, estimates, or circumstances, some of which are beyond the company's control. factors which could result in an impairment of goodwill, holding other assumptions constant, could include, but are not limited to: (i) a significant reduction in passenger demand as a result of domestic or global economic conditions; (ii) significantly higher prices for jet fuel; (iii) lower fares or passenger yields as a result of increased competition or lower demand; (iv) a significant increase in future capital expenditure commitments; and (v) significant disruptions to the company's operations as a result of both internal and external events such as terrorist activities, actual or threatened war, labor actions by employees, or further industry regulation. factors which could result in an impairment of owned domestic slots, holding other assumptions constant, could include, but are not limited to: (i) a change in competition in the slotted airport; (ii) a change in governmental regulations in the slotted airport; (iii) significantly higher prices for jet fuel; and (iv) increased competition at a nearby airport.
long lived assets. long-lived assets, which primarily consist of flight equipment and related assets, are evaluated for impairment when events and circumstances indicate the assets may be impaired. indicators include, but are not limited to: (i) a decision to permanently remove long-lived assets from operations, (ii) significant changes in the estimated useful life, (iii) significant changes in projected cash flows, (iv) significant decreases in market value and (v) changes in technology. for long-lived assets held for sale, when the carrying amount of these assets is greater than the fair value, less the cost to sell, depreciation is discontinued and an impairment loss is recorded.
in evaluating the potential for impairment associated with aircraft used in operations, assets are grouped at the entire boeing 737 fleet level, as the company has determined this is the lowest level for which there are identifiable cash flows. future cash flows are estimated based on projections of capacity, passenger yield, fuel, labor costs, and other relevant factors. if an impairment were to exist, the impairment loss recognized is the amount by which the fleet's carrying amount exceeds its estimated fair value. aircraft fair values are estimated using published sources, appraisals, and bids received from third parties, as available. in 2020, the company recorded an impairment charge of $32 million, associated with 20 of the company's boeing 737-700 aircraft that were retired early in fourth quarter 2020.
fair value measurements and financial derivative instruments the company utilizes unobservable (level 3) inputs in determining the fair value of certain assets and liabilities. at december 31, 2020, these consisted of its fuel derivative option contracts, which were an asset of $134 million. the company utilizes financial derivative instruments primarily to manage its risk associated with changing jet fuel prices. see "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk" for more information on these risk management activities, note 11 to the consolidated financial statements for more information on the company's fuel hedging program and financial derivative instruments, and note 12 to the consolidated financial statements for more information about fair value measurements.
all derivatives are required to be reflected at fair value and recorded on the consolidated balance sheet. at december 31, 2020, the company was a party to over 250 separate financial derivative instruments related to its fuel hedging program for future periods. changes in the fair values of these instruments can vary dramatically based on changes in the underlying commodity prices. for example, during 2020, market "spot" prices for brent crude oil peaked at a high average daily price of approximately $69 per barrel and hit a low average daily price of approximately $19 per barrel. during 2019, market spot prices ranged from a high average daily price of approximately $75 per barrel to a low average daily price of approximately $55 per barrel. market price changes can be driven by factors such as supply and demand, inventory levels, weather events, refinery capacity, political agendas, the value of the u.s. dollar, geopolitical events, the extent of the covid-19 pandemic, and general economic conditions, among other items. the financial derivative instruments utilized by the company primarily are a combination of collars, purchased call options, call spreads, put spreads, and fixed price swap agreements.
the company enters into financial derivative instruments with third party institutions in "over-the-counter" markets. since the majority of the company's financial derivative instruments are not traded on a market exchange, the company estimates their fair values. depending on the type of instrument, the values are determined by the use of present value methods or standard option value models with assumptions about commodity prices based on those observed in underlying markets.
the company determines the fair value of fuel derivative option contracts utilizing an option pricing model based on inputs that are either readily available in public markets, can be derived from information available in publicly quoted markets, or are quoted by its counterparties. in situations where the company obtains inputs via quotes from its counterparties, it verifies the reasonableness of these quotes via similar quotes from another counterparty as of each date for which financial statements are prepared. the company has consistently applied these valuation techniques in all periods presented and believes it has obtained the most accurate information available for the types of derivative contracts it holds. due to the fact that certain inputs used in determining the estimated fair value of its option contracts are considered unobservable (primarily implied volatility), the company has categorized these option contracts as level 3. although implied volatility is not directly observable, it is derived primarily from changes in market prices, which are observable. based on the company's portfolio of option contracts as of december 31, 2020, a 10 percent change in implied volatility, holding all other factors constant, would have resulted in a change in the fair value of this portfolio of less than $15 million.
fair values for financial derivative instruments are estimated prior to the time that the financial derivative instruments settle. however, once settlement of the financial derivative instruments occurs and the hedged jet fuel is purchased and consumed, all values and prices are known and are recognized in the financial statements. although the company continues to use a prospective assessment to determine that commodities continue to qualify for hedge accounting in specific locations where the company hedges, there are no assurances that these commodities will continue to qualify in the future. this is due to the fact that future price changes in these refined products may not be consistent with historical price changes. increased volatility in these commodity markets for an extended period of time, especially if such volatility were to worsen, could cause the company to lose hedge accounting altogether for the commodities used in its fuel hedging program. further, should the anticipated fuel purchases covered by the company's fuel hedges no longer be probable of occurring, the company would discontinue hedge accounting. the loss of hedge accounting would create further volatility in the company's gaap financial results.
as discussed in note 11 to the consolidated financial statements, any changes in fair value of cash flow derivatives designated as hedges are offset within aoci until the period in which the expected future cash flow impacts earnings. any changes in the fair value of fuel derivatives that do not qualify for hedge accounting are reflected in earnings within other (gains) losses, net, in the period of the change. because the company has extensive historical experience in valuing the derivative instruments it holds, and such experience is continually evaluated against its counterparties each period when such instruments expire and are settled for cash, the company believes it is unlikely that an independent third party would value the company's derivative contracts at a significantly different amount than what is reflected in the company's financial statements. in addition, the company also has bilateral credit provisions in some of its counterparty agreements, which provide for parties (or the company) to provide cash collateral when the fair value of fuel derivatives with a single party exceeds certain threshold levels. since this cash collateral is based on the estimated fair value of the company's outstanding fuel derivative contracts, this provides further validation to the company's estimate of fair values.
loyalty accounting the company utilizes estimates in the recognition of revenues and liabilities associated with its loyalty program. these estimates primarily include the liability associated with rapid rewards loyalty member ("member") account balances that are expected to be redeemed for travel or other products at a future date. loyalty account balances include points earned through flights taken, points sold to customers, or points earned through business partners participating in the loyalty program.
under the southwest rapid rewards loyalty program, members earn points for every dollar spent on southwest base fares. the amount of points earned under the program is based on the fare and fare class purchased, with higher fare products (e.g., business select) earning more points than lower fare products (e.g., wanna get away). each fare class is associated with a points earning multiplier, and points for flights are calculated by multiplying the fare for the flight by the fare class multiplier. likewise, the amount of points required to be redeemed for a flight can differ based on the fare purchased. under the program, (i) members are able to redeem their points for every available seat, every day, on every flight, with no blackout dates; and (ii) points do not expire. in addition, members are able to redeem their points for items other than travel on southwest airlines, such as international flights on other airlines, cruises, hotel stays, rental cars, gift cards, event tickets, and more. in addition to earning points for revenue flights and qualifying purchases with rapid rewards partners, members also have the ability to purchase, gift, and transfer points, as well as the ability to donate points to selected charities.
the company utilizes the deferred revenue method of accounting for points earned through flights taken in its loyalty program. the company also sells points and related services to business partners participating in the loyalty program. liabilities are recorded for the relative standalone selling price of the rapid rewards points which are awarded each period. the liabilities recorded represent the total number of points expected to be redeemed by members, regardless of whether the members may have enough to qualify for a full travel award. at december 31,
2020, the loyalty liabilities were approximately $4.4 billion, including $1.1 billion classified within air traffic liability and $3.3 billion classified as air traffic liability - noncurrent.
in order to determine the value of each loyalty point, certain assumptions must be made at the time of measurement, which include an allocation of passenger revenue between the flight and loyalty points earned by passengers, and the fair value of rapid rewards points, which are generally based on their redemption value to the customer. see note 6 to the consolidated financial statements for further information on determining the estimated fair value of each loyalty point.
the majority of the points sold to business partners are through the southwest co-branded credit card agreement ("agreement") with chase bank usa, n.a. consideration received as part of this agreement is subject to accounting standards codification 606, revenue from contracts with customers. the agreement has the following multiple elements: travel points to be awarded, use of the southwest airlines' brand and access to rapid rewards member lists, advertising elements, and the company's resource team. these elements are combined into two performance obligations, transportation and marketing, and consideration from the agreement is allocated based on the relative selling price of each performance obligation.
significant management judgment was used to estimate the selling price of each of the performance obligations in the agreement at inception. the objective is to determine the price at which the company would transact a sale if the product or service was sold on a stand-alone basis. the company determines the best estimate of selling price by considering multiple inputs and methods including, but not limited to, the estimated selling price of comparable travel, discounted cash flows, brand value, published selling prices, number of points awarded, and the number of points redeemed. the company estimates the selling prices and volumes over the term of the agreement in order to determine the allocation of proceeds to each of the multiple performance obligations. the company records revenue related to air transportation when the transportation is delivered and revenue related to marketing elements when the performance obligation is satisfied. a one percent increase or decrease in the company's estimate of the standalone selling prices, implemented as of january 1, 2020, resulting in an allocation of proceeds to air transportation would not have had a material impact on the company's operating revenues for the year ended december 31, 2020.
under its current program, southwest estimates the portion of loyalty points that will not be redeemed. in estimating the spoilage, the company takes into account the member's past behavior, as well as several factors related to the member's account that are expected to be indicative of the likelihood of future point redemption. these factors are typically representative of a member's level of engagement in the loyalty program. they include, but are not limited to, tenure with the program, points accrued in the program, and points redeemed in the program. the company believes it has obtained sufficient historical behavioral data to develop a predictive statistical model to analyze the amount of spoilage expected for all loyalty points. the company updates this model at least annually, and applies the new spoilage rates effective october 1st each year, or more frequently if required by changes in the business. changes in the spoilage rates applied annually in recent years have not had a material impact on passenger revenues. for the year ended december 31, 2020, based on actual redemptions of points sold to business partners and earned through flights, a hypothetical one percentage point change in the estimated spoilage rate would have resulted in a change to passenger revenue of approximately $61 million (an increase in spoilage would have resulted in an increase in revenue and a decrease in spoilage would have resulted in a decrease in revenue). given that member behavior will continue to develop as the program matures, the company expects the current estimates may change in future periods. however, the company believes its current estimates are reasonable given current facts and circumstances.
