item 1a.    risk factors.
we are subject to various risks that make an investment in our securities risky. the events and consequences discussed in these risk factors could, in circumstances we may or may not be able to accurately predict, recognize, or control, have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations. in addition, these risks could cause results to differ materially from those we express in forward-looking statements contained in this annual report or in other company communications. these risk factors do not identify all risks that we face; our operations could also be affected by factors, events, or uncertainties that are not presently known to us or that we currently do not consider to present significant risks to our operations.
risks relating to covid-19
covid-19 has had a material detrimental impact on our business and financial results, and such impact could continue and may worsen for an unknown period of time.
covid-19 has been and continues to be a complex and evolving situation, with governments, public institutions and other organizations imposing or recommending, and businesses and individuals implementing, at various times and to varying degrees, restrictions on various activities or other actions to combat its spread, such as restrictions and bans on travel or transportation; limitations on the size of in-person gatherings; closures of, or occupancy or other operating limitations on, work facilities, lodging facilities, food and beverage establishments, schools, public buildings and businesses; cancellation of events, including sporting events, conferences and meetings; and quarantines and lock-downs. covid-19 and its consequences have dramatically reduced travel and demand for hotel rooms, which has and will continue to impact our business, operations, and financial results. the extent to which covid-19 impacts our business, operations, and financial results will depend on the factors described above and numerous other evolving factors that we may not be able to accurately predict or assess, including the duration and scope of covid-19; the availability and distribution of effective vaccines or treatments; covid-19's impact on global and regional economies and economic activity, including the duration and magnitude of its impact on unemployment rates and consumer discretionary spending; its short and longer-term impact on the demand for travel, transient and group business, and levels of consumer confidence; the ability of our owners and franchisees to successfully navigate the impacts of covid-19; and how quickly economies, travel activity, and demand for lodging recovers after the pandemic subsides.
covid-19 has subjected our business, operations and financial condition to a number of risks, including, but not limited to, those discussed below:
•risks related to revenue: covid-19 has negatively impacted, and will in the future negatively impact to an extent we are unable to predict, our revenues from managed and franchised hotels, which are primarily based on hotels' revenues or profits. in addition, covid-19 and its impact on global and regional economies, and the hospitality industry in particular, has made it difficult for hotel owners and franchisees to obtain financing on attractive terms, or at all, and increased the probability that hotel owners and franchisees will be unable or unwilling to service, repay or refinance existing indebtedness. this has caused, and may in the future continue to cause, some lenders to declare a default, accelerate the related debt, foreclose on the property or exercise other remedies, and some hotel owners or franchisees to declare bankruptcy. if a significant number of our management or franchise agreements are terminated as a result of bankruptcies, sales or foreclosures, our results of operations could be materially adversely affected. hotel owners or franchisees in bankruptcy may not have sufficient assets to pay us termination fees or other unpaid fees or reimbursements we are owed under their agreements with us. even if hotel owners or franchisees do not declare bankruptcy, the significant decline in revenues for most hotels has impacted the timely payment of amounts owed to us by some hotel owners and franchisees, and could in the future materially impact the ability or willingness of hotel owners and franchisees to fund working capital or pay us other amounts that we are entitled to on a timely basis or at all, which would adversely affect our liquidity. if a significant number of hotels exit our system as a result of covid-19, whether as a result of a hotel owner or franchisee bankruptcy, failure to pay amounts owed to us, a negotiated termination, the exercise of contractual termination rights, or otherwise, our revenues and liquidity could be materially adversely affected. covid-19 has also materially impacted, and could in the future materially impact, other non-hotel related sources of revenues for us, including for example our fees from our co-brand credit card arrangements, which have been and may continue to be affected by covid-19's impact on spending patterns of co-brand cardholders and acquisition of new co-brand cardholders. also, testing our intangible assets or goodwill for impairments due to reduced revenues or cash flows could result in additional charges, which could be material.
•risks related to owned and leased hotels and other real estate investments: covid-19 and its impact on travel has reduced demand at nearly all hotels, including our owned and leased hotels and properties owned by entities in which we have an equity investment. as a result, most of our owned and leased hotels and properties in which we have an investment are not generating revenue sufficient to meet expenses, which is adversely affecting our income and could in the future more significantly adversely affect the value of our owned and leased properties or investments. in addition, we have seen and could continue to see entities in which we have an investment experience challenges securing additional or replacement financing to satisfy maturing indebtedness. as a result of the foregoing, we have recognized, and may in the future be required to recognize, significant non-cash impairment charges to our results of operations.
•risks related to operations: because of the significant decline in the demand for hotel rooms, we have taken steps to reduce operating costs and improve efficiency, including furloughing a substantial number of our associates and implementing reduced work weeks for other associates, implementing a voluntary transition program for certain associates, eliminating a significant number of above-property and on-property positions, and modifying food and beverage offerings and other services and amenities. such steps, and further changes we could make in the future to reduce costs for us or our hotel owners or franchisees (including ongoing property-level restructuring plans), may negatively impact guest loyalty, owner preference, or our ability to attract and retain associates, and our reputation and market share may suffer as a result. for example, loss of our personnel may cause us to experience operational challenges that impact guest loyalty, owner preference, and our market share, which could limit our ability to maintain or expand our business and could reduce our profits. further, reputational damage from, and the financial impact of, position eliminations, furloughs or reduced work weeks could lead associates to depart the company and could make it harder for us or the managers of our franchised properties to recruit new associates in the future. in addition, if we or our hotel owners or franchisees are unable to access capital to make physical improvements to our hotels, the quality of our hotels may suffer, which may negatively impact our reputation and guest loyalty, and our revenue and market share may suffer as a result. we have received demands or requests from labor unions that represent our associates and may face additional demands, whether in the course of our periodic renegotiation of our collective bargaining agreements or otherwise, for additional compensation, healthcare benefits or other terms as a result of covid-19 that could increase costs, and we could experience labor disputes or disruptions as we continue to operate under our covid-19 mitigation and recovery plans. covid-19 could also negatively affect our internal control over financial and other reporting, as many of our personnel have departed the company as a result of our voluntary transition program and position eliminations, and our remaining personnel are often working from home. in addition, new processes, procedures and controls could be required to respond to changes in our business environment.
•risks related to expenses: covid-19 has caused us to incur additional expenses and will continue to cause us to incur additional expenses in the future which are not fully reimbursed or offset by revenues. for example, we have already incurred certain expenses related to furloughs, our voluntary transition program and position eliminations, and we expect additional charges related to our property-level restructuring activities discussed in note 3 in future periods. also, if a hotel closes and has employees covered by an underfunded multi-employer pension plan, we may need to pay withdrawal liability to the plan as result of such closure if it is determined that there has been a complete or partial withdrawal from the plan, and we may be unable to collect reimbursement from the hotel owner. in addition, covid-19 could make it more likely that we have to fund shortfalls in operating profit under our agreements with some hotel owners or fund financial guarantees we have made to third-party lenders for the timely repayment of all or a portion of certain hotel owners' or franchisees' debt related to hotels that we manage or franchise, beyond the amounts funded or the additional guarantee reserves recorded in 2020. covid-19 also makes it more likely our hotel owners or franchisees will default on loans we have made to them or will fail to reimburse us for guarantee advances. our ability to recover loans and guarantee advances from hotel operations or from hotel owners or franchisees through the proceeds of hotel sales, refinancing of debt or otherwise may also affect our ability to recycle and raise new capital. even in situations where we are not obligated to provide funding to hotel owners, franchisees or entities in which we have a noncontrolling interest, we may choose to provide financial or other types of support to certain of these parties, which could materially increase our expenses. while governments have and may continue to implement various stimulus and relief programs, it is uncertain whether existing programs will be effective in mitigating the impacts of covid-19 and, with respect to future programs, to what extent we or our hotel owners or franchisees will be eligible to participate and whether conditions or restrictions imposed under such programs will be acceptable. as a result of covid-19, we and our hotel owners and franchisees have experienced and could continue to experience other short or longer-term impacts on costs, for example, related to enhanced health and hygiene requirements. these effects have and could continue to impact our ability to generate profits even after revenues improve.
•risks related to growth: our growth has been, and may continue to be, harmed by covid-19 and its various impacts as discussed above. many current and prospective hotel owners and franchisees are finding it difficult or impossible to obtain hotel financing on commercially viable terms. covid-19 has caused and may continue to cause some projects that are in construction or development to be unable to draw on existing financing commitments or secure additional or replacement financing to complete construction, and additional or replacement financing that is available may be on less favorable terms. covid-19 has caused and may continue to cause construction delays due to government restrictions and shortages of workers or supplies. as a result, some of the properties in our development pipeline will not enter our system when we anticipated, or at all. we have seen, and may continue to see, opening delays and a decrease in the rate at which new projects enter our pipeline, and we may see an increase in the number of projects that fall out of our pipeline as a result of project cancellations or other factors. these effects on our pipeline have reduced and will continue to reduce our ability to realize fees or realize returns on equity investments from such projects. we expect we could potentially see more existing hotels exit our system as a result of covid-19, and a significant number of such exits could negatively impact the overall growth of our system and our business prospects.
•risks related to liquidity: in 2020, we made significant borrowings under our $4.5 billion credit facility and completed offerings of $3.6 billion aggregate principal amount of senior notes to preserve financial flexibility in light of the impact on global markets resulting from covid-19. we may be required to raise additional capital again in the future to fund our operating expenses and repay maturing debt. in 2020, we raised $920 million of cash through amendments to agreements with the u.s. issuers of our co-brand credit cards associated with our loyalty program, and this option to raise capital will likely not be available again to us in the near future and will reduce the amount of cash we will receive in the future from these card issuers, which may increase the need for us to raise additional capital from other sources. in addition, we have seen increases in our cost of borrowing as a result of covid-19 and such costs may increase even further for a time we are unable to determine. if we are required to raise additional capital, our access to and cost of financing will depend on, among other things, conditions in the global financing markets, the availability of sufficient amounts of financing, our prospects, our credit ratings, and the outlook for the hotel industry as a whole. as a result of covid-19, credit agencies have downgraded our credit ratings. if our credit ratings were to be further downgraded, or general market conditions were to ascribe higher risk to our credit rating levels, our industry, or our company, our access to capital and the cost of debt financing will be further negatively impacted. the interest rate we pay on many of our existing debt instruments, including the credit facility and some of our senior notes, is affected by our credit ratings. accordingly, a downgrade may cause our cost of borrowing to further increase. additionally, certain of our existing commercial agreements may require us to post or increase collateral in the event of further downgrades. in addition, our latest amendments to our credit facility increase the minimum liquidity we are required to maintain for the duration of the waiver period as discussed in note 10, and the terms of future debt agreements could include more restrictive covenants, or require incremental collateral, which may further restrict our business operations or cause future financing to be unavailable due to our covenant restrictions then in effect. also, if we are unable to comply with the covenants under our credit facility, the lenders under our credit facility will have the right to terminate their commitments thereunder and declare the outstanding loans thereunder to be immediately due and payable. a default under our credit facility could trigger a cross-default, acceleration or other consequences under other indebtedness, financial instruments or agreements to which we are a party. there is no guarantee that debt financings will be available in the future to fund our obligations, or will be available on terms consistent with our expectations. additionally, the impact of covid-19 on the financial markets is expected to adversely impact our ability to raise funds through equity financings.
covid-19, and the volatile regional and global economic conditions stemming from covid-19, as well as reactions to future pandemics or resurgences of covid-19, could also give rise to, aggravate and impact our ability to allocate resources to mitigate the other risks that we identify below, which in turn could materially adversely affect our business, liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations. further, covid-19 may also affect our operating and financial results in a manner that is not presently known to us or that we currently do not consider to present significant risks to our operations.
risks relating to our industry our industry is highly competitive, which may impact our ability to compete successfully for guests with other hotel properties and home sharing or rental services. we operate in markets that contain many competitors. each of our hotel brands and our home rental offering competes with major hotel chains, regional hotel chains, independent hotels, and home sharing and rental services across national and international venues. our ability to remain competitive and attract and retain business and leisure travelers depends on our success in distinguishing the quality, value, and efficiency of our lodging products and services, including our loyalty program, direct booking channels, and consumer-facing technology platforms and services, from those offered by others. if we cannot compete successfully in these areas, our operating margins could contract, our market share could decrease, and our earnings could decline. further, new lodging supply in individual markets could have a negative impact on the hotel industry and hamper our ability to increase room rates or occupancy in those markets.
economic downturns and other global, national, and regional conditions could further impact our financial results and growth. because we conduct our business on a global platform, changes in global, national, or regional economies, governmental policies (including in areas such as trade, travel, immigration, healthcare, and related issues), and geopolitical and social conditions impact our activities. our business is impacted by decreases in travel resulting from weak economic conditions, changes in energy prices and currency values, political instability, heightened travel security measures, travel advisories, disruptions in air travel, and concerns over disease, violence, war, or terrorism.
as discussed in "risks relating to covid-19," our performance has been materially affected by some of these conditions and could be further materially affected if these conditions worsen, arise in the future, or extend longer than anticipated, or in other circumstances that we are not able to predict or mitigate. even after covid-19 subsides or effective vaccines or treatments become widely available, our business, markets, growth prospects and business model could continue to be materially impacted or altered.
risks relating to our business operational risks premature termination of our management or franchise agreements could hurt our financial performance. our hotel management and franchise agreements may be subject to premature termination in certain circumstances, such as the bankruptcy of a hotel owner or franchisee, the failure of the hotel owner or franchisee to comply with its payment or other obligations under the agreement, a failure under some agreements to meet specified financial or performance criteria that are subject to the risks described in this section, which we fail or elect not to cure, or in certain limited cases, other negotiated contractual termination rights. some courts have also applied agency law principles and related fiduciary standards to managers of third-party hotel properties, including us (or have interpreted hotel management agreements to be "personal services contracts"). property owners may assert the right to terminate management agreements even where the agreements provide otherwise, and some courts have upheld such assertions about our management agreements and may do so in the future. when terminations occur for these or other reasons, we may need to enforce our right to damages for breach of contract and related claims, which may cause us to incur significant legal fees and expenses. we may have difficulty collecting damages from the hotel owner or franchisee, and any damages we ultimately collect could be less than the projected future value of the fees and other amounts we would have otherwise collected under the management or franchise agreement. a significant loss of these agreements could hurt our financial performance or our ability to grow our business.
disagreements with owners of hotels that we manage or franchise may result in litigation or delay implementation of product or service initiatives. consistent with our focus on management and franchising, we own very few of our lodging properties. the nature of our responsibilities under our management agreements to manage each hotel and enforce the standards required for our brands under both management and franchise agreements may be subject to interpretation and will from time to time give rise to disagreements, which may include disagreements over the need for or payment for new product, service or systems initiatives, the timing and amount of capital investments, and reimbursement for operating costs, system costs, or other amounts. such disagreements may become more likely in the current environment and during other periods when hotel returns are weaker. we seek to resolve any disagreements to develop and maintain positive relations with current and potential hotel owners, franchisees, and real estate investment partners, but we cannot always do so. failure to resolve such disagreements has resulted in litigation, and could do so in the future. if any such litigation results in an adverse judgment, settlement, or court order, we could suffer significant losses, our profits could be reduced, or our future ability to operate our business could be constrained.
an increase in the use of third-party internet services to book online hotel reservations could adversely impact our business. some of our hotel rooms are booked through internet travel intermediaries such as expedia.com, priceline.com, booking.com, travelocity.com, and orbitz.com, as well as lesser-known online travel service providers. these intermediaries initially focused on leisure travel, but now also provide offerings for corporate travel and group meetings. although our best rate guarantee and member rate programs have helped limit guest preference shift to intermediaries and greatly reduced the ability of intermediaries to undercut the published rates at our hotels, intermediaries continue to use a variety of aggressive online marketing methods to attract guests, including the purchase by certain companies of trademarked online keywords such as "marriott" from internet search engines such as google, bing, yahoo, and baidu to steer guests toward their websites (a practice that has been challenged by various trademark owners in federal court). our business and profitability could be harmed to the extent that online intermediaries succeed in significantly shifting loyalties from our lodging brands to their travel services, diverting bookings away from our direct online channels, or through their fees, increasing the overall cost of internet bookings for our hotels. in addition, if we are not able to negotiate new agreements on satisfactory terms when our existing contracts with intermediaries (which generally have 2- to 3- year terms) come up for renewal, our business and prospects could be negatively impacted in a number of ways. for example, if newly negotiated agreements are on terms less favorable to our hotels than the expiring agreements, or if we are not able to negotiate new agreements and our hotels no longer appear on intermediary websites, our bookings could decline, our profits (and the operating profits of hotels in our system) could decline, and customers and owners may be less attracted to our brands. we may not be able to recapture or offset any such loss of business through actions we take to enhance our direct marketing and reservation channels or to rely on other channels or other intermediary websites.
our growth strategy depends upon attracting third-party owners and franchisees to our platform, and future arrangements with these third parties may be less favorable to us, depending on the terms offered by our competitors. our growth strategy for adding lodging facilities entails entering into and maintaining various arrangements with property owners. the terms of our management agreements and franchise agreements for each of our lodging facilities are influenced by contract terms offered by our competitors, among other things. we cannot assure you that any of our current arrangements will continue or that we will be able to enter into future arrangements, renew agreements, or enter into new agreements in the future on terms that are as favorable to us as those that exist today.
the growing significance of our operations outside of the u.s. makes us increasingly susceptible to the risks of doing business internationally, which could lower our revenues, increase our costs, reduce our profits, disrupt our business, or damage our reputation. a significant number of rooms in our system are located outside of the u.s. and its territories. to the extent that our international operations continue to grow, this increasingly exposes us to the challenges and risks of doing business outside the u.s., many of which are outside of our control, and which could materially reduce our revenues or profits, materially increase our costs, result in significant liabilities or sanctions, significantly disrupt our business, or significantly damage our reputation. these challenges and risks include: (1) compliance with complex and changing laws, regulations and government policies that may impact our operations, such as foreign ownership restrictions, import and export controls, trade restrictions, and health and safety requirements; (2) compliance with u.s. and foreign laws that affect the activities of companies abroad, such as competition laws, cybersecurity and privacy laws, data localization requirements, currency regulations, national security laws, trade and economic sanctions, and other laws affecting dealings with certain nations; (3) the difficulties involved in managing an organization doing business in many different countries; (4) uncertainties as to the enforceability of contract and intellectual property rights under local laws; and (5) rapid changes in government policy, political or civil unrest, acts of terrorism, war, pandemics or other health emergencies, border control measures or other travel restrictions, or the threat of international boycotts or u.s. anti-boycott legislation.
any failure by our international operations to comply with anti-corruption laws or trade sanctions could increase our costs, reduce our profits, limit our growth, harm our reputation, or subject us to broader liability. we are subject to restrictions imposed by the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act and anti-corruption laws and regulations of other countries applicable to our operations, such as the u.k. bribery act. anti-corruption laws and regulations generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making certain payments to government officials or other persons in order to influence official acts or decisions or to obtain or retain business. these laws also require us to maintain adequate internal controls and accurate books and records. we have properties in many parts of the world where corruption is common, and our compliance with anti-corruption laws may potentially conflict with local customs and practices. the compliance programs, internal controls and policies we maintain and enforce to promote compliance with applicable anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws may not prevent our associates, contractors, or agents from acting in ways prohibited by these laws and regulations. we are also subject to trade sanctions and regulations administered by the u.s. office of foreign assets control, the u.s. department of commerce, and other u.s. government agencies, and authorities in other countries where we do business. our compliance programs and internal controls also may not prevent conduct that is prohibited under these rules. the u.s. or other countries may impose additional sanctions at any time against any country in or with which, or persons or entities with whom, we do business. depending on the nature of the sanctions imposed, our operations in the relevant country or with the relevant individual or entity could be restricted or otherwise adversely affected. any violations of anti-corruption laws and regulations or trade sanctions could result in significant civil and criminal penalties, reduce our profits, disrupt or have a material adverse effect on our business, damage our reputation, or result in lawsuits or regulatory actions being brought against the company or its officers or directors. in addition, the operation of these laws and regulations or an imposition of further restrictions in these areas could increase our cost of operations, reduce our profits, or cause us to forgo development opportunities, cease operations in certain countries, or limit certain business operations that would otherwise support growth.
exchange rate fluctuations and foreign exchange hedging arrangements could result in significant foreign currency gains and losses and affect our business results. we earn revenues and incur expenses in foreign currencies as part of our operations outside of the u.s. accordingly, fluctuations in currency exchange rates may significantly increase the amount of u.s. dollars required for foreign currency expenses or significantly decrease the u.s. dollars we receive from foreign currency revenues. we are also exposed to currency translation risk because the results of our non-u.s. business are generally reported in local currency, which we then translate to u.s. dollars for inclusion in our financial statements. as a result, exchange rate changes between foreign currencies and the u.s. dollar affect the amounts we record for our foreign assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and could have a negative effect on our financial results. we expect that our exposure to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations will grow as the relative contribution of our non-u.s. operations increases. we enter into foreign exchange hedging agreements with financial institutions to mitigate exposure to some of the foreign currency fluctuations, but these efforts may not be successful. these hedging agreements also do not cover all currencies in which we do business, do not eliminate foreign currency risk entirely for the currencies that they do cover, and involve costs and risks of their own in the form of transaction costs, credit requirements and counterparty risk.
our business depends on the quality and reputation of our company and our brands, and any deterioration could adversely impact our market share, reputation, business, financial condition, or results of operations. many factors can affect the reputation of one or more of our properties or brands and the value of our brands, including service, food quality and safety, safety of our guests and associates, our approach to health and cleanliness, our approach to managing and reducing our carbon footprint, availability and management of scarce natural resources, supply chain management, ability to protect and use our brands and trademarks, diversity, human rights, and support for local communities. reputational value is also based on perceptions, and broad access to social media makes it easy for anyone to provide public feedback that can influence perceptions of us, our brands and our hotels, and it may be difficult to control or effectively manage negative publicity, regardless of whether it is accurate. while reputations may take decades to build, negative incidents can quickly erode trust and confidence, particularly if they result in adverse mainstream and social media publicity, governmental investigations or penalties, or litigation. negative incidents could lead to tangible adverse effects on our business, including lost sales, boycotts, reduced enrollment and/or participation in our loyalty program, loss of development opportunities, adverse government attention, or associate retention and recruiting difficulties. any material decline in the reputation or perceived quality of our brands or corporate image could affect our market share, reputation, business, financial condition, or results of operations.
actions by our franchisees and licensees or others could adversely affect our image and reputation. we franchise and license many of our brand names and trademarks to third parties for lodging, timeshare, and residential properties, and with respect to our credit card programs. under the terms of their agreements with us, these third parties interact directly with guests and others under our brand and trade names. if these third parties fail to maintain or act in accordance with applicable brand standards; experience operational problems, including any data or privacy incident involving guest information or a circumstance involving guest or associate health or safety; or project a brand image inconsistent with ours, then our image and reputation could suffer. although our agreements with these parties provide us with recourse and remedies in the event of a breach, including termination of the agreements under certain circumstances, it could be expensive or time consuming for us to pursue such remedies. we also cannot assure you that in every instance a court would ultimately enforce our contractual termination rights or that we could collect any awarded damages from the defaulting party.
collective bargaining activity and strikes could disrupt our operations, increase our labor costs, and interfere with the ability of our management to focus on executing our business strategies. a significant number of associates at our managed, leased, and owned hotels are covered by collective bargaining agreements. if relationships with our organized associates or the unions that represent them become adverse, then the properties we operate could experience labor disruptions such as strikes, lockouts, boycotts, and public demonstrations. numerous collective bargaining agreements are typically subject to negotiation each year, and our ability in the past to resolve such negotiations does not mean that we will be able to resolve future negotiations without strikes, disruptions, or on terms that we consider reasonable. labor disputes and disruptions have in the past, and could in the future, result in adverse publicity and adversely affect operations and revenues at affected hotels. in addition, labor disputes and disruptions could harm our relationship with our associates, result in increased regulatory inquiries and enforcement by governmental authorities, harm our relationships with our guests and customers, divert management attention, and reduce customer demand for our services, all of which could have an adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition, or results of operations.
in addition, labor regulation and the negotiation of new or existing collective bargaining agreements could lead to higher wage and benefit costs, changes in work rules that raise operating expenses and legal costs, and could impose limitations on our ability or the ability of our third-party property owners to take cost saving measures during economic downturns. we do not have the ability to control the negotiations of collective bargaining agreements covering unionized labor employed by the operators of our franchised properties. increased unionization of our workforce, new labor legislation or changes in regulations could disrupt our operations, reduce our profitability or interfere with the ability of our management to focus on executing our business strategies.
our business could suffer as the result of the loss of the services of our senior executives or if we cannot attract and retain talented associates. we compete with other companies both within and outside of our industry for talented personnel. if we cannot recruit, train, develop, and retain sufficient numbers of talented associates, we could experience increased associate turnover, decreased guest satisfaction, low morale, inefficiency, or internal control failures. insufficient numbers of talented associates could also limit our ability to grow and expand our businesses. a shortage of skilled labor could also result in higher wages that would increase our labor costs, which could reduce our profits. in addition, the efforts and abilities of our senior executives are important elements of maintaining our competitive position and driving future growth, and the loss of the services of one or more of our senior executives could result in challenges executing our business strategies or other adverse effects on our business. the impact of covid-19 on the hospitality industry, and actions that we and others in the hospitality industry have taken and may take in the future with respect to our associates and executives in response to covid-19, may adversely affect our ability to attract and retain associates and executives in the future.
risks relating to natural or man-made disasters, contagious disease, violence, or war have reduced the demand for lodging, which has adversely affected our revenues. we have seen a decline in travel and reduced demand for lodging due to so called "acts of god," such as hurricanes, earthquakes, tsunamis, floods, volcanic activity, wildfires, and other natural disasters, as well as man-made disasters and the spread of contagious diseases in locations where we own, manage, or franchise properties and areas of the world from which we draw a large number of guests, and these circumstances could continue or worsen in the future to an extent and for durations that we are not able to predict. actual or threatened war, terrorist activity, political unrest, civil or geopolitical strife, and other acts of violence could have a similar effect. as with the effects we have already experienced from the covid-19 pandemic, any one or more of these events may reduce the overall demand for lodging, limit the room rates that can be charged, and/or increase our operating costs, all of which could adversely affect our profits. if a terrorist event or other incident of violence were to involve one or more of our branded properties, demand for our properties in particular could suffer disproportionately, which could further hurt our revenues and profits.
insurance may not cover damage to, or losses involving, properties that we own, manage, or franchise, or other aspects of our business, and the cost of such insurance could increase. we require comprehensive property and liability insurance policies for our managed, leased, and owned properties with coverage features and insured limits that we believe are customary. we also require our franchisees to maintain similar levels of insurance. market forces beyond our control may nonetheless limit the scope of the insurance coverage we, our hotel owners, or our franchisees can obtain, or our or their ability to obtain coverage at reasonable rates. certain types of losses, generally of a catastrophic nature, such as earthquakes, hurricanes and floods, terrorist acts, pandemics, or liabilities that result from incidents involving the security of information systems, may result in high deductibles, low limits, or may be uninsurable, or the cost of obtaining insurance may be unacceptably high. as a result, we, our hotel owners, and our franchisees may not be successful in obtaining insurance without increases in cost or decreases in coverage levels, or may not be successful in obtaining insurance at all. for example, over the past several years following the severe and widespread damage caused by the 2017 atlantic hurricane season and other natural disasters coupled with continued large global losses, the property, liability and other insurance markets have seen significant cost increases. also, due to the data security incident involving unauthorized access to the starwood reservations database, which we initially reported in november 2018 (the "data security incident"), and the state of the cyber insurance market generally, the costs for our cyber insurance increased with both our 2019 and 2020 renewals, and the cost of such insurance could continue to increase for future policy periods. further, in the event of a substantial loss, the insurance coverage we, our hotel owners, or our franchisees carry may not be sufficient to pay the full market value or replacement cost of any lost investment or in some cases could result in certain losses being totally uninsured. as a result, our revenues and profits could be adversely affected, and for properties we own or lease, we could lose some or all of the capital that we have invested in the property and we could remain obligated for guarantees, debt, or other financial obligations.
if our brands, goodwill or other intangible assets become impaired, we may be required to record significant non-cash charges to earnings. as of december 31, 2020, we had $18.2 billion of goodwill and other intangible assets. we review goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment annually or whenever events or circumstances indicate impairment may have occurred. estimated fair values of our brands or reporting units could change if, for example, there are changes in the business climate, unanticipated changes in the competitive environment, adverse legal or regulatory actions or developments, changes in guests' perception and the reputation of our brands, or changes in interest rates, operating cash flows, or market capitalization. because of the significance of our goodwill and other intangible assets, any future impairment of these assets could require material non-cash charges to our results of operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our reported financial condition and results of operations.
development and financing risks while we are predominantly a manager and franchisor of hotel properties, our hotel owners and franchisees depend on capital to buy, develop, and improve hotels, and they may be unable to access capital when necessary. both we and current and potential hotel owners and franchisees must periodically spend money to fund new hotel investments, as well as to refurbish and improve existing hotels. the availability of funds for new investments and improvement of existing hotels by our current and potential hotel owners and franchisees depends in large measure on their ability to access the capital markets, over which we have little control. obtaining financing on attractive terms has been, and may in the future be further, constrained by the capital markets for hotel and real estate investments. in addition, owners of existing hotels that we franchise or manage may have difficulty meeting required debt service payments or refinancing loans at maturity.
our ability to grow our management and franchise systems is subject to the range of risks associated with real estate investments. our ability to sustain continued growth through management or franchise agreements for new hotels and the conversion of existing facilities to managed or franchised marriott brands is affected, and may potentially be limited, by a variety of factors influencing real estate development generally. these include site availability, financing availability, planning, zoning and other local approvals, and other limitations that may be imposed by market and submarket factors, such as projected room occupancy and rate, changes in growth in demand compared to projected supply, territorial restrictions in our management and franchise agreements, costs of construction, demand for construction resources, and other disruptive conditions in global, regional, or local markets.
our renovation activities expose us to project cost, completion, and resale risks. we occasionally acquire and renovate hotel properties, both directly and through partnerships and other business structures with third parties. this presents a number of risks, including that: (1) weakness in the capital markets may limit our ability, or that of third parties with whom we partner, to raise capital for completion of projects; (2) properties that we renovate could become less attractive due to decreases in demand for hotel properties, market absorption or oversupply, with the result that we may not be able to sell such properties for a profit or at the prices or time we anticipate, or we may be required to record additional impairment charges; and (3) construction delays or cost overruns, including those due to shortages or increased costs of skilled labor and/or materials, lender financial defaults, or so called "acts of god" such as earthquakes, hurricanes, floods, or fires may increase project costs. we could face similar risks to the extent we undertake development activities again in the future.
our owned properties and other real estate investments subject us to numerous risks. we have a number of owned and leased properties, which are subject to the risks that generally relate to investments in real property. we may seek to sell some of these properties over time; however, equity real estate investments can be difficult to sell quickly and covid-19 has disrupted the transaction markets for hospitality assets. we may not be able to complete asset sales at prices we find acceptable, or at all. moreover, the investment returns available from equity investments in real estate depend in large part on the amount of income earned and capital appreciation generated, if any, by the related properties, and the expenses incurred. a variety of other factors also affect income from properties and real estate values, including local market conditions and new supply of hotels, availability and costs of staffing, governmental regulations, insurance, zoning, tax and eminent domain laws, interest rate levels, and the availability of financing. our real estate properties have been, and could in the future be, impacted by any of these factors, resulting in a material adverse impact on our results of operations or financial condition. if our properties continue to not generate revenue sufficient to meet operating expenses, including needed capital expenditures, our income could be further adversely affected and we could be required to record additional significant non-cash impairment charges to our results of operations.
risks associated with development and sale of residential properties associated with our lodging properties or brands may reduce our profits. we participate, through licensing agreements, in the development and sale of residential properties associated with our brands, including residences and condominiums under many of our luxury and premium brand names and trademarks. such projects pose further risks beyond those generally associated with our lodging business, which may reduce our profits or compromise our brand equity, including risks that: (1) weakness in residential real estate and demand generally may reduce our profits and could make it more difficult to convince future project developers of the value added by our brands; (2) increases in interest rates, reductions in mortgage availability or the tax benefits of mortgage financing or residential ownership generally, or increases in the costs of residential ownership could prevent potential customers from buying residential products or reduce the prices they are willing to pay; and (3) residential construction may be subject to warranty and liability claims or claims related to purchaser deposits, and the costs of resolving such claims may be significant.
more hotel projects in our development pipeline may be cancelled or delayed in opening, which could adversely affect our growth prospects. we report a significant number of hotels in our development pipeline, including hotels under construction, hotels subject to signed contracts, and hotels approved for development but not yet under contract. the eventual opening of such pipeline hotels and, in particular, the approved hotels that are not yet under contract, is subject to numerous risks, including the risks described above in the risk factors entitled "our ability to grow our management and franchise systems is subject to the range of risks associated with real estate investments" and "covid-19 has had a material detrimental impact on our business and financial results, and such impact could continue and may worsen for an unknown period of time; risks related to growth." we have seen construction timelines for pipeline hotels lengthen due to competition for skilled construction labor, disruption in the supply chain for materials, and the impact of covid-19 generally, and these circumstances could continue or worsen in the future. accordingly, we cannot assure you that all of our development pipeline will result in new hotels entering our system, or that those hotels will open when we anticipate.
losses on loans or loan guarantees that we have made to third parties impact our profits. at times, we make loans for hotel development, acquisition or renovation expenditures when we enter into or amend management or franchise agreements. from time to time we also provide third-party lenders with financial guarantees for the timely repayment of all or a portion of debt related to hotels that we manage or franchise, generally subject to an obligation that the owner reimburse us for any fundings. we have suffered losses, and could suffer losses in the future, when hotel owners or franchisees default on loans that we provide or fail to reimburse us for loan guarantees that we have funded.
if owners of hotels that we manage or franchise cannot repay or refinance mortgage loans secured by their properties, our revenues and profits could decrease and our business could be harmed. the owners of many of our managed or franchised properties have pledged their hotels as collateral for mortgage loans that they entered into when those properties were purchased or refinanced. if those owners cannot repay or refinance maturing indebtedness on favorable terms or at all, the lenders could declare a default, accelerate the related debt, and foreclose on the property, or the owners could declare bankruptcy, as we have seen in the past and could see in the future. such foreclosures or bankruptcies have in the past and could in the future, in some cases, result in the termination of our management or franchise agreements and eliminate our anticipated income and cash flows, which could have a significant negative effect our results of operations.
changes affecting the availability of the london interbank offered rate ("libor") may have consequences that we cannot yet reasonably predict. we are a party to various agreements and other instruments where obligations by or to us are calculated based on or otherwise dependent on libor. in july 2017, the u.k. financial conduct authority announced that it intends to stop persuading or compelling banks to submit rates for calculation of libor as early as the end of 2021. as a result, libor may perform differently than in the past and may ultimately cease to be utilized or to exist, either during or after 2021. alternative benchmark rate(s) may replace libor and could affect our agreements that reference libor, not all of which contain alternative rate provisions. certain of our agreements reference libor, including for example, our credit facility and certain other financial agreements like loans, guaranties, and derivatives. at this time, it is difficult for us to predict the effect of any changes to libor, any phase out of libor, or any establishment of alternative benchmark rates to replace libor. there is uncertainty about how we, the financial markets, applicable law and the courts will address the replacement of libor with alternative benchmark rates for contracts that do not include fallback provisions to provide for such alternative benchmark rates. in addition, any changes from libor to an alternative benchmark rate may have an uncertain impact on our cost of funds, our receipts or payments under agreements that reference libor, and the valuation of derivative or other contracts to which we are a party, any of which could impact our results of operations and cash flows.
technology, information protection, and privacy risks any disruption in the functioning of our reservation systems could adversely affect our performance and results. we manage global reservation systems that communicate reservations to our hotels from individuals who book reservations directly with us online, through our mobile apps, through our telephone call centers, or through intermediaries like travel agents, internet travel websites, and other distribution channels. the cost, speed, accuracy and efficiency of our reservation systems are critical aspects of our business and are important considerations for hotel owners when choosing our brands. our business may suffer if we fail to maintain, upgrade, or prevent disruption to our reservation systems. disruptions in or changes to our reservation systems could result in a disruption to our business and the loss of important data.
a failure to keep pace with developments in technology could impair our operations or competitive position. the lodging industry continues to demand the use of sophisticated technology and systems, including those used for our reservation, revenue management, property management, human resources and payroll systems, our loyalty program, and technologies we make available to our guests and for our associates. these technologies and systems must be refined, updated, and/or replaced with more advanced systems on a regular basis, and our business could suffer if we cannot do that as quickly or effectively as our competitors or within budgeted costs and time frames. we also may not achieve the benefits that we anticipate from any new technology or system, and a failure to do so could result in higher than anticipated costs or could impair our operating results.
we are exposed to risks and costs associated with protecting the integrity and security of company, associate, and guest data. in the operation of our business, we collect, store, use, and transmit large volumes of data regarding associates, guests, customers, owners, licensees, franchisees, and our own business operations, including credit card numbers, reservation and loyalty data, and other personal information, in various information systems that we maintain and in systems maintained by third parties, including our owners, franchisees, licensees, and service providers. the integrity and protection of this data is critical to our business. our guests and associates also have a high expectation that we, as well as our owners, franchisees, licensees, and service providers, will adequately protect and appropriately use their personal information. the information, security, and privacy requirements imposed by laws and governmental regulation, our contractual obligations, and the requirements of the payment card industry are also becoming more stringent in many jurisdictions in which we operate. our systems and the systems maintained or used by our owners, franchisees, licensees, and service providers may not be able to satisfy these changing legal and regulatory requirements and associate and guest expectations, or may require significant additional investments or time to do so. we may incur significant additional costs to meet these requirements, obligations, and expectations, and in the event of alleged or actual noncompliance, we may experience increased operating costs, increased exposure to fines and litigation, and increased risk of damage to our reputation and brand.
the data security incident, and other information security incidents, could have numerous adverse effects on our business. as a result of the data security incident, we are a party to or have been named as a defendant in numerous lawsuits, primarily putative class actions, brought by consumers and others in the u.s. and canada, one securities class action lawsuit in the u.s., three shareholder derivative lawsuits in the u.s., and one purported representative action brought by a purported consumer class in the u.k. we may be named as a party in additional lawsuits and other claims may be asserted by or on behalf of guests, customers, hotel owners, stockholders or others seeking monetary damages or other relief related to the data security incident. a number of federal, state and foreign governmental authorities have also made inquiries, opened investigations, or requested information and/or documents related to the data security incident, including under various data protection and privacy regulations. responding to and resolving these lawsuits, claims and/or investigations has resulted in fines, such as the fine imposed by the information commissioner's office in the united kingdom (the "ico") as discussed in note 8, and could result in material additional fines or remedial or other expenses. these fines and other expenses may not be covered by insurance. governmental authorities investigating or seeking information about the data security incident also may seek to impose undertakings, injunctive relief, consent decrees, or other civil or criminal penalties, which could, among other things, materially increase our data security costs or otherwise require us to alter how we operate our business. significant management time and company resources have been, and will continue to be, devoted to the data security incident. future publicity or developments related to the data security incident, including as a result of subsequent reports or regulatory actions or developments, could have a range of other adverse effects on our business or prospects, including causing or contributing to loss of consumer confidence, reduced consumer demand, reduced enrollment and/or participation in our loyalty program, loss of development opportunities, and associate retention and recruiting difficulties. insurance coverage designed to limit our exposure to losses such as those related to the data security incident may not be sufficient or available to cover all of our expenses or other losses (including the final fine imposed by the ico and any other fines or penalties) related to the data security incident. in addition, following our march 31, 2020 announcement of an incident involving information for approximately 5.5 million guests that we believe may have been improperly accessed through an application using the login credentials of two franchise employees at a franchise property (the "unauthorized application access incident"), various governmental authorities opened investigations or requested information about the incident, and two lawsuits were filed against us related to the incident. the unauthorized application access incident or publicity related to it could negatively affect our business or reputation.
additional cybersecurity incidents could have adverse effects on our business. we have implemented security measures to safeguard our systems and data, and we intend to continue implementing additional measures in the future, but, as we have seen in the past, our measures may not be sufficient to maintain the confidentiality, security, or availability of the data we collect, store, and use to operate our business. measures taken by our service providers or our owners, franchisees, licensees, other business partners or their service providers also may not be sufficient. efforts to hack or circumvent security measures, efforts to gain unauthorized access to, exploit or disrupt the operation or integrity of our data or systems, failures of systems or software to operate as designed or intended, viruses, "ransomware" or other malware, "supply chain" attacks, "phishing" or other types of business communications compromises, operator error, or inadvertent releases of data have impacted, and may in the future impact, our information systems and records or those of our owners, franchisees, licensees, other business partners, or service providers. our reliance on computer, internet-based, and mobile systems and communications, and the frequency and sophistication of efforts by third parties to gain unauthorized access or prevent authorized access to such systems, have greatly increased in recent years. our increased reliance on cloud-based services and on remote access to information systems in response to covid-19 increases the company's exposure to potential cybersecurity incidents. we have experienced cyberattacks, attempts to disrupt access to our systems and data, and attempts to affect the operation or integrity of our data or systems, and the frequency and sophistication of such efforts could continue to increase. any additional significant theft of, unauthorized access to, compromise or loss of, loss of access to, or fraudulent use of guest, associate, owner, franchisee, licensee, or company data could adversely impact our reputation and could result in legal, regulatory and other consequences, including remedial and other expenses, fines, or litigation. depending on the nature and scope of the event, future compromises in the security of our information systems or those of our owners, franchisees, licensees, other business partners, or service providers or other future disruptions or compromises of data or systems could lead to an interruption in or other adverse effects on the operation of our systems or those of our owners, franchisees, licensees, other business partners, or service providers, resulting in operational inefficiencies and a loss of profits, and could result in negative publicity and other adverse effects on our business, including lost sales, loss of consumer confidence, boycotts, reduced enrollment and/or participation in our loyalty program, litigation, loss of development opportunities, or associate satisfaction, retention and recruiting difficulties, all of which could materially affect our market share, reputation, business, financial condition, or results of operations.
because we have experienced cybersecurity incidents in the past, additional incidents or the failure to detect and appropriately respond to additional incidents could magnify the severity of the adverse effects on our business. the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage information systems change frequently, can be difficult to detect for long periods of time, and can involve difficult or prolonged assessment or remediation periods even once detected, which could also magnify the severity of these adverse effects. we cannot assure you that all potential causes of past significant incidents have been identified and remediated; additional measures may be needed to prevent significant incidents in the future. the steps we take may not be sufficient to prevent future significant incidents and as a result, such incidents may occur again. although we carry cyber insurance that is designed to protect us against certain losses related to cyber risks, that insurance coverage may not be sufficient or available to cover all expenses or other losses (including fines) or all types of claims that may arise in connection with cyberattacks, security compromises, and other related incidents. furthermore, in the future such insurance may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all.
changes in privacy and data security laws could increase our operating costs and increase our exposure to fines and litigation. we are subject to numerous, complex, and frequently changing laws, regulations, and contractual obligations designed to protect personal information. non-u.s. data privacy and data security laws, various u.s. federal and state laws, payment card industry security standards, and other information privacy and security standards are all applicable to us. significant legislative, judicial, or regulatory changes could be issued in the future. compliance with changes in applicable data privacy laws and regulations and contractual obligations, including responding to investigations into our compliance, may restrict our business operations, increase our operating costs, increase our exposure to fines and litigation in the event of alleged non-compliance, and adversely affect our reputation. following the data security incident, certain regulators also opened investigations into our privacy and security policies and practices. as a result of these investigations, we could be exposed to significant fines and remediation costs in addition to those imposed as a result of the data security incident, and adverse publicity related to the investigations could adversely affect our reputation.
changes in laws could adversely affect our ability to market our products effectively. we rely on a variety of direct marketing techniques, including email marketing, online advertising, and postal mailings. any further restrictions in laws such as the canspam act, and various u.s. state laws, or new federal or state laws on marketing and solicitation or international privacy, e-privacy, and anti-spam laws that govern these activities could adversely affect the continuing effectiveness of email, online advertising, and postal mailing techniques and could force further changes in our marketing strategy. if this occurs, we may not be able to develop adequate alternative marketing strategies, which could impact the amount and timing of our sales of certain products. we also obtain access to potential guests and customers from travel service providers or other companies with whom we have substantial relationships, and we market to some individuals on these lists directly or by including our marketing message in the other companies' marketing materials. if access to these lists were to be prohibited or otherwise restricted, our ability to develop new guests and customers and introduce them to our products could be impaired.
governance risk delaware law and our governing corporate documents contain, and our board of directors could implement, anti-takeover provisions that could deter takeover attempts. under the delaware business combination statute, a stockholder holding 15 percent or more of our outstanding voting stock could not acquire us without board of directors consent for at least three years after the date the stockholder first held 15 percent or more of the voting stock. our governing corporate documents also, among other things, require supermajority votes for mergers and similar transactions. in addition, our board of directors could, without stockholder approval, implement other anti-takeover defenses, such as a stockholder rights plan.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
a discussion regarding our financial condition and results of operations for year-end 2019 compared to year-end 2018 can be found in part ii, item 7 "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" of our annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2019, as filed with the sec on february 27, 2020.
business and overview overview we are a worldwide operator, franchisor, and licensor of hotel, residential, and timeshare properties in 133 countries and territories under 30 brand names. under our asset-light business model, we typically manage or franchise hotels, rather than own them. we discuss our operations in the following three reportable business segments: u.s. & canada; asia pacific; and europe, middle east and africa ("emea"). our caribbean and latin america ("cala") operating segment does not meet the applicable accounting criteria for separate disclosure as a reportable business segment, and we include its results in "unallocated corporate and other." in january 2021, we modified our reportable segment structure as a result of a change in the way management intends to evaluate results and allocate resources within the company. beginning with the 2021 first quarter, we will report the following two operating segments: u.s. & canada and international.
we earn base management fees and, under many agreements, incentive management fees from the properties that we manage, and we earn franchise fees on the properties that others operate under franchise agreements with us. in most markets, base management and franchise fees typically consist of a percentage of property-level revenue, or certain property-level revenue in the case of franchise fees, while incentive management fees typically consist of a percentage of net house profit after a specified owner return. for our hotels in the middle east and africa and in the asia pacific region, incentive management fees typically consist of a percentage of gross operating profit without adjustment for a specified owner return. net house profit is calculated as gross operating profit (also referred to as "house profit") less non-controllable expenses such as property insurance, real estate taxes, and capital spending reserves. additionally, we earn franchise fees for use of our intellectual property, including fees from our co-brand credit card, timeshare, and residential programs.
starwood data security incident on november 30, 2018, we announced a data security incident involving unauthorized access to the starwood reservations database (the "data security incident"). the starwood reservations database is no longer used for business operations.
in july 2019, the ico issued a formal notice of intent under the u.k. data protection act 2018 (the "u.k. dpa") proposing a fine in the amount of £99 million against the company in relation to the data security incident. in october 2020, the ico issued a final decision under the u.k. dpa, which includes a fine of £18.4 million. the company did not appeal the ico's decision, but has made no admission of liability in relation to the decision or the underlying allegations. in 2019, we expensed $65 million for this loss contingency, in the "restructuring and merger-related charges" caption of our income statements, based on the fine initially proposed by the ico in july 2019 and the ongoing proceeding. in 2020, we recorded a $39 million reversal of expense, based on the ico's issuance of the final decision. we paid a portion of the ico fine in the 2020 fourth quarter, and the remainder is payable over the next two years. our accrual for this loss contingency, which we present in the "accrued expenses and other" and "other noncurrent liabilities" captions of our balance sheets, was $65 million at year-end 2019 and $17 million at year-end 2020. see note 8 for additional information.
we are currently unable to estimate the range of total possible financial impact to the company from the data security incident in excess of the expenses already incurred. however, we do not believe this incident will impact our long-term financial health. although our insurance program includes coverage designed to limit our exposure to losses such as those related to the data security incident, that insurance may not be sufficient or available to cover all of our expenses or other losses (including fines and penalties) related to the data security incident. as we expected, the cost of such insurance again increased for our current policy period, and the cost of such insurance could continue to increase for future policy periods. we expect to incur significant expenses associated with the data security incident in future periods, primarily related to legal proceedings and regulatory investigations (including possible additional fines and penalties), increased expenses and capital investments for information technology and information security and data privacy, and increased expenses for compliance activities and to meet increased legal and regulatory requirements. see note 8 for additional information related to expenses incurred in 2020 and 2019, insurance recoveries, and legal proceedings and governmental investigations related to the data security incident.
performance measures we believe revenue per available room ("revpar"), which we calculate by dividing room sales for comparable properties by room nights available for the period, is a meaningful indicator of our performance because it measures the period-over-period change in room revenues for comparable properties. revpar may not be comparable to similarly titled measures, such as revenues, and should not be viewed as necessarily correlating with our fee revenue. we also believe occupancy and average daily rate ("adr"), which are components of calculating revpar, are meaningful indicators of our performance. occupancy, which we calculate by dividing occupied rooms by total rooms available (including rooms in hotels temporarily closed due to issues related to covid-19), measures the utilization of a property's available capacity. adr, which we calculate by dividing property room revenue by total rooms sold, measures average room price and is useful in assessing pricing levels. comparisons to the prior year period are on a constant u.s. dollar basis. we calculate constant dollar statistics by applying exchange rates for the current period to the prior comparable period.
we define our comparable properties as our properties that were open and operating under one of our brands since the beginning of the last full calendar year (since january 1, 2019 for the current period) and have not, in either the current or previous year: (1) undergone significant room or public space renovations or expansions, (2) been converted between company-operated and franchised, or (3) sustained substantial property damage or business interruption, with the exception of properties closed or otherwise experiencing interruptions related to covid-19, which we continue to classify as comparable. for 2020 compared to 2019, we had 4,641 comparable u.s. & canada properties and 1,340 comparable international properties.
impact of covid-19
covid-19 continues to have a material impact on our business, our company, and our industry. covid-19 first impacted our business in greater china beginning in january 2020, moved quickly into the rest of asia pacific and the european markets, and spread globally by march 2020. as the pandemic accelerated around the world, worldwide comparable systemwide constant dollar revpar fell sharply. global occupancy levels and revpar have since improved compared to the extremely low levels reached in april 2020, but the pace of recovery generally slowed in most regions in the 2020 fourth quarter and into january 2021 due to the sharp rise in covid-19 cases. as a result, our fee revenue and revenue from owned and leased properties declined significantly during 2020, and we expect that there will not be a significant rebound in travel and lodging demand until there is widespread distribution of effective vaccines.
worldwide comparable systemwide constant dollar revpar declined 23 percent in the 2020 first quarter, 84 percent in the 2020 second quarter, 66 percent in the 2020 third quarter, and 64 percent in the 2020 fourth quarter, compared to the same periods in 2019. worldwide, approximately six percent of our hotels were closed as of february 15, 2021, compared to the peak of more than 25 percent closed on april 26, 2020. however, the progress of recovery is uneven. the spread of covid-19 has constrained and continues to constrain the speed of recovery and will continue to have a dampening impact on demand. demand is still being primarily driven by leisure travelers, and we have not seen meaningful demand return from business and group travelers.
of our geographic regions, greater china experienced the greatest improvement in demand compared to the 2020 second quarter, driven initially by domestic leisure travel with business transient and group business improving through the year, while demand in the rest of asia pacific has generally improved at a much slower pace. in our europe, middle east, and africa region, leisure demand drove revpar improvements in the 2020 third quarter compared to the 2020 second quarter, though increases in covid-19 cases in europe and resulting increases in government restrictions began anew in september 2020, which negatively impacted the recovery in the 2020 fourth quarter. in u.s. & canada, demand improved during the remainder of 2020 from the lows seen in april 2020, primarily driven by leisure travel and by travelers within driving range of their destinations.
we continue to take substantial measures to mitigate the negative financial and operational impacts for our hotel owners and our own business. business contingency plans have been implemented around the world, and we continue to adjust these in response to the global situation. at the corporate level, our actions to date have substantially reduced the monthly run rate of corporate general and administrative costs compared to the monthly costs initially budgeted for 2020, excluding our provision for credit losses. we reduced spending on capital expenditures and other investments, and as previously announced, we suspended share repurchases and cash dividends.
we have taken a number of steps to reorganize the company in response to the decline in lodging demand caused by covid-19. we implemented temporary furloughs and reduced work week schedules for both above-property and on-property associates, most of which ended in september 2020 for above-property associates. as part of the realignment of our organization, we implemented a voluntary transition program for certain associates, and we eliminated a significant number of positions. while we have substantially completed the programs related to our above-property organization, we are continuing to develop restructuring plans, which could result in additional on-property position eliminations, to achieve cost savings specific to each of our company-operated properties. see note 3 for more information about our restructuring activities.
at the property level, we continue to work with owners and franchisees to lower their cash outlays. the steps we have taken to date include deferring renovations, certain hotel initiatives and brand standard audits for hotel owners and franchisees; reducing the amount of certain charges for systemwide programs and services; offering a delay in payment terms for certain charges in the 2020 second quarter; supporting owners and franchisees who are working with their lenders to utilize furniture, fixtures, and equipment (ff&e) reserves to meet working capital needs; and waiving required ff&e funding through 2021. we have significantly lowered the reimbursed expenses we incur on behalf of our owners and franchisees to provide centralized programs and services such as the loyalty program, reservations, marketing and sales, which we generally collect through cost reimbursement revenue on the basis of hotel revenue or program usage. in 2020, we applied for employee retention tax credit refunds from the u.s. treasury under the coronavirus aid, relief, and economic security act ("cares act") totaling $164 million. in the 2020 fourth quarter, we received $119 million, $94 million of which we passed through to the related hotels that we manage on behalf of owners. we expect to receive the remaining refund in 2021, the majority of which we expect will inure to the benefit of our hotel owners. we continue to evaluate the availability of credits and benefits under the cares act and other legislation.
the impact of covid-19 on the company remains fluid, as does our corporate and property-level response, and we expect to continue to assess and may implement additional measures to adapt our operations and plans as we continue to evaluate the implications of covid-19 on our business. the overall operational and financial impact is highly dependent on the breadth and duration of covid-19, including the availability and distribution of effective vaccines or treatments, and could be affected by other factors we are not currently able to predict.
system growth and pipeline in 2020, our system grew from 7,349 properties (1,380,921 rooms) at year-end 2019 to 7,642 properties (1,423,044 rooms) at year-end 2020, reflecting the addition of 399 properties (62,776 rooms) and the exit of 106 properties (20,416 rooms). approximately 45 percent of added rooms are located outside u.s. & canada, and 13 percent are conversions from competitor brands.
at year-end 2020, we had more than 498,000 rooms in our development pipeline, which includes hotel rooms under construction, hotel rooms under signed contracts, and roughly 20,000 hotel rooms approved for development but not yet under signed contracts. over 229,000 rooms in our development pipeline were under construction at year-end 2020. over half of the rooms in our development pipeline are outside u.s. & canada. in 2020, we signed management and franchise agreements for 1,575 properties (248,660 rooms).
in 2021, we expect gross rooms growth of approximately 6.0 percent (3.0 to 3.5 percent, net of deletions).
properties and rooms at year-end 2020, we operated, franchised, and licensed the following properties and rooms:
managed                                        franchised/licensed                                           owned/leased   total properties                    rooms                 properties                           rooms                 properties                       rooms                          properties             rooms u.s. &amp; canada             788                    240,487                    4,720                          677,120                        26                         6,483                             5,534             924,090
asia pacific                  698                    199,040                      143                           37,597                         2                           407                               843             237,044
emea                          485                    108,185                      407                           72,827                        24                         5,561                               916             186,573
cala                          112                     21,520                      132                           27,613                        14                         3,449                               258              52,582
timeshare                       -                          -                       91                           22,755                         -                             -                                91              22,755
total                       2,083                    569,232                    5,493                          837,912                        66                        15,900                             7,642           1,423,044
lodging statistics the following tables present revpar, occupancy, and adr statistics for comparable properties for 2020 and 2020 compared to 2019. systemwide statistics include data from our franchised properties, in addition to our company-operated properties.
revpar                                                occupancy                                        average daily rate
2020                                                                       vs. 2019               2020                  vs. 2019               2020                                           vs. 2019
comparable company-operated properties u.s. &amp; canada                               $50.73                  (67.3)    %           28.6   %               (47.2)    %   pts.                   $177.48                          (13.4)    %
asia pacific                                    $46.32                  (53.7)    %           39.6   %               (31.7)    %   pts.                   $116.90                          (16.7)    %
cala                                            $52.55                  (60.0)    %           26.7   %               (37.8)    %   pts.                   $196.51                           (3.6)    %
europe                                          $34.88                  (76.8)    %           20.8   %               (53.3)    %   pts.                   $167.70                          (17.3)    %
middle east &amp; africa                        $48.97                  (52.1)    %           34.9   %               (32.9)    %   pts.                   $140.34                           (6.8)    %
emea (1)                                        $41.11                  (68.1)    %           27.0   %               (44.3)    %   pts.                   $152.08                          (15.9)    %
international - all (2)                         $44.77                  (60.6)    %           33.8   %               (37.0)    %   pts.                   $132.56                          (17.4)    %
worldwide (3)                                   $47.53                  (64.3)    %           31.4   %               (41.7)    %   pts.                   $151.51                          (16.7)    %
comparable systemwide properties u.s. &amp; canada                               $48.28                  (59.4)    %           37.2   %               (36.5)    %   pts.                   $129.96                          (19.4)    %
asia pacific                                    $46.51                  (54.2)    %           38.8   %               (32.4)    %   pts.                   $119.89                          (16.0)    %
cala                                            $38.81                  (63.4)    %           24.4   %               (37.4)    %   pts.                   $159.12                           (7.1)    %
europe                                          $32.53                  (75.1)    %           21.7   %               (51.2)    %   pts.                   $149.58                          (16.5)    %
middle east &amp; africa                        $46.27                  (52.5)    %           34.3   %               (33.2)    %   pts.                   $134.87                           (6.5)    %
emea (1)                                        $36.91                  (69.2)    %           25.8   %               (45.4)    %   pts.                   $143.33                          (14.9)    %
international - all (2)                         $41.51                  (62.2)    %           31.5   %               (38.5)    %   pts.                   $131.63                          (16.1)    %
worldwide (3)                                   $46.28                  (60.2)    %           35.5   %               (37.1)    %   pts.                   $130.40                          (18.5)    %
(1)includes europe and middle east & africa.
(2)includes asia pacific, cala, and emea.
(3)includes u.s. & canada and international - all.
consolidated results our results declined in 2020 compared to 2019, primarily due to the impact of covid-19. see the "impact of covid-19" section above for more information about the impact to our business during 2020, and the discussion below for additional analysis of our consolidated results of operations for 2020 and 2019.
fee revenues
($ in millions)                                 2020                    2019                                      change 2020 vs. 2019
base management fees                        $443                   $1,180                    $(737)                          (62)    %
franchise fees                             1,153                    2,006                     (853)                          (43)    %
incentive management fees                     87                      637                     (550)                          (86)    %
gross fee revenues                         1,683                    3,823                   (2,140)                          (56)    %
contract investment amortization           (132)                     (62)      70                          113                       %
net fee revenues                          $1,551                   $3,761                  $(2,210)                          (59)    %
the decrease in base management and franchise fees primarily reflected lower revpar and lower co-brand credit card fees of $84 million primarily due to covid-19, as well as lower fees from properties that left the system of $32 million. the decrease in franchise fees was partially offset by unit growth ($37 million).
the decrease in incentive management fees was primarily due to covid-19. in 2020, we earned incentive management fees from 37 percent of our managed properties worldwide, compared to 72 percent in 2019. we earned incentive management fees from 3 percent of managed properties in u.s. & canada and 56 percent of managed properties outside u.s. & canada in 2020, compared to 57 percent in u.s. & canada and 81 percent outside u.s. & canada in 2019. in addition, 92 percent of our total incentive management fees in 2020 came from our managed properties outside u.s. & canada, primarily in asia pacific, versus 65 percent in 2019.
contract investment amortization increased primarily due to higher impairments of investments in management and franchise contracts, primarily due to covid-19.
owned, leased, and other
($ in millions)                                             2020   2019                    change 2020 vs. 2019
owned, leased, and other revenue                        $568                   $1,612      $(1,044)                             (65)    %
owned, leased, and other - direct expenses               677                    1,316      (639)                                (49)    %
owned, leased, and other, net                         $(109)                     $296      $(405)                              (137)    %
owned, leased, and other revenue, net of direct expenses decreased primarily due to lower demand at and the temporary closure of certain of our owned and leased hotels due to covid-19, as well as net lower owned and leased profits attributable to hotels sold in the 2019 fourth and 2020 first quarters ($19 million).
cost reimbursements
($ in millions)                           2020   2019                    change 2020 vs. 2019
cost reimbursement revenue          $8,452                  $15,599      $(7,147)                             (46)    %
reimbursed expenses                  8,435                   16,439      (8,004)                              (49)    %
cost reimbursements, net               $17                   $(840)      $857               102                       %
cost reimbursements, net (cost reimbursement revenue, net of reimbursed expenses) varies due to timing differences between the costs we incur for centralized programs and services and the related reimbursements we receive from hotel owners and franchisees, primarily driven by our loyalty program. over the long term, our centralized programs and services are not designed to impact our economics, either positively or negatively. see note 2 for more information about the accounting for our loyalty program.
the increase in cost reimbursements, net in 2020 primarily reflects the performance of the loyalty program, which had lower program expenses and redemptions.
other operating expenses
($ in millions)                                        2020                  2019                                  change 2020 vs. 2019
depreciation, amortization, and other              $346                   $341                    $5                             1    %
general, administrative, and other                  762                    938                 (176)                          (19)    %
restructuring and merger-related charges            267                    138      129                                         93    %
depreciation, amortization, and other expenses increased, primarily due to higher operating lease impairment charges ($16 million). see note 9 for more information about the operating lease impairment charges.
general, administrative, and other expenses decreased primarily due to lower administrative costs due to our cost reduction measures and $20 million of lower legal expenses. the decrease was partially offset by a higher provision for credit losses and higher guarantee reserves primarily due to the negative current and expected economic impact of covid-19 ($105 million).
restructuring and merger-related charges increased primarily due to the increased put option liability discussed in note 8 ($243 million) and 2020 restructuring charges ($56 million), partially offset by the ico fine discussed in note 8 ($104 million, representing the 2019 accrual and the 2020 reversal), the 2019 impairment charge of a legacy-starwood office building ($34 million), and lower integration costs ($19 million).
non-operating income (expense)
($ in millions)                            2020                  2019                                      change 2020 vs. 2019
gains and other income, net              $9                   $154                  $(145)                            (94)    %
interest expense                      (445)                  (394)                      51                              13    %
interest income                          27                     26                       1                               4    %
equity in (losses) earnings           (141)                     13                   (154)                         (1,185)    %
gains and other income, net decreased primarily due to the 2019 gains on our property sales ($134 million).
interest expense increased primarily due to higher interest on senior note issuances, net of maturities ($93 million), partially offset by lower commercial paper and credit facility interest rates and aggregate average borrowings ($24 million) and net lower interest rates on floating rate debt ($22 million).
equity in (losses) earnings decreased due to losses recorded by the investees and impairment charges ($77 million), primarily as a result of covid-19.
income taxes
($ in millions)                                     2020   2019                    change 2020 vs. 2019
benefit (provision) for income taxes            $199                $(326)         $(525)                          (161)     %
our tax benefit in 2020, compared to our tax provision in 2019, primarily reflected the decrease in operating income ($336 million), the tax benefit from the release of tax reserves due to audit closures during 2020 ($100 million), the tax benefit from the sheraton grand chicago put option reserve ($61 million), the year-over-year tax benefit from impairment charges ($39 million), and the prior year tax expense incurred for u.s. tax on global intangible low-taxed income ($35 million). the decrease was partially offset by a shift in earnings to jurisdictions with higher tax rates ($36 million).
business segments our segment results declined in 2020 compared to 2019 primarily due to the impact of covid-19. see the "impact of covid-19" section above for more information about the impact to our business during 2020 and the discussion below for additional analysis of the operating results of our reportable business segments. segment revenues and profits for emea, a new reportable segment in 2020, did not change significantly in 2019 compared to 2018.
($ in millions)                        2020                    2019                             change 2020 vs. 2019
u.s. &amp; canada segment revenues                 $7,905                  $16,833         $(8,928)                          (53)    %
segment profits                     198                    2,000          (1,802)                          (90)    %
asia pacific segment revenues                    612                    1,189            (577)                          (49)    %
segment profits                       1                      369            (368)                         (100)    %
emea segment revenues                    758                    1,932          (1,174)                          (61)    %
segment (loss) profits            (200)                      318            (518)                         (163)    %
properties                                                                                                            rooms december 31, 2020                december 31, 2019                                 vs. december 31, 2019       december 31, 2020                december 31, 2019                                   vs. december 31, 2019
u.s. &amp; canada               5,534                            5,324                        210                             4    %         924,090                          899,805                       24,285                             3    %
asia pacific                      843                              782                         61                             8    %         237,044                          221,772                       15,272                             7    %
emea                              916                              893                         23                             3    %         186,573                          184,091                        2,482                             1    %
u.s. & canada u.s. & canada segment profits decreased primarily due to the following:
•$1,351 million of lower gross fee revenues (primarily reflecting lower comparable systemwide revpar and net house profits driven by decreases in both occupancy and adr due to lower demand resulting from covid-19, partially offset by unit growth of $32 million);
•$60 million of higher contract investment amortization costs (primarily reflecting higher contract impairment charges);
•$158 million of lower owned, leased, and other revenue, net of direct expenses (including $19 million from hotels sold in the 2019 fourth and 2020 first quarters);
•$22 million of higher general, administrative, and other expenses (primarily reflecting $75 million of higher provision for credit losses and reserves for guarantee funding, partially offset by $48 million of lower administrative costs due to our cost reduction measures);
•$141 million of lower gains and other income, net (primarily reflecting a $134 million gain on the sale of two properties in 2019);
•$101 million of lower equity in (losses) earnings due to impairment charges ($60 million) and losses recorded by investees, primarily as a result of covid-19; and
•$27 million of higher restructuring and merger-related charges;
partially offset by:
•$49 million of higher cost reimbursement revenue, net of reimbursed expenses.
asia pacific asia pacific segment profits decreased primarily due to the following:
•$294 million of lower gross fee revenues (primarily reflecting lower comparable systemwide revpar and net house profits driven by decreases in both occupancy and adr due to lower demand resulting from covid-19);
•$39 million of lower owned, leased, and other revenue, net of direct expenses;
•$9 million of lower cost reimbursement revenue, net of reimbursed expenses; and
•$25 million of lower equity in (losses) earnings;
partially offset by:
•$13 million of lower general, administrative, and other expenses (primarily reflecting lower expenses due to covid-19).
emea emea segment loss, compared to prior year profits, primarily reflects the following:
•$308 million of lower gross fee revenues (primarily reflecting lower comparable systemwide revpar and net house profits driven by decreases in both occupancy and adr due to lower demand resulting from covid-19);
•$171 million of lower owned, leased, and other revenue, net of direct expenses;
•$25 million of lower cost reimbursement revenue, net of reimbursed expenses; and
•$11 million of lower equity in (losses) earnings;
partially offset by:
•$13 million of lower general, administrative, and other expenses (primarily reflecting lower expenses due to covid-19, partially offset by a $24 million higher provision for credit losses).
stock-based compensation see note 6 for more information.
new accounting standards see note 2 for information on our adoption of new accounting standards.
liquidity and capital resources our long-term financial objectives include diversifying our financing sources, optimizing the mix and maturity of our long-term debt, and reducing our working capital. at year-end 2020, our long-term debt had a weighted average interest rate of 3.7 percent and a weighted average maturity of approximately 6.0 years. including the effect of interest rate swaps, the ratio of our fixed-rate long-term debt to our total long-term debt was 0.8 to 1.0 at year-end 2020.
in response to the negative impact covid-19 had on our cash from operations in 2020, which we expect to continue to be negatively impacted as discussed above, we have taken numerous actions to preserve our financial flexibility and manage our debt maturities, which include:
•substantially reducing our corporate general and administrative costs, reimbursed expenses we incur on behalf of our owners and franchisees, and our capital expenditures and other investment spending, and implementing restructuring plans, as we discuss under the "impact of covid-19" section above;
•suspending share repurchases and dividends until conditions improve and until permitted under our credit facility;
•drawing under the credit facility, as we discuss under the "sources of liquidity-our credit facility" section below;
•amending the credit facility to, among other things, waive the quarterly-tested leverage covenant in the credit facility through and including the fourth quarter of 2021, as we discuss under the "sources of liquidity-our credit facility" section below;
•issuing $3.6 billion aggregate principal amount of senior notes, and repurchasing and retiring approximately $853 million aggregate principal amount of the company's outstanding senior notes maturing in 2022, which we discuss under the "sources of liquidity - senior notes issuances and repurchases" section below; and
•raising $920 million of cash by entering into amendments to the existing agreements for our u.s.-issued co-brand credit cards, which we discuss under the "co-brand credit card agreements" section below.
we monitor the status of the capital markets and regularly evaluate the effect that changes in capital market conditions may have on our ability to fund our liquidity needs. we currently believe the credit facility, our cash on hand, and our access to capital markets remain adequate to meet our liquidity requirements.
sources of liquidity our credit facility our credit facility provides for up to $4.5 billion of aggregate borrowings for general corporate needs, including to support our commercial paper program if and when we resume issuing commercial paper. borrowings under the credit facility generally bear interest at libor (the london interbank offered rate) plus a spread, based on our public debt rating. we also pay quarterly fees on the credit facility at a rate based on our public debt rating. we classify outstanding borrowings under the credit facility and outstanding commercial paper borrowings as long-term based on our ability and intent to refinance the outstanding borrowings on a long-term basis. the credit facility expires on june 28, 2024. in 2020, we made borrowings of $4.5 billion and repayments of $3.6 billion, resulting in total outstanding borrowings under the credit facility of $0.9 billion as of december 31, 2020.
the credit facility contains certain covenants, including a financial covenant that limits our maximum leverage ratio (as defined in the credit facility, and generally consisting of the ratio of adjusted total debt to ebitda, each as defined in the credit facility, and subject to additional adjustments as described therein). on april 13, 2020, we entered into an amendment to the credit facility (the "first credit facility amendment") under which the covenant governing the permitted leverage ratio is waived through and including the first quarter of 2021 (the "covenant waiver period"), which waiver period may end sooner at our election, and the required leverage levels for such covenant are adjusted once re-imposed at the end of the covenant waiver period (starting at 5.50 to 1.00 when the leverage test is first re-imposed and gradually stepping down to 4.00 to 1.00 over the succeeding seven fiscal quarters, as further described in the credit facility). the first credit facility amendment also imposes a monthly-tested minimum liquidity covenant for the duration of the covenant waiver period and makes certain other amendments to the terms of the credit facility, including increasing the interest and fees payable on the credit facility for the duration of the covenant waiver period, tightening certain existing covenants and imposing additional covenants for the duration of the covenant waiver period, including restricting dividends and share repurchases.
on january 26, 2021, we entered into two more amendments to the credit facility (the "new credit facility amendments," and together with the first credit facility amendment, the "credit facility amendments"), which extend the covenant waiver period through and including the fourth quarter of 2021 (which waiver period may end sooner at our election), revise the required leverage levels for such covenant when it is re-imposed at the end of the covenant waiver period (starting at 5.50 to 1.00 when the leverage test is first re-imposed and gradually stepping down to 4.00 to 1.00 over the succeeding five fiscal quarters, as further described in the credit facility), and increase the minimum liquidity amount under the liquidity covenant that is tested monthly for the duration of the covenant waiver period. the new credit facility amendments also make certain other amendments to the terms of the credit facility, including reducing the rate floor for the libor daily floating rate and the eurocurrency rate.
our outstanding public debt does not contain a corresponding financial covenant or a requirement that we maintain certain financial ratios. we currently satisfy the covenants in our credit facility, including the liquidity covenant under the credit facility.
senior notes issuances and repurchases on april 16, 2020, we issued $1.6 billion aggregate principal amount of 5.750 percent series ee notes due may 1, 2025 (the "series ee notes"). we pay interest on the series ee notes in may and november of each year, commencing in november 2020. we received net proceeds of approximately $1.581 billion from the offering of the series ee notes, after deducting the underwriting discount and estimated expenses, which were made available for general corporate purposes.
on june 1, 2020, we issued $1.0 billion aggregate principal amount of 4.625 percent series ff notes due june 15, 2030 (the "series ff notes"). we pay interest on the series ff notes in june and december of each year, commencing in december 2020. we received net proceeds of approximately $985 million from the offering of the series ff notes, after deducting the underwriting discount and estimated expenses. we used the majority of these proceeds to repurchase senior notes with near term maturities, as discussed below and in note 10.
in june 2020, we completed a tender offer (the "tender offer") and retired $853 million aggregate principal amount of our senior notes consisting of:
•$351 million of our 2.3% series q notes maturing january 15, 2022;
•$176 million of our 3.3% series l notes maturing september 15, 2022; and
•$326 million of our 2.1% series dd notes maturing october 3, 2022.
we used proceeds from our series ff notes offering to complete the repurchase of such notes, including the payment of accrued interest and other costs incurred.
on august 14, 2020, we issued $1.0 billion aggregate principal amount of 3.500 percent series gg notes due october 15, 2032 (the "series gg notes"). we will pay interest on the series gg notes in april and october of each year, commencing in april 2021. we received net proceeds of approximately $984 million from the offering of the series gg notes, after deducting the underwriting discount and estimated expenses, which were made available for general corporate purposes, including the repayment of a portion of our outstanding borrowings under the credit facility.
commercial paper due to changes to our credit ratings as a result of the impact of covid-19 on our business, we currently are not issuing commercial paper. as a result, we have had to rely more on borrowings under the credit facility and issuance of senior notes, which carry higher interest costs than our commercial paper.
co-brand credit card agreements in may 2020, we signed amendments to the existing agreements for our u.s.-issued co-brand credit cards associated with our loyalty program. these amendments provided the company with $920 million of cash from the prepayment of certain future revenues, the early payment of a previously committed signing bonus, and the pre-purchase of marriott bonvoy points and other consideration. we recorded the amount of cash received primarily in the deferred revenue caption, and the remainder in the liability for guest loyalty program captions, on our balance sheet.
uses of cash cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash totaled $894 million at december 31, 2020, an increase of $641 million from year-end 2019, primarily reflecting senior notes issuances, net of repayments ($1,797 million), credit facility borrowings, net of repayments ($900 million), net cash provided by operating activities ($1,639 million), and dispositions ($260 million). the following cash outflows partially offset these cash inflows: commercial paper repayments, net of borrowings ($3,190 million), dividend payments ($156 million), purchase of treasury stock ($150 million), capital and technology expenditures ($135 million), other debt repayments, net of borrowings ($123 million), and financing outflows for employee stock-based compensation withholding taxes ($103 million).
cash from operations net cash provided by operating activities decreased by $46 million in 2020 compared to 2019, primarily due to the net loss that we recorded in 2020 (adjusted for non-cash items) due to covid-19, partially offset by net cash inflows from our loyalty program, including the one-time cash payments as a result of the amendments to our co-brand credit card agreements discussed in note 2, a cash benefit from working capital changes, and lower cash paid for income taxes. working capital changes primarily reflect lower accounts receivable due to lower fee and cost reimbursement revenues and a higher allowance for credit losses, lower accounts payable due to lower purchasing activity, and lower bonus accruals.
our ratio of current assets to current liabilities was 0.5 to 1.0 at both year-end 2020 and year-end 2019. we have significant borrowing capacity under our credit facility should we need additional working capital.
investing activities cash flows capital expenditures and other investments. we made capital expenditures, including expenditures on technology, of $135 million in 2020 and $653 million in 2019. capital expenditures in 2020 decreased by $518 million compared to 2019, primarily reflecting the net lower spending on owned and leased properties and our worldwide systems and the 2019 acquisitions of a u.s. & canada property and elegant hotels group plc ("elegant").
we expect spending on capital expenditures and other investments will total approximately $575 million to $650 million for 2021, including contract acquisition costs, equity and other investments, loan advances, and various capital expenditures (including approximately $220 million for maintenance capital spending and our new headquarters).
over time, we have sold lodging properties, both completed and under development, subject to long-term management agreements. the ability of third-party purchasers to raise the debt and equity capital necessary to acquire such properties depends in part on the perceived risks in the lodging industry and other constraints inherent in the capital markets. we monitor the status of the capital markets and regularly evaluate the potential impact of changes in capital market conditions on our business operations. in the starwood combination, we acquired various hotels and equity interests in various hotels, many of which we have sold or are seeking to sell. we have made, and expect to continue making, selective and opportunistic investments to add units to our lodging business, which may include property acquisitions and renovations (such as our 2019 acquisitions of the w new york - union square and elegant), new construction, loans, guarantees, and noncontrolling equity investments. over time, we seek to minimize capital invested in our business through asset sales subject to long-term management or franchise agreements.
dispositions. property and asset sales generated $260 million cash proceeds in 2020 and $395 million in 2019. see note 4 for more information on dispositions.
loan activity. from time to time, we make loans to owners of hotels that we operate or franchise. loan advances, net of loan collections, amounted to $33 million in 2020, compared to net collections of $21 million in 2019. at year-end 2020, we had $163 million of senior, mezzanine, and other loans outstanding, compared to $126 million outstanding at year-end 2019.
financing activities cash flows debt. debt decreased by $564 million in 2020, to $10,376 million at year-end 2020 from $10,940 million at year-end 2019. see "sources of liquidity," caption in this "liquidity and capital resources" section and note 10 for additional information on the senior note and credit facility transactions in 2020.
share repurchases. we purchased 1.0 million shares of our common stock in 2020 (in the 2020 first quarter) at an average price of $145.42 per share and 17.3 million shares in 2019 at an average price of $130.79 per share. at year-end 2020, 17.4 million shares remained available for repurchase under board approved authorizations. we do not anticipate repurchasing additional shares until business conditions improve, and are prohibited from doing so for the duration of the covenant waiver period under our credit facility, with certain exceptions. for additional information, see "fourth quarter 2020 issuer purchases of equity securities" in part ii, item 5.
dividends. on february 14, 2020, our board of directors declared a cash dividend of $0.48 per share payable to stockholders of record on february 28, 2020, which we paid on march 31, 2020. we do not anticipate declaring further cash dividends until business conditions improve and are prohibited from doing so for the duration of the covenant waiver period under our credit facility.
contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements contractual obligations the following table summarizes our contractual obligations at year-end 2020:
payments due by period
($ in millions)                                                  total                  less than                     1-3 years                     3-5 years                        after
1 year                                                                                  5 years debt (1)                                                   $12,453                   $1,542                        $2,143                        $4,281                        $4,487
finance lease obligations (1)                                  206                       13                            27                            28                           138
operating leases where we are the primary obligor            1,890                      184                           349                           284                         1,073
purchase obligations                                           437                      186                           185                            66                             -
other noncurrent liabilities                                   178                        -                            97                            28                            53
total contractual obligations                              $15,164                   $1,925                        $2,801                        $4,687                        $5,751
(1)includes principal as well as interest.
the preceding table does not reflect projected deemed repatriation transition tax payments totaling $395 million at year-end 2020 as a result of the u.s. tax legislation enacted on december 22, 2017, commonly referred to as the 2017 tax cuts and jobs act. in addition, the table does not reflect unrecognized tax benefits, including interest and penalties, at year-end 2020 of $508 million.
in addition to the purchase obligations noted in the preceding table, in the normal course of business we enter into purchase commitments to manage the daily operating needs of the hotels that we manage. since we are reimbursed from the cash flows of the hotels or by working capital calls to the hotel owners, these obligations have minimal impact on our net income and cash flow.
other commitments the following table summarizes our guarantee, investment, and loan commitments at year-end 2020:
($ in millions)                                                                total                  less than                  1-3 years                  3-5 years   after amounts                     1 year                                                         5 years committed guarantee commitments (expiration by period)                              $279                        $35                        $81                        $40         $123
investment and loan commitments (expected funding by period)                22         12                         7                          3                          -
total other commitments                                                   $301                        $47                        $88                        $43         $123
in conjunction with financing obtained for specific projects or properties owned by entities in which we have an equity investment, we may provide industry standard indemnifications to the lender for loss, liability, or damage occurring as a result of our actions or the actions of the entity.
additionally, in 2017, we granted a hotel owner a one-time right, exercisable in 2022, to require us to purchase the leasehold interest in the land and hotel for $300 million in cash (the "put option"). if the owner exercises the put option, we have the option to purchase, at the same time the put transaction closes, the fee simple interest in the underlying land for an additional $200 million in cash (the "call option"). we also have the right to defer the closing on the put and call options, if exercised, to december 2024. we account for the put option as a guarantee and as of december 31, 2020, believe it is probable the hotel owner will exercise the put option and we will exercise the call option.
for further information, including the nature of the commitments and their expirations, see the "commitments" caption in note 8.
letters of credit at year-end 2020, we had $156 million of letters of credit outstanding (all outside the credit facility, as defined in note 10), most of which were for our self-insurance programs. surety bonds issued as of year-end 2020 totaled $163 million, most of which state governments requested in connection with our self-insurance programs.
critical accounting policies and estimates our preparation of financial statements in accordance with gaap requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts and related disclosures. management considers an accounting policy and estimate to be critical if: (1) we must make assumptions that were uncertain when the estimate was made; and (2) changes in the estimate, or selection of a different estimate methodology could have a material effect on our consolidated results of operations or financial condition. management has discussed the development and selection of its critical accounting policies and estimates with the audit committee of our board of directors.
while we believe that our estimates, assumptions, and judgments are reasonable, they are based on information available when the estimate or assumption was made. actual results may differ significantly. additionally, changes in our assumptions, estimates or assessments due to unforeseen events or otherwise could have a material impact on our financial position or results of operations.
see note 2 for further information related to our critical accounting policies and estimates, which are as follows:
loyalty program, including how we estimate the breakage of hotel points, credit card points, and free night certificates, the volume of points and free night certificates that will be issued under our co-brand credit card agreements, the amount of consideration to which we will be entitled under our co-brand credit card agreements, and the stand-alone selling prices of goods and services provided under our co-brand credit card agreements;
goodwill, including how we evaluate the fair value of reporting units and when we record an impairment loss on goodwill;
intangibles and long-lived assets, including how we evaluate the fair value of intangibles and long-lived assets and when we record impairment losses on intangibles and long-lived assets;
investments, including information on how we evaluate the fair value of investments and when we record impairment losses on investments; and business combinations, including the assumptions that we make to estimate the fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed related to discount rates, royalty rates, and the amount and timing of future cash flows.
