item 1a.        risk factors in addition to the other information in this annual report on form 10-k, including management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations and the consolidated financial statements and related notes, you should carefully consider the following risks. if any of the following risks actually occur or continue to occur, our business, reputation, financial condition and/or operating results could be materially adversely affected. the risk factors summarized below are not the only risks we face. additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial may also materially adversely affect our business, reputation, financial condition and/or operating results.
risk factors summary the following is a summary of the principal risks that could materially adversely affect our business, reputation, financial condition and/or operating results. you should read this summary together with the more detailed description of each risk contained below.
operational and industry risks
●   the covid-19 pandemic has had, and we expect will continue to have, certain impacts on our business and operations. such impacts may have a material adverse or other effect on our business and results of operations.

●   the company and tccc have extensive commercial arrangements and, as a result, the company's future performance is substantially dependent on the success of its relationship with tccc.

●   provisions in our organizational documents and control by insiders may prevent changes in control even if such changes would be beneficial to other stockholders.

●   we rely on bottlers and other contract packers to manufacture our products. if we are unable to maintain good relationships with our bottlers and contract packers and/or their ability to manufacture our products becomes constrained or unavailable to us, our business could suffer.

●   we rely on bottlers and distributors to distribute our products. if we are unable to maintain good relationships with our existing bottlers and distributors and/or secure such bottlers and distributors, our business could suffer.

●   we derive virtually all of our revenues from energy drinks, and competitive pressure in the energy drink category could adversely affect our business and operating results.

●   criticism of our energy drink products and/or criticism or a negative perception of energy drinks generally, could adversely affect us.

●   increased competition in the beverage industry and changing retail landscape could hurt our business.

●   our inability to innovate successfully and to provide new cutting edge products could adversely affect our business and financial results.

●   changes in consumer product and shopping preferences may reduce demand for some of our products.

●   our continued expansion outside of the united states exposes us to uncertain conditions and other risks in international markets.

●   if we are not able to pass on increases in the costs of raw materials, including aluminum cans and/or ingredients and/or fuel and/or costs of co-packing, such inability could harm our business and result in a higher cost base. shortages of raw materials including aluminum cans and/or ingredients and/or fuel and/or costs of co-packing could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.

●   our failure to accurately estimate demand for our products or maintain sufficient inventory levels could adversely affect our business and financial results.

●   the costs of packaging supplies are subject to price increases from time to time, and we may be unable to pass all or some of such increased costs on to our customers.

●   global or regional catastrophic events could impact our operations and affect our ability to grow our business.

●   climate change and natural disasters may negatively affect our business.

●   if we are not able to retain the full-time services of senior management, there may be an adverse effect on our operations and/or our operating performance until we find suitable replacements.

●   negative publicity (whether or not warranted) could damage our brand image and corporate reputation, and may cause our business to suffer.

government regulation and litigation risks
●   changes in government regulation, or failure to comply with existing regulations, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

●   we cannot predict the effect of possible inquiries from and/or actions by attorneys general, other government agencies and/or quasi-government agencies into the production, advertising, marketing, promotion, labeling, ingredients, usage and/or sale of our energy drink products.

●   litigation regarding our products, and related unfavorable media attention, could expose us to significant liabilities and reduce demand for our products, thus negatively affecting our financial results.

●   if we encounter material product recalls, our business may suffer material losses and such recalls could damage our brand image and corporate reputation, also potentially resulting in material losses.

intellectual property, information technology and data privacy risks
●   our intellectual property rights are critical to our success, and the loss of such rights could materially adversely affect our business.

●   we must continually maintain, protect and/or upgrade our information technology systems, including protecting us from internal and external cybersecurity threats.

●   if we fail to comply with data privacy and personal data protection laws, we could be subject to adverse publicity, government enforcement actions and/or private litigation, which may negatively impact our business and operating results.

financial risks
●   fluctuations in our effective tax rate could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.

●   we may be required in the future to record a significant charge to earnings if our goodwill or intangible assets become impaired.

●   fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates may adversely affect our operating results.

●   potential changes in accounting standards or practices and/or taxation may adversely affect our financial results.

●   if we fail to maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting on a consolidated basis, our stock price and investor confidence in the company could be materially and adversely affected.

●   uncertainty in the financial markets and other adverse changes in general economic or political conditions in any of the major countries in which we do business could adversely affect our industry, business and results of operations.

●   default by or failure of one or more of our counterparty financial institutions could cause us to incur significant losses.

●   volatility of stock price may restrict sale opportunities.

●   our investments are subject to risks which may cause losses and affect the liquidity of these investments.

operational and industry risks the covid-19 pandemic has had, and we expect will continue to have, certain impacts on our business and operations, and such impacts may have a material adverse or other effect on our business and results of operations.
the current covid-19 pandemic has presented and continues to present a substantial public health and economic challenge around the world and is affecting our employees, communities and business operations, as well as the global economy and financial markets. the human and economic consequences of the covid-19 pandemic as well as the measures taken or that may be taken in the future by governments, businesses (including the company and our suppliers, bottlers/distributors, co-packers and other service providers) and the public at large to limit the covid-19 pandemic, have and will directly and indirectly impact our business and results of operations, including, without limitation, the following:
●   we have experienced decreases in sales of our products in many of our markets around the world that have been affected by the covid-19 pandemic, predominately during the early part of the 2020 second quarter. while some of the restrictions imposed as a result of the initial covid-19 outbreak have been lifted or eased in many jurisdictions as the rates of covid-19 infections have decreased or stabilized, resurgence of the covid-19 pandemic in some markets has slowed or reversed the reopening process, and markets are moving through varying stages of restrictions and re-opening at different times. however, we have recently seen a resurgence of the covid-19 pandemic in the northern hemisphere while cases in the southern hemisphere continue to rise. as a result, a number of countries, particularly in emea, have reinstituted lockdowns and other restrictions, which could further impact customer demand. if the covid-19 pandemic and related unfavorable economic conditions continue to intensify, the negative impact on our sales, including our new product innovation launches, could be prolonged and may become more severe.

●   deteriorating economic conditions and continued financial uncertainties in many of our major markets due to the covid-19 pandemic, such as increased and prolonged unemployment, decreases in per capita income and the level of disposable income, declines in consumer confidence, or economic slowdowns or recessions, could affect consumer purchasing power and consumers' ability to purchase our products, thereby reducing demand for our products. in addition, public concern among consumers regarding the risk of contracting covid-19 may also reduce demand for our products.

●   the closures of, and continued restrictions on, on-premise retailers and other establishments that sell our products as a result of the covid-19 pandemic have adversely impacted and may continue to adversely impact our sales and results of operations.

●   our advertising, marketing, promotional, sponsorship and endorsement activities have been, and will continue to be, disrupted by reduced opportunities for such activities due to measures taken to limit the spread of the covid-19 pandemic and the cancellations of or reduced capacity at sporting events, concerts and other events may result in decreased demand for our products. our product sampling programs, which are part of our strategy to develop brand awareness, have been, and will continue to be, disrupted by the covid-19 pandemic. if we are unable to successfully adapt to the changing landscape of advertising, marketing, promotional, sponsorship and endorsement opportunities created by the covid-19 pandemic, our sales, market share, volume growth and overall financial results could be negatively affected.

●   our innovation activities, including our ability to introduce new products in certain markets, have been delayed and/or adversely impacted by the covid-19 pandemic. if such innovation activities are disrupted and we continue to delay the launch of new products and/or we are unable to secure sufficient distribution levels for such new products, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected.

●   some of our suppliers, bottlers/distributors and co-packers may experience plant closures, production slowdowns and disruptions in operations as a result of the impact of the covid-19 pandemic. this could result in a disruption to our operations.

●   we may experience delays in receiving certain raw materials as a result of shipping delays due to, among other things, additional safety requirements imposed by port authorities, closures of, or congestion at ports, reduced availability of commercial transportation, border restrictions and capacity constraints.

●   due to increased demand in at home beverage consumption, aluminum cans remain in tight supply, which could adversely impact or limit our sales and/or results of operations.

●   we rely on relationships with third parties for cloud data storage and other information technology services for certain functions or for services in support of our operations. these third parties are subject to risks and uncertainties related to the covid-19 pandemic, which may interfere with their ability to fulfill their respective commitments and responsibilities to us in a timely manner and in accordance with the agreed-upon terms.

●   as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, including related governmental measures, restrictions, directives and guidance, we have required most of our office-based employees to work remotely. we may experience reductions in productivity and disruptions to our business routines while our remote work policy remains in place. if our employees working remotely do not maintain appropriate measures to mitigate potential risks to our technology and operations from information technology-related disruptions, we may face cybersecurity threats. employees of our third-party service providers who are working remotely, with whom we may share data, are subject to similar cybersecurity risks.

●   governmental authorities at the u.s. federal, state and/or municipal level and in certain foreign jurisdictions may increase or impose new income taxes, indirect taxes or other taxes or revise interpretations of existing tax rules and regulations as a means of financing the costs of stimulus or may take other measures to protect populations and economies from the impact of the covid-19 pandemic. increases in direct and indirect tax rates could affect our net income, and increases in consumer taxes could affect our products' affordability and reduce our sales.

●   we may be required to record significant impairment charges with respect to goodwill or intangible assets whose fair values may be negatively affected by the effects of the covid-19 pandemic.

●   the continued financial impact of the covid-19 pandemic may cause one or more of the financial institutions we do business with to fail or default in their obligations to us or to become insolvent or file for bankruptcy, which could cause us to incur significant losses and negatively impact our results of operations and financial condition.

●   actions we have taken or may take, or decisions we have made or may make, as a consequence of the covid-19 pandemic may result in negative publicity and the company becoming a party to litigation claims and/or legal proceedings, which could consume significant financial and managerial resources, result in decreased demand for our products and injury to our reputation.

●   the resumption of normal business operations after the disruptions caused by the covid-19 pandemic may be delayed or constrained by the covid-19 pandemic's lingering effects on our suppliers, bottlers/distributors, co-packers, contractors, business partners and/or other service providers.

any of the negative impacts of the covid-19 pandemic, including those described above, alone or in combination with others, may have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, operating results and/or financial condition. any of these negative impacts, alone or in combination with others, could exacerbate many of the risk factors discussed herein, any of which could materially affect our business, reputation, operating results and/or financial condition.
the company and tccc have extensive commercial arrangements and, as a result, the company's future performance is substantially dependent on the success of its relationship with tccc.
we have transitioned all third parties' rights to distribute the company's products in the u.s. to members of tccc's distribution network, which largely consists of independent bottlers/distributors. in addition, except for a handful of countries, tccc is our preferred distribution partner globally, with members of tccc's network distributing our products internationally, including in africa, asia, canada, central and south america, europe, mexico and the middle east. as we progress our international expansion, we expect tccc's distribution network to continue as our preferred distribution partner globally. as a result, we have reduced our distributor diversification and are now dependent on tccc's domestic and international distribution platforms.
tccc has a substantial equity investment in the company. the company, tccc and certain affiliates are parties to various agreements in which tccc and certain affiliates have agreed, subject to certain exceptions, not to compete in the energy drink category in certain territories prior to the termination of the applicable distribution coordination agreement with tccc. the company's distribution agreements with tccc distributors also provide, subject to certain exceptions, that the applicable distributor will not distribute competitive energy drink products.
while we believe that these agreements incentivize tccc to take steps to ensure that our products receive the appropriate attention in the tccc distribution system, disagreements as to the interpretation of the provisions in such agreements have arisen and may arise in the future. in addition, tccc does not control all members of its distribution system, many of which are independent companies that make their own business decisions that may not always align with tccc's interests.
provisions in our organizational documents and control by insiders may prevent changes in control even if such changes would be beneficial to other stockholders.
our organizational documents may limit changes in control. furthermore, as of february 19, 2021, mr. sacks and mr. schlosberg together may be deemed to beneficially own and/or exercise voting control over approximately 10% of our outstanding common stock. as of february 19, 2021, tccc owned approximately 19% of our common stock. tccc has also nominated one director to the company's board of directors. consequently, mr. sacks, mr. schlosberg and tccc could exercise significant control over matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders, including electing directors, amending organizational documents and disapproving extraordinary transactions such as a takeover attempt, even though such actions may be favorable to the other common stockholders.
in particular, tccc's ownership could have an effect on the company's ability to engage in a change in control transaction. tccc is obligated for a period of time to vote all of its common shares of the company in excess of 20% of the outstanding common shares in the same proportion as all common shares not owned by tccc with respect to a proposal for a change of control. however, if tccc were to oppose such a change-in-control transaction, a bidder would be required to secure the support of holders of 62.5% of the company's common shares not owned by tccc (assuming that tccc increased its ownership to 20% of the company's common shares) to achieve a vote of a majority of the company's outstanding shares for a change-in-control transaction. in addition, tccc would have a bidding advantage if the company's board of directors were to seek to sell the company in the future because tccc would not need to pay a control premium on the shares it owns at such time. tccc and the company would also be permitted to terminate tccc's distribution coordination agreements with the company after a change in control of the company. in such event, tccc would receive a termination fee if tccc terminated the distribution coordination agreements following a change in control of the company involving certain tccc competitors, or if the company terminated following a change in control of the company involving any third-party.
the interests of tccc may be different from or conflict with the interests of the company's other stockholders and, as a result, tccc's influence may result in the delay or prevention of potential actions or transactions. moreover, tccc's ownership of a significant amount of the company's outstanding common shares could result in downward pressure on the trading price of the company's common shares if tccc were to sell a large portion of its shares or as a result of the perception that such a sale might occur.
we rely on bottlers and other contract packers to manufacture our products. if we are unable to maintain good relationships with our bottlers and contract packers and/or their ability to manufacture our products becomes constrained or unavailable to us, our business could suffer.
our acquisition of aff in 2016 brought our primary flavor supplier in-house for the majority of our monster energy® brand energy drinks. however, we also procure flavors from other independent flavor suppliers. we do not operate our own manufacturing facilities for finished goods, but instead outsource manufacturing of our finished goods to bottlers and other contract packers. as a result, in the event of a disruption and/or delay, we may be unable to procure alternative packing facilities at commercially reasonable rates and/or within a reasonably short time period. in addition, there are limited alternative packing facilities in our domestic and international markets with adequate capacity and/or suitable equipment for many of our products. for example, in recent years, sales of our java monster® and muscle monster® product lines were adversely impacted by production capacity constraints resulting from production and maintenance issues with certain of our co-packers. while this disruption in production did not significantly affect our revenues, a lengthy disruption or delay in the production of any of our products could significantly adversely affect our revenues from such products, because alternative co-packing facilities in the united states and abroad with adequate long-term capacity may not be available for such products either at commercially reasonable rates and/or costs and/or within a reasonably short time period, if at all. in addition, recently there has been a consolidation of co-packers. if we are unable to maintain good relationships with our largest co-packers, or if our costs of co-packing increase, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.
we rely on bottlers and distributors to distribute our products. if we are unable to maintain good relationships with our existing bottlers and distributors and/or secure such bottlers and distributors, our business could suffer.
many of our bottlers/distributors are affiliated with and manufacture and/or distribute other carbonated, non-carbonated and other beverage products (both alcoholic and non-alcoholic). in many cases, such products compete directly with our products.
unilateral decisions by bottlers/distributors, buying groups, convenience chains, grocery chains, mass merchandisers, specialty chain stores, club stores, e-commerce retailers, e-commerce websites and other customers to discontinue carrying all or any of our products that they are carrying at any time, restrict the range of our products they carry, impose restrictions or limitations on the sale of our products and/or devote less resources to the sale of our products could cause our business to suffer. in addition, possible trading disputes between our bottler/distributors and their customers or buying groups may result in the delisting of certain of the company's products, temporarily or otherwise. bottler/distributor consolidation may also have an impact on our business.
the tccc north american bottlers, coca-cola european partners, coca-cola hellenic, coca-cola femsa, coca-cola amatil, swire coca-cola (china), cofco coca-cola, coca-cola beverages africa and coca-cola i̇çecek are our primary domestic and international distributors of our products. as a result, if we are unable to maintain good relationships with these distributors, or they do not effectively focus on marketing, promoting, selling and distributing our products, sales of our products could be adversely affected. as tccc markets coca-cola energy in additional territories, we may encounter difficulties in maintaining distributor attention, market share or position in the energy drink category in such territories, and bottlers/distributors may reduce the number of our skus they carry or impose limitations on distributing new product skus, which could adversely affect our business and operating results.
a decision by our primary domestic and international distributors or any other large customer to decrease the amount purchased from us or to cease carrying our products could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and consolidated results of operations.
the marketing efforts of our distributors are important for our success. if our brands prove to be less attractive to our existing bottlers and distributors, if we fail to attract additional bottlers and distributors, and/or our bottlers/distributors do not market, promote and distribute our products effectively, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.
disruption in distribution channels and/or a decline in sales due to the termination and/or insolvency of existing or new bottlers/distributors may adversely affect our business and operating results.
we derive virtually all of our revenues from energy drinks, and competitive pressure in the energy drink category could adversely affect our business and operating results.
our focus is in the energy drink category, and our business is vulnerable to adverse changes impacting the energy drink category and business, which could adversely impact our business and the trading price of our common stock.
virtually all of our sales are derived from our energy drinks, including our monster energy® brand energy drinks, our reign total body fuel® energy drinks and our strategic brands energy drinks (including our affordable brand energy drinks, principally predator®). any decrease in the sales of our monster energy® brand and other energy drinks could significantly adversely affect our future revenues and net income. historically, we have experienced substantial competition from new entrants in the energy drink category as well as from the energy shot category. for a discussion of such competition, see "part i, item 1 - business - competition."
the increasing number of competitive products and limited amount of shelf space, including in beverage coolers, in retail stores may adversely impact our ability to gain or maintain our share of sales in the marketplace. in addition, certain actions of our competitors, including unsubstantiated and/or misleading claims, false advertising claims and tortious interference in our business, as well as competitors selling misbranded products, could impact our sales. competitive pressures in the energy drink category could impact our revenues, cause price erosion and/or lower market share, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
criticism of our energy drink products and/or criticism or a negative perception of energy drinks generally, could adversely affect us.
an unfavorable report on the health effects of caffeine, other ingredients in energy drinks or energy drinks generally, or criticism or negative publicity regarding the caffeine content and/or any other ingredients in our products or energy drinks generally, including product safety concerns, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. articles critical of the caffeine content and/or other ingredients in energy drinks and/or articles indicating certain health risks of energy drinks have been published in recent years. we believe the overall growth of the energy drink market in the u.s. may have been negatively impacted by the ongoing negative publicity and comments that continue to appear in the media questioning the safety of energy drinks, and suggesting limitations on their ingredients (including caffeine), and/or the levels thereof, and/or imposing minimum age restrictions for consumers. in early 2018, certain retailers in the united kingdom announced the introduction of voluntary retailer measures to prevent the sale of energy drinks to individuals under the age of 16. if reports, studies or articles critical of caffeine and/or energy drinks continue to be published or are published in the future, or additional voluntary measures are taken, they could adversely affect the demand for our products. our ability to satisfy all criteria set forth in any model energy drink guidelines, including, without limitation, those adopted by the american beverage association, of which we are a member, and/or any international beverage associations and the impact of our failure to satisfy such guidelines on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
increased competition in the beverage industry and changing retail landscape could hurt our business.
the beverage industry is highly competitive. the principal areas of competition are pricing, packaging, development of new products, flavors, product positioning as well as promotion and marketing strategies. our products compete with a wide range of drinks produced by a relatively large number of manufacturers, some of which have substantially greater financial, marketing and distribution resources than we do.
important factors affecting our ability to compete successfully include the efficacy, taste and flavor of our products, trade and consumer promotions, rapid and effective development of new and unique cutting edge products, attractive and different packaging, branded product advertising and pricing. the success of our sports marketing, social media and other general marketing endeavors may impact our business, financial condition and results of operation. our products compete with all liquid refreshments and in some cases with products of much larger and substantially better financed competitors, including the products of numerous nationally and internationally known producers such as tccc, pepsico, red bull gmbh and kdp. we also compete with companies that are smaller or primarily national or local in operations. our products also compete with private-label brands such as those carried by grocery store chains, convenience store chains and club stores.
the rapid growth in sales through e-commerce retailers, e-commerce websites, mobile commerce applications and subscription services, and closures of physical retail operations, particularly during, and potentially following, the covid-19 pandemic, may result in a shift away from physical retail operations to digital channels and a reduction in impulse purchases. as we build our e-commerce capabilities, we may not be able to develop and maintain successful relationships with existing and new e-commerce retailers without experiencing a deterioration of our relationships with key customers operating physical retail channels. if we are unable to profitably expand our own e-commerce capabilities and/or if e-commerce retailers take significant market share away from traditional retailers our business may be adversely affected. further, the ability of consumers to compare prices on a real-time basis using digital technology puts additional pressure on us to maintain competitive prices. sales in gas chains may also be affected by improvements in fuel efficiency and increased consumer preferences for electric or alternative fuel-powered vehicles, which may result in fewer trips by consumers to gas stations and a corresponding reduction in purchases by consumers in convenience gas retailers. if we are unable to successfully adapt to the rapidly changing retail landscape, our share of sales, volume growth and overall financial results could be negatively affected.
due to competition in the beverage industry, there can be no assurance that we will not encounter difficulties in maintaining our current revenues, market share or position in the beverage industry. if our revenues decline, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.
our inability to innovate successfully and to provide new cutting edge products could adversely affect our business and financial results.
our ability to compete in the highly competitive beverage industry and to achieve our business growth objectives depends, in part, on our ability to develop new flavors, products and packaging. the success of our innovation, in turn, depends on our ability to identify consumer trends and cater to consumer preferences. if we are not successful in our innovation activities, our business, financial condition and results of operation could be adversely affected.
changes in consumer product and shopping preferences may reduce demand for some of our products.
the beverage industry is subject to changing consumer preferences and shifts in consumer preferences may adversely affect us. there is increasing awareness of and concern for health, wellness and nutrition considerations, including concerns regarding caloric intake associated with sugar-sweetened beverages and the perceived undesirability of artificial ingredients. some consumer advocacy groups and others have expressed concerns regarding certain ingredients in diet sodas, which are contained in certain of our energy drinks. there are also changes in demand for different packages, sizes and configurations. this may reduce demand for our beverages, which could reduce our revenues and adversely affect our results of operations.
consumers are seeking greater variety in their beverages. our future success will depend, in part, upon our continued ability to develop and introduce different and innovative beverages that appeal to consumers. in order to retain and expand our market share, we must continue to develop and introduce different and innovative beverages and be competitive in the areas of efficacy, taste, quality and price, although there can be no assurance of our ability to do so. there is no assurance that consumers will continue to purchase our products in the future. product lifecycles for some beverage brands, products and/or packages may be limited to a few years before consumers' preferences change. the beverages we currently market are in varying stages of their product lifecycles, and there can be no assurance that such beverages will become or remain profitable for us. we may be unable to achieve volume growth through product and packaging initiatives. we may also be unable to penetrate new markets. additionally, as shopping patterns are being affected by the digital evolution, with customers embracing shopping by way of mobile device applications, e-commerce retailers and e-commerce websites or platforms, we may be unable to address or anticipate changes in consumer shopping preferences or engage with our customers on their preferred platforms. if our revenues decline, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.
our continued expansion outside of the united states exposes us to uncertain conditions and other risks in international markets.
we have continued expanding our operations internationally into a variety of new markets. our net sales to customers outside of the united states were approximately 33%, 32% and 29% of consolidated net sales for the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. as our growth strategy includes further expanding our international business, if we are unable to continue to expand distribution of our products outside the united states, our growth rate could be adversely affected. in many international markets, we have limited operating experience and in some international markets we have no operating experience. it is costly to establish, develop and maintain international operations and develop and promote our brands in international markets. our percentage gross profit margins in many international markets are expected to be less than the comparable percentage gross profit margins obtained in the united states. we face and will continue to face substantial risks associated with having foreign operations, including: economic and/or political instability in our international markets; fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates; restrictions on or costs relating to the repatriation of foreign profits to the united states, including possible taxes and/or withholding obligations on any repatriations; and tariffs and/or trade restrictions. these risks could have a significant impact on our ability to sell our products on a competitive basis in international markets and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. also, our operations outside of the united states are subject to risks relating to appropriate compliance with legal and regulatory requirements in local jurisdictions, potential difficulties in staffing and managing local operations, higher product damages, particularly when products are shipped long distances, potentially higher incidence of fraud and/or corruption, credit risk of local customers and distributors and potentially adverse tax consequences.
if we are not able to pass on increases in the costs of raw materials, including aluminum cans and/or ingredients and/or fuel and/or costs of co-packing, such inability could harm our business and result in a higher cost base. shortages of raw materials including aluminum cans and/or ingredients and/or fuel and/or costs of co-packing could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
the principal raw materials used by us are aluminum cans, sleek aluminum cans, aluminum cap cans, aluminum cans with re-sealable ends, pet plastic bottles, caps, flavors, juice concentrates, glucose, sugar, sucralose, milk, cream, protein, coffee, tea, cocoa, supplement ingredients and other packaging materials, the costs and availability of which are subject to fluctuations. for certain flavors purchased from third-party suppliers and used in a limited number of our monster energy® brand energy drinks and/or our strategic brands energy drinks, these third-party flavor suppliers own the proprietary rights to certain of their flavor formulas. we do not have possession of the list of such flavor ingredients or formulas used in the production of certain of our products and certain of our blended concentrates, and we may be unable to obtain comparable flavors or concentrates from alternative suppliers on short notice. our third-party flavor suppliers generally do not make such flavors and/or blended concentrates available to other third-party customers. we have identified alternative suppliers for certain of the ingredients contained in many of our beverages. however, industry-wide shortages of certain flavors, fruits and fruit juices, coffee, tea, cocoa, dairy-based products, packaging materials (including aluminum cans) supplement ingredients and sweeteners have been, and could from time to time in the future be, encountered, which could interfere with and/or delay production of certain of our products. in addition, certain of our co-packing arrangements allow such co-packers to increase their fees based on certain of their own cost increases. we are uncertain whether the prices of any of the above or any other raw materials or ingredients, certain of which have recently risen, will continue to rise or may rise in the future. we are unsure whether we will be able to pass any of such increases on to our customers. although we generally do not use hedging agreements or alternative instruments to manage the risks associated with securing sufficient ingredients or raw materials, from time to time, we, through our aluminum can suppliers, enter into purchase agreements for the purchase of aluminum, as well as enter into purchase agreements for portions of our annual anticipated requirements for certain of our other raw materials such as glucose, sugar and sucralose. in 2018, the united states imposed tariffs on steel and aluminum as well as on goods imported from china and certain other countries. additional tariffs imposed by the united states on a broader range of imports, or further trade measures taken by china or other countries, could result in an increase in supply chain costs.
our failure to accurately estimate demand for our products or maintain sufficient inventory levels could adversely affect our business and financial results.
we may not correctly estimate demand for our existing products and/or new products. our ability to estimate demand for our products is imprecise, particularly with regard to new products, and may be less precise during periods of rapid growth, including in new markets. if we materially underestimate demand for our products or are unable to secure sufficient ingredients or raw materials including, but not limited to, aluminum cans, aluminum cap cans, sleek aluminum cans, aluminum cans with re-sealable ends, pet plastic bottles, caps, labels, sucralose, flavors, supplement ingredients, juice concentrates, certain sweeteners, coffee, tea, cocoa, protein and packaging materials or experience difficulties with our co-packing arrangements, including production shortages or quality issues, we might not be able to satisfy demand on a short-term basis. moreover, industry-wide shortages of certain juice concentrates, supplement ingredients and sweeteners have been and could, from time to time in the future, be experienced, resulting in production fluctuations and/or product shortages. we generally do not use hedging agreements or alternative instruments to manage this risk. such shortages could interfere with and/or delay production of certain of our products and could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results.
if we do not accurately anticipate the future demand for a particular product or the time it will take to obtain new inventory, our inventory levels may be inadequate and our results of operations may be negatively impacted. if we fail to meet our shipping schedules, we could damage our relationships with distributors and/or retailers, increase our distribution costs and/or cause sales opportunities to be delayed or lost. in order to be able to deliver our products on a timely basis, we need to maintain adequate inventory levels of the desired products. if the inventory of our products held by our distributors and/or retailers is too high, they will not place orders for additional products, which could unfavorably impact our future sales and adversely affect our operating results.
the costs of packaging supplies are subject to price increases from time to time, and we may be unable to pass all or some of such increased costs on to our customers.
many of our packaging supply contracts allow our suppliers to alter the costs they charge us for packaging supplies based on changes in the costs of the underlying commodities that are used to produce those packaging supplies, such as aluminum for cans, pet plastic for bottles and pulp and paper for cartons and/or trays. these changes in the prices we pay for our packaging supplies occur at certain predetermined times that vary by product and supplier. in some cases, we are able to fix the prices of certain packaging supplies and/or commodities for a reasonable period. in other cases, we bear the risk of increases in the costs of these packaging supplies, including the underlying costs of the commodities that comprise these packaging supplies. we do not use derivative instruments to manage this risk. if the costs of these packaging supplies increase, we may be unable to pass these costs along to our customers through corresponding adjustments to the prices we charge, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
global or regional catastrophic events could impact our operations and affect our ability to grow our business.
because of our increasingly global presence, our business could be affected by unstable political conditions, civil unrest, protests and demonstrations, large-scale terrorist acts, especially those directed against the united states or other major industrialized countries where our products are distributed, the outbreak or escalation of armed hostilities, major natural disasters and extreme weather conditions, such as hurricanes, wildfires, tornados, earthquakes or floods, or widespread outbreaks of infectious diseases (such as the covid-19 pandemic). such catastrophic events could impact our operations and our supply chain, including the production and/or distribution of our products. materials and/or personnel may need to mobilize to other locations. our headquarters and a large part of our operations are located in california, a state at greater risk of earthquakes and wildfires. some of the raw materials we use, including certain sizes of cans, are available from limited suppliers, and a regional catastrophic event impacting such suppliers could adversely impact our operations. in addition, such events could disrupt global or regional economic activity, which could affect consumer purchasing power and consumers' ability to purchase our products, thereby reducing demand for our products. if our operations are disrupted or we are unable to grow our business as a result of these factors, our growth rate could decline and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.
climate change and natural disasters may affect our business.
there is concern that a gradual increase in global average temperatures due to increased carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases in the atmosphere could cause significant changes in weather patterns around the globe and an increase in the frequency and severity of natural disasters. changing weather patterns could result in decreased agricultural productivity in certain regions, and/or outbreaks of diseases or other health issues, which may limit availability and/or increase the cost of certain key ingredients, juice concentrates, supplements and other ingredients used in our products and could impact the food security of communities around the world. increased frequency or duration of extreme weather conditions could also impair production capabilities, disrupt our supply chain and/or impact demand for our products.
natural disasters and extreme weather conditions, such as hurricanes, wildfires, earthquakes or floods, and outbreaks of diseases (such as the covid-19 pandemic) or other health issues may affect our operations and the operation of our supply chain, impact the operations of our bottlers/distributors and unfavorably impact our consumers' ability to purchase our products. the predicted effects of climate change may also result in challenges regarding availability and quality of water, or less favorable pricing for water, which could adversely impact our business and results of operations. in addition, public expectations for reductions in greenhouse gas emissions could result in increased energy, transportation and raw material costs, and may require us to make additional investments in facilities and equipment. changes in applicable laws, regulations, standards or practices related to greenhouse gas emissions, packaging and water scarcity, as well as initiatives by advocacy groups in favor of certain climate change-related laws, regulations, standards or practices, may result in increased compliance costs, capital expenditures and other financial obligations, which could affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. sales of our products may also be influenced to some extent by weather conditions in the markets in which we operate. we, our bottlers and our contract packers, use a number of key ingredients in the manufacture of our beverage products that are derived from agricultural commodities such as sugar, coffee, tea and cocoa. increased demand for food products and decreased agricultural productivity in certain regions of the world as a result of changing weather patterns and other factors may limit the availability or increase the cost of such agricultural commodities and could impact the food security of communities around the world. weather conditions may influence consumer demand for certain of our beverages, which could have an effect on our operations, either positively or negatively.
if we are not able to retain the full-time services of senior management, there may be an adverse effect on our operations and/or our operating performance until we find suitable replacements.
our business is dependent, to a large extent, upon the services of our senior management. we do not maintain key person life insurance on any members of our senior management. the loss of services of either rodney sacks, chairman and co-chief executive officer, hilton schlosberg, vice chairman, and co-chief executive officer, or any other key members of our senior management could adversely affect our business until suitable replacements can be found. there may be a limited number of personnel with the requisite skills to serve in these positions, and we may be unable to locate or employ such qualified personnel on acceptable terms.
negative publicity (whether or not warranted) could damage our brand image and corporate reputation, and may cause our business to suffer.
our success depends on our ability to build and maintain the brand image for our existing products, new products and brand extensions and maintain our corporate reputation. there can be no assurance that our advertising, marketing and promotional programs and our commitment to product safety and quality, human rights and environmental sustainability will have the desired impact on our products' brand image and on consumer preferences and demand. claims regarding product safety, quality and/or ingredient content issues, efficacy or lack thereof (real or imagined), our culture and our workforce, our environmental impact and the sustainability of our operations, or allegations of product contamination, even if false or unfounded, could tarnish the image of our brands and may cause consumers to choose other products. consumer demand for our products could diminish significantly if we, our employees, bottlers/distributors, suppliers or business partners fail to preserve the quality of our products, act or are perceived to act in an unethical, illegal, discriminatory, unequal or socially irresponsible manner, including with respect to the sourcing, content or sale of our products, service and treatment of our customers, or the use of customer data. furthermore, our brand image or perceived product quality could be adversely affected by litigation, unfavorable reports in the media (internet or elsewhere), studies in general and regulatory or other governmental inquiries (in each case whether involving our products or those of our competitors) and proposed or new legislation affecting our industry. negative postings or comments on social media or networking websites about the company or any one of our brands, even if inaccurate or malicious, could generate adverse publicity that could damage the reputation of our brands or the company. business incidents, whether isolated or recurring and whether originating from us, our bottlers/distributors, suppliers or business partners, that erode consumer trust can significantly reduce brand value or potentially trigger boycotts of our products and can have a negative impact on consumer demand for our products as well as our reputation and financial results. the impact of such incidents may be exacerbated if they receive considerable publicity, including rapidly through social or digital media (including for malicious reasons) or result in litigation.
in addition, from time to time, there are public policy endeavors that are either directly related to our products and packaging or to our business. these public policy debates can occasionally be the subject of backlash from advocacy groups that have a differing point of view and could result in adverse media and consumer reaction, including product boycotts. similarly, our sponsorship relationships could subject us to negative publicity as a result of actual or alleged misconduct by individuals or entities associated with organizations we sponsor or support. likewise, campaigns by activists connecting us, or our supply chain, with human and workplace rights, environmental or animal rights issues could adversely impact our corporate image and reputation. we have made a number of commitments to respect human rights, including the policies and initiatives described in our california transparency in supply chains act & united kingdom modern slavery act statement. allegations, even if untrue, that we are not respecting the human rights found in the united nations universal declaration of human rights; actual or perceived failure by our suppliers or other business partners to comply with applicable labor and workplace rights laws, including child labor laws, or their actual or perceived abuse or misuse of migrant workers; adverse publicity surrounding obesity and health concerns related to our products, water usage, our environmental impact and the sustainability of our operations, labor relations, our culture and our workforce or the like could negatively affect our company's overall reputation and brand image, which in turn could have a negative impact on our products' acceptance by consumers.
government regulation and litigation risks changes in government regulation, or failure to comply with existing regulations, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
legislation has been proposed and/or adopted at the u.s. federal, state and/or municipal level and proposed and/or adopted in certain foreign jurisdictions to restrict the sale of energy drinks (including, prohibiting the sale of energy drinks at certain establishments or pursuant to certain governmental programs), limit the content of caffeine and other ingredients in beverages, require certain product labeling disclosures and/or warnings, impose excise taxes, limit product size or impose age restrictions for the sale of energy drinks. for a discussion of certain of such legislation, see "part i, item 1 - business - government regulation." furthermore, additional legislation may be introduced in the united states and other countries at the federal, state, local, municipal and supranational level in respect of each of the foregoing subject areas. for instance, on january 1, 2020, a reform to a mexican excise tax went into effect that expanded the definition of an "energy drink" subject to this tax to include products with any amount of caffeine (the prior version of the tax required a threshold of 20 milligrams of caffeine per 100 millimeters for the tax to be applicable) and "taurine or glucuronolactone or thiamine and/or any other substance that produces similar stimulating effects." public health officials and health advocates are increasingly focused on the public health consequences associated with obesity, especially as it affects children, and are seeking legislative change to reduce the consumption of sweetened beverages. there also has been increased focus on caffeine content in beverages, and we are seeing some attention to other ingredients in energy drinks. to the extent any such legislation is enacted in one or more jurisdictions where a significant amount of our products are sold, individually or in the aggregate, it could result in a reduction in demand for, or availability of, our energy drinks, and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
the production, distribution and sale in the united states of many of our products are also currently subject to various federal and state regulations, including, but not limited to: the fd&c act; the occupational safety and health act; various environmental statutes; data privacy laws; california proposition 65; and various other federal, state and local statutes and regulations applicable to the production, transportation, sale, safety, advertising, labeling, packaging and ingredients of such products.
outside the united states, the production, distribution and sale of many of our products are also subject to numerous statutes and regulations.
if a regulatory authority finds that a current or future product, its label, or a production run is not in compliance with any of these regulations, we may be fined, or the products in question may have to be recalled, removed from the market, reformulated and/or have the packaging changed, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we cannot predict the effect of possible inquiries from and/or actions by attorneys general, other government agencies and/or quasi-government agencies into the production, advertising, marketing, promotion, labeling, ingredients, usage and/or sale of our energy drink products.
we are subject to the risks of investigations and/or enforcement actions by state attorneys general and/or other government and/or quasi-governmental agencies relating to the advertising, marketing, promotion, ingredients, usage and/or sale of our energy drinks, and we are a party, from time to time, to various government and regulatory inquiries and/or proceedings. defending these proceedings can result in significant ongoing expenditures and the diversion of our management's time and attention from the operation of our business, which could have a negative effect on our business operations.
in addition, from time to time, government and/or quasi-governmental agencies may investigate the safety of caffeine and other ingredients in energy drinks. if an inquiry by a state attorney general or other government or quasi-government agency finds that our products and/or the advertising, marketing, promotion, ingredients, usage and/or sale of such products are not in compliance with applicable laws or regulations, we may become subject to fines, product reformulations, container changes, changes in the usage or sale of our energy drink products and/or changes in our advertising, marketing and promotion practices, each of which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
litigation regarding our products, and related unfavorable media attention, could expose us to significant liabilities and reduce demand for our products, thus negatively affecting our financial results.
we have been and are a party, from time to time, to various litigation claims and legal proceedings, including, but not limited to, intellectual property, fraud, unfair business practices, false advertising, product liability, breach of contract claims, claims from prior distributors, labor and employment matters, personal injury matters, consumer class actions, securities actions and shareholder derivative actions.
other lawsuits have been filed against us claiming that certain statements made in our advertisements and/or on the labels of our products were false and/or misleading or otherwise not in compliance with food standards under local law, and/or that our products are not safe. putative class action lawsuits have also been filed against certain of our competitors asserting that certain claims in their advertisements amount to false advertising. we do not believe any statements made by us in our promotional materials or set forth on our product labels are false or misleading or noncompliant with local law, or that our products are in any way unsafe and we vigorously defend such lawsuits.
any of the foregoing matters or other litigation, the threat thereof, or unfavorable media attention arising from pending or threatened product-related litigation could consume significant financial and managerial resources and result in decreased demand for our products, significant monetary awards against us, an injunction barring the sale of any of our products and injury to our reputation. our failure to successfully defend or settle any litigation or legal proceedings could result in liabilities that, to the extent not covered by our insurance, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, revenue and profitability, and could cause the market value of our common stock to decline.
if we encounter material product recalls, our business may suffer material losses and such recalls could damage our brand image and corporate reputation, also potentially resulting in material losses.
we may be required from time to time to recall products entirely or from specific co-packers, markets, retailers or batches if such products become contaminated, damaged, mislabeled, defective or otherwise materially non-compliant with applicable regulatory requirements. a material product recall could adversely affect our profitability and our brand image and corporate reputation. we do not maintain recall insurance.
intellectual property, information technology and data privacy risks our intellectual property rights are critical to our success, and the loss of such rights could materially adversely affect our business.
we own numerous trademarks that are very important to our business. we also own the copyright in, and to, a portion of the content on the packaging of our products. we regard our trademarks, copyrights and similar intellectual property as critical to our success and attempt to protect such intellectual property through registration and enforcement actions. however, there can be no assurance that other parties will not infringe or misappropriate our trademarks, copyrights and similar proprietary rights. the company currently has several proceedings ongoing with vpx to adjudicate claims, including claims for false advertising and trademark infringement and trade dress infringement, brought by the company against vpx and by vpx against the company. certain proceedings could result in an injunction barring us from selling certain of our products and/or require changes to be made to our current trade dress. if we lose some or all of our intellectual property rights, or an injunction prevents us from selling any of our products, our business may be materially adversely affected. we also have been, and may in the future be, unable to use our trademarks, trade names or designs and/or trade dress in certain countries, which may impact sales of the affected brands and require increased expenditures, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
we must continually maintain, protect and/or upgrade our information technology systems, including protecting us from internal and external cybersecurity threats.
information technology enables us to operate efficiently, interface with customers, maintain financial accuracy and efficiency and accurately produce our financial statements. if we do not appropriately allocate and effectively manage the resources necessary to build and sustain the proper technology infrastructure, we could be subject to transaction errors, processing inefficiencies, the loss of customers, business disruptions, and/or the loss of and/or damage to intellectual property through security breaches, including internal and external cybersecurity threats. cybersecurity attacks are evolving and include, but are not limited to, malicious software (malware, ransomware and viruses), phishing and social engineering, attempts to gain unauthorized access to networks, computer systems and data, malicious or negligent actions of employees (including misuse of information they are entitled to access) and other forms of electronic security breaches that could lead to disruptions in business systems, an inability to process customer orders and/or lost customer orders, unauthorized release of confidential or otherwise protected information and corruption of data.
we rely on relationships with third parties, including suppliers, distributors, bottlers, contract packers, contractors, cloud data storage and other information technology service providers and other external business partners, for certain functions or for services in support of our operations. these third-party service providers and partners, with whom we may share data, are subject to similar risks as we are relating to cybersecurity, privacy violations, business interruption, and systems, as well as employee failures. while we have procedures in place for selecting and managing our relationships with third-party service providers and other business partners, we do not have control over their business operations or governance and compliance systems, practices and procedures, which increases our financial, legal, reputational and operational risk. these third parties may experience cybersecurity incidents that may involve data we share with them or rely on them to provide to us, and the need to coordinate with such third-parties, including with respect to timely notification and access to personnel and information concerning an incident, may complicate our efforts to resolve any issues that arise.
we believe that we have adopted appropriate measures including ongoing cybersecurity risk assessments to mitigate potential risks to our technology and our operations from these information technology-related disruptions. however, given the unpredictability of the timing, nature and scope of such disruptions, we could potentially be subject to operational interruption, damage to our brand image and private data exposure.
moreover, if our data management systems, including our sap enterprise resource planning system, do not effectively collect, store, process and report relevant data for the operation of our business (whether due to equipment malfunction or constraints, software deficiencies, cybersecurity attack and/or human error), our ability to effectively plan, forecast and execute our business plan and comply with applicable laws and regulations will be impaired, perhaps materially. any such impairment could materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and the timeliness with which we report our internal and external operating results.
if we fail to comply with data privacy and personal data protection laws, we could be subject to adverse publicity, government enforcement actions and/or private litigation, which may negatively impact our business and operating results.
we receive, process, transmit and store information relating to certain identified or identifiable individuals ("personal data"), including current and former employees, in the ordinary course of business. as a result, we are subject to various u.s. federal and state and foreign laws and regulations relating to personal data. these laws are subject to change, and new personal data legislation may be enacted in other jurisdictions at any time. in the european union, the general data protection regulation ("gdpr") became effective in may 2018 for all member states. the gdpr includes operational requirements for companies receiving or processing personal data of residents of the european union different from those that were previously in place and also includes significant penalties for noncompliance. additionally, the california consumer privacy act of 2018 ("ccpa"), which was enacted in june 2018 and came into effect on january 1, 2020, provides a new private right of action and statutory damages for certain data breaches and imposes operational requirements on companies that process personal data of california residents, including making new disclosures to consumers about data collection, processing and sharing practices and allowing consumers to opt out of certain data sharing with third parties.
changes introduced by the gdpr and the ccpa, as well as other changes to existing personal data protection laws and the introduction of such laws in other jurisdictions, subject the company to, among other things, additional costs and expenses and may require costly changes to our business practices and security systems, policies, procedures and practices. there can be no assurances that our security controls over personal data, training of personnel on data privacy and data security, vendor management processes, and the policies, procedures and practices we implement will prevent the improper processing or breaches of personal data. data breaches or improper processing, or breaches of personal data in violation of the gdpr, the ccpa and/or of other personal data protection or privacy laws and regulations, could harm our reputation, cause loss of consumer confidence, subject us to government enforcement actions (including fines), or result in private litigation against us, which may result in potential loss of revenue, increased costs, liability for monetary damages or fines and/or criminal prosecution, thereby negatively impacting our business and operating results.
financial risks fluctuations in our effective tax rate could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
we are subject to income and other taxes in both the u.s. and certain foreign jurisdictions. therefore, we are subject to audits for multiple tax years in various jurisdictions at once.
we are in various stages of examination with certain states and certain foreign jurisdictions including the united kingdom and ireland. our 2017 through 2019 u.s. federal income tax returns are subject to examination by the irs. our state income tax returns are subject to examination for the 2016 through 2019 tax years.
at any given time, events may occur which change our expectation about how any such tax audits will be resolved and thus, there could be significant variability in our quarterly and/or annual tax rates, because these events may change our plans for uncertain tax positions.
changes in u.s. tax laws as a result of any legislation proposed by the new u.s. presidential administration or u.s. congress, which may include efforts to change or repeal the 2017 tax cuts and jobs act and the federal corporate income tax rate reduction, could adversely affect our provision for income taxes, resulting in an adverse impact on our financial condition or results of operations. in addition, changes in the manner in which u.s. multinational corporations are taxed on foreign earnings, including changes in how existing tax laws are interpreted or enforced, could adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations. for example, the organization for economic cooperation and development ("oecd") has recommended changes to numerous long-standing international tax principles through its base erosion and profit shifting ("beps") project. these changes, to the extent adopted, may increase tax uncertainty, result in higher compliance costs and adversely affect our provision for income taxes, results of operations and/or cash flow. in connection with the oecd's beps project, companies are required to disclose more information to tax authorities on operations around the world, which may lead to greater audit scrutiny of profits earned in various countries. economic and political pressures to increase tax revenues in jurisdictions in which we operate, or the adoption of new or reformed tax legislation or regulation, may make resolving tax disputes more difficult and the final resolution of tax audits and any related litigation could differ from our historical provisions and accruals, resulting in an adverse impact on our financial condition or results of operations.
we may be required in the future to record a significant charge to earnings if our goodwill or intangible assets become impaired.
under united states generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap"), we are required to review our intangible assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. factors that may be considered a change in circumstances indicating that the carrying value of our intangible assets may not be recoverable include, declining or slower than anticipated growth rates for certain of our existing products, a decline in stock price and market capitalization, and slower growth rates in our industry.
we may be required in the future to record a significant charge to earnings during the period in which we determine that our intangible assets have been impaired. any such charge would adversely impact our results of operations. as of december 31, 2020, our goodwill totaled approximately $1.33 billion and other intangible assets totaled approximately $1.06 billion.
fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates may adversely affect our operating results.
we are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk with respect to our sales, expenses, profits, assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the u.s. dollar. we may enter into forward currency exchange contracts with financial institutions to create an economic hedge to specifically manage a portion of the foreign exchange risk exposure associated with certain consolidated subsidiaries' non-functional currency denominated assets and liabilities. we have not used instruments to hedge against all foreign currency risks and are therefore not protected against all foreign currency fluctuations. as a result, our reported earnings may be affected by changes in foreign currency exchange rates. moreover, any favorable impacts to profit margins or financial results from fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates are likely to be unsustainable over time. foreign currency transaction losses were $11.2 million, $4.1 million and $4.0 million for the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
potential changes in accounting standards or practices and/or taxation may adversely affect our financial results.
we cannot predict the impact that future changes in accounting standards or practices may have on our financial results. new accounting standards could be issued that change the way we record revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities. these changes in accounting standards could adversely affect our reported earnings. increases in direct and indirect income tax rates could affect after-tax income. equally, increases in indirect taxes (including environmental taxes pertaining to the disposal of beverage containers and/or indirect taxes on beverages generally or energy drinks in particular) could affect our products' affordability and reduce our sales.
if we fail to maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting on a consolidated basis, our stock price and investor confidence in the company could be materially and adversely affected.
we are required to maintain both disclosure controls and procedures as well as internal control over financial reporting that are effective for the purposes described in "part ii, item 9a - controls and procedures." if we fail to maintain such controls and procedures, our business, results of operations, financial condition and/or the value of our stock could be materially harmed.
uncertainty in the financial markets and other adverse changes in general economic or political conditions in any of the major countries in which we do business could adversely affect our industry, business and results of operations.
global economic uncertainties, including foreign currency exchange rates, affect businesses such as ours in a number of ways, making it difficult to accurately forecast and plan our future business activities. there can be no assurance that economic improvements will occur, or that they would be sustainable, or that they would enhance conditions in markets relevant to us. in addition, we cannot predict the duration and severity of disruptions in any of our markets or the impact they may have on our customers or business, as our expansion outside of the united states has increased our exposure to any developments or crises in african, asian, european and other international markets. unfavorable economic conditions and financial uncertainties in our major international markets and unstable political conditions, including civil unrest and governmental changes, in certain of our other international markets could undermine global consumer confidence and reduce consumers' purchasing power, thereby reducing demand for our products. included in the foregoing are long-term uncertainties surrounding the united kingdom's withdrawal from the european union on january 31, 2020 (commonly referred to as "brexit") and any resulting increases in tariffs, importation restrictions, out of stocks, volatility in currency exchange rates, including the valuation of the euro and the british pound in particular, changes in the laws and regulations applied in the united kingdom or impacts on economic and market conditions in the united kingdom, the european union and its member states and elsewhere.
default by or failure of one or more of our counterparty financial institutions could cause us to incur significant losses.
as part of any hedging activities that we may conduct, we may enter into transactions involving derivative financial instruments, including forward contracts, commodity futures contracts, option contracts, collars and swaps, with various financial institutions. we also have significant amounts of cash, cash equivalents and other investments on deposit or in accounts with banks or other financial institutions both in the united states and abroad, exposing us to risk of default by or failure of such counterparty financial institutions. this risk of counterparty default or failure is greater during periods of economic downturn or uncertainty in financial markets. if one of our counterparties became insolvent or filed for bankruptcy, our ability to recover losses incurred due to the default or to retrieve assets deposited or held in accounts with such counterparty may be limited by the counterparty's liquidity or applicable laws governing insolvency and bankruptcy proceedings. default by or failure of one or more of our counterparties could cause us to incur significant losses and negatively impact our results of operations and financial condition.
volatility of stock price may restrict sale opportunities.
our stock price is affected by a number of factors, including stockholder expectations, financial results, the introduction of new products by us and our competitors, general economic and market conditions, estimates and projections by the investment community and public comments by other parties as well as many other factors including litigation, many of which are beyond our control. we do not provide guidance on our future performance, including, but not limited to, our revenues, margins, product mix, operating expenses or net income. we may be unable to achieve analysts' net revenue and/or earnings forecasts, which are based on their own projected revenues, sales volumes and sales mix of many product types and/or new products, certain of which are more profitable than others, as well as their own estimates of gross margin and operating expenses. there can be no assurance that we will achieve any such projected levels or mix of product sales, revenues, gross margins, operating profits and/or net income. as a result, our stock price is subject to significant volatility, and stockholders may not be able to sell our stock at attractive prices. in addition, periods of volatility in the market price of our stock could result in the initiation of securities class action litigation against us. during the fiscal year ended december 31, 2020, the high of our stock price was $91.68 and the low was $50.06.
our investments are subject to risks which may cause losses and affect the liquidity of these investments.
at december 31, 2020, we had $1.18 billion in cash and cash equivalents and $925.6 million in short-term and long-term investments, including certificates of deposit, commercial paper, u.s. government agency securities, u.s. treasuries, and to a lesser extent, municipal securities. certain of these investments are subject to general credit, liquidity, market and interest rate risks. these risks associated with our investment portfolio may have an adverse effect on our future results of operations, liquidity and financial condition.
item 7.          management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations ("md&a") is provided as a supplement to - and should be read in conjunction with - our financial statements and the accompanying notes ("notes") included in part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k. this discussion contains forward-looking statements that are based on management's current expectations, estimates and projections about our business and operations. our actual results may differ materially from those currently anticipated and expressed in such forward-looking statements. see "forward-looking statements" and "part i, item 1a - risk factors."
this overview provides our perspective on the individual sections of md&a. md&a includes the following sections:
●   the covid-19 pandemic - a discussion of the impact of the covid-19 pandemic on our business employees and operations;

●   our business - a general description of our business, the value drivers of our business, and opportunities and risks facing our company, stock repurchases, acquisitions and divestitures;

●   results of operations - an analysis of our consolidated results of operations for the three years presented in our financial statements;

●   sales - details of our sales measured on a quarterly basis in both dollars and cases;

●   inflation - information about the impact that inflation may or may not have on our results;

●   liquidity and capital resources - an analysis of our cash flows, sources and uses of cash and contractual obligations;

●   accounting policies and pronouncements - a discussion of accounting policies that require critical judgments and estimates including newly issued accounting pronouncements;

●   forward-looking statements - cautionary information about forward-looking statements and a description of certain risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the company's historical results or our current expectations or projections; and

●   market risks - information about market risks and risk management. (see "forward-looking statements" and "part ii, item 7a - qualitative and quantitative disclosures about market risks").

the covid - 19 pandemic the current covid-19 pandemic has presented a substantial public health and economic challenge around the world and is affecting our employees, communities and business operations, as well as the global economy and financial markets. the human and economic consequences of the covid-19 pandemic as well as the measures taken or that may be taken in the future by governments, and consequently businesses (including the company and its suppliers, full service beverage bottlers/distributors ("bottlers/distributors"), co-packers and other service providers) and the public at large to limit the covid-19 pandemic, has directly and indirectly impacted our business. the duration and severity of this impact will depend on future developments that are highly uncertain and cannot be accurately predicted, including new information that may emerge concerning the covid-19 pandemic, the actions taken to limit its spread and the economic impact on local, regional, national and international markets. see "part i, item 1a - risk factors."
we have been actively addressing the covid-19 pandemic with a global task force team working to mitigate the potential impacts to our people and business.
health and safety of our employees and business partners from the beginning of the covid-19 pandemic, our top priority has been the health, safety and well-being of our employees. early in march 2020, we implemented global travel restrictions and work-from-home policies for employees who are able to work remotely. for those employees who are unable to work remotely, safety precautions have been instituted, which were developed and adopted in line with guidance from public health authorities and professional consultants. currently, certain of our offices have partially reopened in the u.s. and in certain countries, and generally, our field sales teams are working with our bottler/distributors and retailers subject to certain safety protocols. during the covid-19 pandemic, we have taken a number of steps to support our employees, including increasing employee communications, including topics such as mental health and family welfare; creating wellness hotlines and enhancing employee assistance programs; and conducting employee surveys to evaluate employee morale. we are incredibly proud of the teamwork exhibited by our employees, co-packers and bottlers/distributors around the world who are ensuring the integrity of our supply chain.
customer demand despite the ongoing impact of the covid-19 pandemic, we achieved record fourth quarter net sales. while the performance in europe, middle east and africa ("emea") was solid in the fourth quarter, emea remained adversely affected by the covid-19 pandemic.
since mid-march 2020, we have seen a shift in consumer channel preferences and package configurations, including an increase in at-home consumption and a decrease in food service on-premise consumption. our sales in the 2020 second quarter were initially adversely affected as a result of a decrease in foot traffic in the convenience and gas channel (which is our largest channel) but improved sequentially from the latter half of the 2020 second quarter and throughout the 2020 third and fourth quarters. our e-commerce, club store, mass merchandiser and grocery and related business continued to increase in 2020, while our food service on-premise business, which is a small channel for the company, remained challenged. the duration of these trends and the magnitude of such impacts on future periods cannot be precisely estimated at this time, as they are affected by a number of factors (many of which are outside our control).
we have recently seen a resurgence of the covid-19 pandemic in the northern hemisphere while cases in the southern hemisphere continue to increase. as a result, a number of countries, particularly in emea, have reinstituted lockdowns and other restrictions, which could further impact customer demand.
a reduction in demand for our products or changes in consumer purchasing and consumption patterns, as well as continued economic uncertainty as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, could adversely affect the financial conditions of retailers and consumers, resulting in reduced or canceled orders for our products, purchase returns and closings of retail or wholesale establishments or other locations in which our products are sold.
our distribution and supply chain as of the date of this filing, we do not foresee a material impact on the ability of our co-packers to manufacture and our bottlers/distributors to distribute our products as a result of the covid-19 pandemic. we are continually addressing the increase in our aluminum can requirements given our volume growth and the current supply constraints in the aluminum can industry. overall, we are not experiencing significant raw material or finished product shortages and our supply chain remains intact. depending on the duration of any covid-19 pandemic related issues, we may experience material disruptions in our supply chain as the pandemic continues.
liquidity and capital resources as of the date of this filing, we expect to maintain substantial liquidity as we manage through the current environment as described in the "liquidity and capital resources" section below.
our business overview we develop, market, sell and distribute energy drink beverages and concentrates for energy drink beverages, primarily under the following brand names:
● monster energy®● monster energy ultra®● monster rehab®● monster maxx®● java monster®● muscle monster®● espresso monster®● punch monster®● juice monster®● monster hydro® energy water● monster hydro® super sport● monster hydrosport super fuel®● monster super fuel®● monster dragon tea®● reign total body fuel®● reign inferno® thermogenic fuel   ● nos®● full throttle®● burn®● mother®● nalu®● ultra energy®● play® and power play® (stylized)● relentless®● bpm®● bu®● gladiator®● samurai®● live+®● predator®● fury®

our net sales of $4.60 billion for the year ended december 31, 2020 represented record annual net sales. net sales for the year ended december 31, 2020 were negatively impacted by $15.2 million related to product returns from our customers as a result of a european formulation issue with a limited number of products in europe and a labeling issue concerning one product in japan (the "product returns"). net changes in foreign currency exchange rates had an unfavorable impact on net sales of approximately $48.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2020.
the vast majority of our net sales are derived from our monster energy® drinks segment. net sales of our monster energy® drinks segment were $4.31 billion for the year ended december 31, 2020. net sales of our strategic brands segment were $266.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2020. our monster energy® drinks segment represented 93.6% and 92.9% of our net sales for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. our strategic brands segment represented 5.8% and 6.5% of our net sales for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. our other segment represented 0.6% and 0.5% of our net sales for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. net sales for the monster energy® drinks segment for the year ended december 31, 2020 were negatively impacted by $15.2 million related to the product returns.
net changes in foreign currency exchange rates had an unfavorable impact on net sales in the monster energy® drinks segment of approximately $44.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2020. net changes in foreign currency exchange rates had an unfavorable impact on net sales in the strategic brands segment of approximately $4.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2020.
our growth strategy includes expanding our international business. net sales to customers outside the united states amounted to $1.51 billion, $1.33 billion and $1.09 billion for the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. such sales were approximately 33%, 32% and 29% of net sales for the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. net sales to customers outside the united states for the year ended december 31, 2020 were negatively impacted by $15.2 million related to the product returns.
our customers are primarily full service beverage bottlers/distributors, retail grocery and specialty chains, wholesalers, club stores, mass merchandisers, convenience chains, foodservice customers, value stores, e-commerce retailers and the military. percentages of our gross billings to our various customer types for the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018 are reflected below. such information includes sales made by us directly to the customer types concerned, which include our full service beverage bottlers/distributors in the united states. such full service beverage bottlers/distributors in turn sell certain of our products to some of the same customer types listed below. we limit our description of our customer types to include only our sales to our full service bottlers/distributors without reference to such bottlers/distributors' sales to their own customers.

2020       2019       2018
u.s. full service bottlers/distributors                                     56%        58%        61%
international full service bottlers/distributors                            34%        33%        31%
club stores and e-commerce retailers                                         8%         7%         6%
retail grocery, direct convenience, specialty chains and wholesalers         1%         1%         1%
direct value stores and other                                                1%         1%         1%
our customers include coca-cola canada bottling limited, coca-cola consolidated, inc., coca-cola bottling company united, inc., reyes coca-cola bottling, llc, great lakes coca-cola distribution, llc, coca-cola southwest beverages llc, the coca-cola bottling company of northern new england, inc., swire pacific holdings, inc. (usa), liberty coca-cola beverages, llc, coca-cola european partners, coca-cola hellenic, coca-cola femsa, coca-cola amatil, swire coca-cola (china), cofco coca-cola, coca-cola beverages africa, coca-cola i̇çecek and certain other tccc network bottlers, asahi soft drinks, co., ltd., wal-mart, inc. (including sam's club), costco wholesale corporation and amazon.com, inc. a decision by any large customer to decrease amounts purchased from us or to cease carrying our products could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and consolidated results of operations.
coca-cola consolidated, inc. accounted for approximately 12%, 13% and 13% of our net sales for the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
reyes coca-cola bottling, llc accounted for approximately 11%, 11% and 12% of our net sales for the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
coca-cola european partners accounted for approximately 10% of our net sales for the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018.
we continue to incur expenditures in connection with the development and introduction of new products and flavors.
value drivers of our business we believe that the key value drivers of our business include the following:
●   international growth - the introduction, development and sustained profitability of our monster energy® brand internationally remains a key value driver for our corporate growth. one or more of our products are distributed in approximately 154 countries and territories worldwide.

●   profitable growth - we believe "functional" value-added beverage brands supported by marketing and innovation and targeted to a diverse consumer base, drive profitable growth. we continue to broaden our family of products to provide more alternatives to consumers and launched reign total body fuel® high performance energy drinks in the first quarter of 2019. we are focused on increasing the profit margins for both our monster energy® drinks segment and our strategic brands segment, and believe that tailored branding, packaging, pricing and distribution channel strategies help achieve profitable growth. we are implementing these strategies with a view to continuing profitable growth.

●   cost management - the principal focus of cost management will continue to be on reducing input procurement and production costs on a per-case basis, including raw material costs and co-packing fees, as well as reducing freight costs by securing additional co-packing facilities strategically localized. another key area of focus is to decrease promotional allowances, selling and general and administrative costs, including sponsorships, sampling, promotional and marketing expenses, as a percentage of net sales.

●   efficient capital structure - our capital structure is designed to optimize our working capital in order to finance expansion, both domestically and internationally. we believe that with our strong capital position, our ability to raise funds, if necessary, at a relatively low effective cost of borrowings, provides a competitive advantage. the reduction of days outstanding for accounts receivable and inventory days on hand will remain an area of focus.

we believe that, subject to increases in the costs of certain raw materials being contained, these value drivers, when implemented and/or achieved in the united states and internationally, will result in: (1) improving or maintaining our product gross profit margins; (2) providing additional leverage over time through reduced expenses as a percentage of net operating revenues; and (3) enhancing our cost of capital. the ultimate measure of success is and will be reflected in our current and future results of operations.
net sales, gross profit, operating income, net income and net income per share represent key measurements of the above value drivers. these measurements will continue to be a key management focus in 2021 and beyond (see "part ii, item 7 - results of operations - results of operations for the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to the year ended december 31, 2019").
as of december 31, 2020, the company had working capital of $2.39 billion compared to $1.66 billion as of december 31, 2019. the increase in working capital was primarily the result of the $1.41 billion of net income earned during the year ended december 31, 2020. for the year ended december 31, 2020, our net cash provided by operating activities was approximately $1.36 billion as compared to $1.11 billion for the year ended december 31, 2019. principal uses of cash flows in 2020, were purchases of investments, repurchase of our common stock, development of our monster energy® brand internationally and acquisitions of real property, property and equipment. these principal uses of cash flows are expected to be and remain our principal recurring use of cash and working capital funds in the future (see "part ii, item 7 - liquidity and capital resources").
opportunities, challenges and risks looking forward, our management has identified certain challenges and risks for the beverage industry and the company, including our significant commercial relationship with tccc and tccc's status as a significant stockholder of the company, in each case as described above under "part i, item 1a - risk factors."
in addition, legislation has been proposed and/or adopted at the u.s., state, county and/or municipal level and proposed and/or adopted in certain foreign jurisdictions to restrict the sale of energy drinks (including prohibiting the sale of energy drinks at certain establishments or pursuant to certain governmental programs), limit caffeine content, require certain product labeling disclosures and/or warnings, impose taxes, limit product sizes or impose age restrictions for the sale of energy drinks. in addition, articles critical of the caffeine content in energy drinks and their perceived benefits and articles indicating certain health risks of energy drinks have been published. the proposal and/or adoption of such legislation and the publication of such articles, or the future proposal and/or adoption of similar legislation or publication of similar articles, may adversely affect our company. in addition, uncertainty and/or volatility in our domestic and/or our international economic markets could negatively affect both the stability of our industry and our company. furthermore, our growth strategy includes expanding our international business, which exposes us to risks inherent in conducting international operations, including the risks associated with foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. consumer discretionary spending also represents a challenge to the successful marketing and sale of our products. increases in consumer and regulatory awareness of the health problems arising from obesity and inactive lifestyles continue to represent a challenge. we recognize that obesity is a complex and serious public health problem. our commitment to consumers begins with our broad product line and a wide selection of diet, light and low calorie beverages within our energy drink product lines. we continuously strive to meet changing consumer needs through beverage innovation, choice and variety. (see "part i, item 1a - risk factors").
our historical success is attributable, in part, to our introduction of different and innovative beverages which have been positively accepted by consumers. our future success will depend, in part, upon our continued ability to develop and introduce different and innovative beverages that meet consumer preferences, although there can be no assurance of our ability to do so. in order to retain and expand our market share, we must continue to develop and introduce different and innovative beverages and be competitive in the areas of price, quality, method of distribution, brand image and intellectual property protection. the beverage industry is subject to changing consumer preferences that may adversely affect us if we misjudge such preferences.
in addition, other key challenges and risks that could impact our company's future financial results include, but are not limited to:
●   the continuation or worsening of the covid-19 pandemic;

●   the risks associated with the realization of benefits from our relationship with tccc;

●   the impact of tccc's bottlers/distributors distributing coca-cola brand energy drinks;

●   changes in consumer preferences and demand for our products;

●   economic uncertainty in the united states, europe and other countries in which we operate;

●   the risks associated with foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations;

●   maintenance of our brand image, product quality and corporate reputation;

●   increasing concern over various environmental, human rights and health matters, including obesity, caffeine consumption and energy drinks generally, and changes in regulation and consumer preferences in response to those concerns;

●   profitable expansion and growth of our family of brands in the competitive market place (see "part i, item 1 - business - competition" and "part i, item 1 - business - sales and marketing");

●   costs of establishing and promoting our brands internationally;

●   increases in costs of raw materials used by us;

●   restrictions on imports and sources of supply, duties or tariffs, changes in related government regulations and disruptions in the timely import or export of our products and/or ingredients due to port strikes and/or port congestion, delays due to the covid-19 pandemic, related labor issues or other importation impediments;

●   protection of our existing intellectual property portfolio of trademarks and copyrights and the continuous pursuit to develop and protect new and innovative trademarks and copyrights for our expanding product lines;

●   limitations on available quantities of aluminum cans in general, and in particular, in certain package configurations such as the aluminum 24-ounce cap can and 550ml aluminum can utilizing bre resealable lids;

●   limitations on co-packing availability, particularly for retort production as well for 550ml products utilizing bre resealable lids;

●   the long-term impact of brexit on our business in europe and the united kingdom; and

●   the imposition of additional regulation, including regulation restricting the sale of energy drinks, limiting caffeine content in beverages, requiring product labeling and/or warnings, imposing excise taxes and/or sales taxes, and/or limiting product size and/or age restrictions.

see "part i, item 1a - risk factors" for additional information about risks and uncertainties facing our company.
we believe that the following opportunities exist for us:
●   domestic and international growth potential of our products;

●   growth potential of the energy drink category, both domestically and internationally;

●   planned and future new product and product line introductions with the objective of increasing sales and/or contributing to higher profitability;

●   the introduction of new package formats designed to generate strong revenue growth;

●   package, pricing and channel opportunities to increase profitable growth;

●   effective strategic positioning to capitalize on industry growth;

●   broadening distribution/expansion opportunities in both domestic and international markets;

●   launching and/or relaunching our products and new products into new domestic and international markets and channels; and

●   continued focus on reducing our cost base.

results of operations the following table sets forth key statistics for the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively.

(in thousands, except per share amounts)                                                                                                percentage       percentage change           change
2020                        2019                    2018                     20 vs. 19        19 vs. 18
net sales1                                                      $4,598,638              $4,200,819              $3,807,183                    9.5%            10.3%
cost of sales                                                           1,874,758               1,682,234               1,511,808            11.4%            11.3%
gross profit*1                                                          2,723,880               2,518,585               2,295,375             8.2%             9.7%
gross profit as a percentage of net sales                                   59.2%                   60.0%                   60.3%
operating expenses2                                                     1,090,727               1,115,646               1,011,756           (2.2)%            10.3%
operating expenses as a percentage of net sales                             23.7%                   26.6%                   26.6%
operating income1,2                                                     1,633,153               1,402,939               1,283,619            16.4%             9.3%
operating income as a percentage of net sales                               35.5%                   33.4%                   33.7%
other (expense) income, net                                               (6,996)                  13,023                   9,653         (153.7)%            34.9%
income before provision for income taxes1,2                             1,626,157               1,415,962               1,293,272            14.8%             9.5%
provision for income taxes                                                216,563                 308,127                 300,268          (29.7)%             2.6%
income taxes as a percentage of income before taxes                         13.3%                   21.8%                   23.2%
net income1,2                                                   $1,409,594              $1,107,835              $993,004                     27.2%            11.6%
net income as a percentage of net sales                                     30.7%                   26.4%                   26.1%
net income per common share:
basic                                                           $2.66                   $2.04                   $1.78                        30.3%            14.6%
diluted                                                         $2.64                   $2.03                   $1.76                        30.0%            15.2%
case sales (in thousands) (in 192‐ounce case equivalents)                 504,821                 448,770                 410,886            12.5%             9.2%
1 includes $42.1 million, $46.3 million and $44.4 million for the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively, related to the recognition of deferred revenue.
2 includes $0.2 million, $11.3 million and $26.6 million for the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively, related to distributor termination costs.
*gross profit may not be comparable to that of other entities since some entities include all costs associated with their distribution process in cost of sales, whereas others exclude certain costs and instead include such costs within another line item such as operating expenses. we include out-bound freight and warehouse costs in operating expenses rather than in cost of sales.
results of operations for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the year ended december 31, 2019.
net sales. net sales were $4.60 billion for the year ended december 31, 2020, an increase of approximately $397.8 million, or 9.5% higher than net sales of $4.20 billion for the year ended december 31, 2019. the covid-19 pandemic had an adverse impact on net sales for the year ended december 31, 2020. net sales for the year ended december 31, 2020 were negatively impacted by $15.2 million related to the product returns. net changes in foreign currency exchange rates had an unfavorable impact on net sales of approximately $48.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2020.
net sales for the monster energy® drinks segment were $4.31 billion for the year ended december 31, 2020, an increase of approximately $401.2 million, or 10.3% higher than net sales of $3.90 billion for the year ended december 31, 2019. net sales for the monster energy® drinks segment increased primarily due to increased worldwide sales by volume of our monster energy® brand energy drinks and increased sales by volume for our reign total body fuel® high performance energy drinks, both as a result of increased consumer demand. the covid-19 pandemic had an adverse impact on net sales of the monster energy® drinks segment for the year ended december 31, 2020. net sales for the monster energy® drinks segment for the year ended december 31, 2020 were negatively impacted by $15.2 million related to the product returns. net changes in foreign currency exchange rates had an unfavorable impact on net sales for the monster energy® drinks segment of approximately $44.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2020.
net sales for the strategic brands segment were $266.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, a decrease of approximately $8.6 million, or 3.1% lower than net sales of $274.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the covid-19 pandemic had a material adverse impact on net sales of the strategic brands segment for the year ended december 31, 2020. the impact of the covid-19 pandemic was more pronounced in the strategic brand segment, particularly in emea, as our largest revenue generating countries for this segment experienced extended lockdowns. net changes in foreign currency exchange rates had an unfavorable impact on net sales for the strategic brands segment of approximately $4.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2020.
net sales for the other segment were $27.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, an increase of approximately $5.2 million, or 23.7% higher than net sales of $21.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2019.
case sales, in 192-ounce case equivalents, were 504.8 million cases for the year ended december 31, 2020, an increase of approximately 56.1 million cases or 12.5% higher than case sales of 448.8 million cases for the year ended december 31, 2019. the overall average net sales per case (excluding net sales of aff third-party products of $27.0 million and $21.9 million for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively, as these sales do not have unit case equivalents) decreased to $9.06 for the year ended december 31, 2020, which was 2.8% lower than the average net sales per case of $9.31 for the year ended december 31, 2019.
gross profit. gross profit was $2.72 billion for the year ended december 31, 2020, an increase of approximately $205.3 million, or 8.2% higher than the gross profit of $2.52 billion for the year ended december 31, 2019. the increase in gross profit dollars was primarily the result of the $401.2 million increase in net sales of our monster energy® drinks segment for the year ended december 31, 2020.
gross profit as a percentage of net sales decreased to 59.2% for the year ended december 31, 2020 from 60.0% for the year ended december 31, 2019. the decrease in gross profit as a percentage of net sales for the year ended december 31, 2020 was primarily the result of the impact of the product returns, associated inventory provisions and other related costs as well as geographical sales mix. gross profit as a percentage of net sales (excluding the product returns, associated inventory provisions and other related costs) was 59.6% for the year ended december 31, 2020.
operating expenses. total operating expenses were $1.09 billion for the year ended december 31, 2020, a decrease of approximately $24.9 million, or 2.2% lower than total operating expenses of $1.12 billion for the year ended december 31, 2019. the decrease in operating expenses was primarily due to decreased expenditures of $46.7 million for sponsorship and endorsements, decreased expenditures of $27.7 million for travel and entertainment, each largely as a consequence of the covid-19 pandemic, decreased expenditures of $14.7 million for legal settlements and decreased expenditures of $11.1 million related to the costs associated with distributor terminations. the costs for certain postponed or rescheduled events have been, or may be, deferred to future periods. due to the uncertainty surrounding the covid-19 pandemic, we are unable to estimate in what future periods, if any, such deferred sponsorship and endorsement costs will be recognized. provision for legal settlements for the year ended december 31, 2020 was lower by $14.7 million than in the comparable 2019 period. the decrease in operating expenses was partially offset by increased payroll expenses of $43.1 million (of which $6.9 million was related to an increase in stock-based compensation), increased expenditures of $25.3 million for social media and digital marketing, and increased out-bound freight and warehouse costs of $21.7 million.
operating income. operating income was $1.63 billion for the year ended december 31, 2020, an increase of approximately $230.2 million, or 16.4% higher than operating income of $1.40 billion for the year ended december 31, 2019. operating income as a percentage of net sales was 35.5% and 33.4% for the years ended december 31, 2020 and december 31, 2019, respectively. operating income was $270.8 million and $229.2 million for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively, in connection with our operations in europe, middle east and africa ("emea"), asia pacific and south america.
operating income for the monster energy® drinks segment, exclusive of corporate and unallocated expenses, was $1.82 billion for the year ended december 31, 2020, an increase of approximately $254.4 million, or 16.2% higher than operating income of $1.57 billion for the year ended december 31, 2019. the increase in operating income for the monster energy® drinks segment was primarily the result of the $401.2 million increase in net sales of our monster energy® drinks segment for the year ended december 31, 2020.
operating income for the strategic brands segment, exclusive of corporate and unallocated expenses, was $155.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, a decrease of approximately $9.0 million, or 5.5% lower than operating income of $164.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2019.
operating income for the other segment, exclusive of corporate and unallocated expenses, was $5.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, an increase of approximately $2.3 million, or 62.3% higher than operating income of $3.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2019.
other (expense) income, net. other non-operating (expense) income, net, was $(7.0) million for the year ended december 31, 2020, as compared to other non-operating (expense) income, net, of $13.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. foreign currency transaction losses were $11.2 million and $4.1 million for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. interest income was $8.1 million and $17.8 million for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
provision for income taxes. provision for income taxes was $216.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, a decrease of $91.6 million, or 29.7% lower than the provision for income taxes of $308.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the effective combined federal, state and foreign tax rate decreased to 13.3% from 21.8% for the year ended december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. the decrease in the effective tax rate was primarily attributable to a non-recurring tax benefit of approximately $165.1 million due to an intra-entity transfer of intangible assets between certain of the company's foreign subsidiaries which resulted in a step-up of the tax-deductible basis in the transferred assets in a foreign jurisdiction, and created a temporary difference between the tax basis and the book basis for such intangible assets. the decrease in the effective tax rate was partially offset by the decrease in the equity compensation deduction.
net income. net income was $1.41 billion for the year ended december 31, 2020, an increase of $301.8 million, or 27.2% higher than net income of $1.11 billion for the year ended december 31, 2019. the increase in net income was primarily due to the $205.3 million increase in gross profit, the decrease in the provision for income taxes of $91.6 million and the decrease in operating expenses of $24.9 million.
results of operations for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to the year ended december 31, 2018.
net sales. net sales were $4.20 billion for the year ended december 31, 2019, an increase of approximately $393.6 million, or 10.3% higher than net sales of $3.81 billion for the year ended december 31, 2018. net sales for the year ended december 31, 2019 were positively impacted by approximately $101.9 million as a result of a price increase effective from november 1, 2018 in the united states ("the u.s. price increase") and effective from february 1, 2019 in canada (the
"canada price increase"), on certain of our monster energy® brand energy drinks. net changes in foreign currency exchange rates had an unfavorable impact on net sales of approximately $69.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2019.
net sales for the monster energy® drinks segment were $3.90 billion for the year ended december 31, 2019, an increase of approximately $405.6 million, or 11.6% higher than net sales of $3.50 billion for the year ended december 31, 2018. net sales for the monster energy® drinks segment increased primarily due to (i) sales of our reign total body fuel® high performance energy drinks, introduced in the first quarter of 2019, (ii) the price increases described above, and (iii) increased worldwide sales by volume of our monster energy® brand energy drinks as a result of increased consumer demand. net changes in foreign currency exchange rates had an unfavorable impact on net sales for the monster energy® drinks segment of approximately $59.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2019.
net sales for the strategic brands segment were $274.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, a decrease of approximately $10.9 million, or 3.8% lower than net sales of $285.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2018. net changes in foreign currency exchange rates had an unfavorable impact on net sales for the strategic brands segment of approximately $9.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2019.
net sales for the other segment were $21.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, a decrease of approximately $1.1 million, or 4.6% lower than net sales of $22.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2018.
case sales, in 192-ounce case equivalents, were 448.8 million cases for the year ended december 31, 2019, an increase of approximately 37.9 million cases or 9.2% higher than case sales of 410.9 million cases for the year ended december 31, 2018. the overall average net sales per case (excluding net sales of aff third-party products of $21.9 million and $22.9 million for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively, as these sales do not have unit case equivalents) increased to $9.31 for the year ended december 31, 2019, which was 1.1% higher than the average net sales per case of $9.21 for the year ended december 31, 2018. the increase in the average net sales per case was primarily attributable to a price increase effective from november 1, 2018 in the united states and effective from february 1, 2019 in canada, on certain of our monster energy® brand energy drinks.
gross profit. gross profit was $2.52 billion for the year ended december 31, 2019, an increase of approximately $223.2 million, or 9.7% higher than the gross profit of $2.30 billion for the year ended december 31, 2018. the increase in gross profit dollars was primarily the result of the $405.6 million increase in net sales of our monster energy® drinks segment for the year ended december 31, 2019.
gross profit as a percentage of net sales decreased to 60.0% for the year ended december 31, 2019 from 60.3% for the year ended december 31, 2018. the decrease for the year ended december 31, 2019 was primarily the result of geographical and product sales mix. such decrease was partially offset by the sales price increases discussed above.
operating expenses. total operating expenses were $1.12 billion for the year ended december 31, 2019, an increase of approximately $103.9 million, or 10.3% higher than total operating expenses of $1.01 billion for the year ended december 31, 2018. the increase in operating expenses was primarily due to increased payroll expenses of $36.0 million (of which $6.2 million was related to an increase in stock-based compensation), increased expenditures of $25.1 million for professional service fees, including legal and accounting costs, increased expenditures of $13.4 million for sponsorships and endorsements, and increased expenditures of $19.1 million in other marketing expenses. the increase in operating expenses was partially offset by decreased expenditures of $15.4 million related to the costs associated with distributor terminations. operating expenses for the year ended december 31, 2019 included a $15.5 million provision in connection with an intellectual property claim brought by the descendants of hubert hansen in relation to the company's use of the hubert hansen name prior to the transaction with tccc, that closed in 2015.
operating income. operating income was $1.40 billion for the year ended december 31, 2019, an increase of approximately $119.3 million, or 9.3% higher than operating income of $1.28 billion for the year ended december 31, 2018. operating income as a percentage of net sales was 33.4% and 33.7% for the years ended december 31, 2019 and december 31, 2018, respectively. operating income was $229.2 million and $180.8 million for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively, in connection with our operations in europe, middle east and africa ("emea"), asia pacific and south america.
operating income for the monster energy® drinks segment, exclusive of corporate and unallocated expenses, was $1.57 billion for the year ended december 31, 2019, an increase of approximately $195.0 million, or 14.2% higher than operating income of $1.37 billion for the year ended december 31, 2018. the increase in operating income for the monster energy® drinks segment was primarily the result of the $405.6 million increase in net sales of our monster energy® drinks segment for the year ended december 31, 2019.
operating income for the strategic brands segment, exclusive of corporate and unallocated expenses, was $164.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, a decrease of approximately $12.5 million, or 7.1% lower than operating income of $176.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2018.
operating income for the other segment, exclusive of corporate and unallocated expenses, was $3.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, a decrease of approximately $1.7 million, or 31.9% lower than operating income of $5.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2018.
other income, net. other non-operating income, net, was $13.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, as compared to other non-operating income, net, of $9.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2018. foreign currency transaction losses were $4.1 million and $4.0 million for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. interest income was $17.8 million and $13.8 million for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
provision for income taxes. provision for income taxes was $308.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, an increase of $7.9 million, or 2.6% higher than the provision for income taxes of $300.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2018. the effective combined federal, state and foreign tax rate decreased to 21.8% from 23.2% for the year ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. the decrease in effective tax rate was primarily attributable to an increase in equity compensation deductions. the decrease in the effective tax rate was partially offset by increased income taxes in certain foreign jurisdictions.
net income. net income was $1.11 billion for the year ended december 31, 2019, an increase of $114.8 million, or 11.6% higher than net income of $993.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2018. the increase in net income was primarily due to the $223.2 million increase in gross profit. the increase in net income was partially offset by the increase in operating expenses of $103.9 million and an increase in the provision for income taxes of $7.9 million.
key business metrics we use certain key metrics and financial measures not prepared in accordance with united states generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap") to evaluate and manage our business. for a further discussion of how we use key metrics and certain non-gaap financial measures, see "non-gaap financial measures and other key metrics".
non-gaap financial measures and other key metrics year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the year ended december 31, 2019.
gross billings**. gross billings were $5.33 billion for the year ended december 31, 2020, an increase of approximately $507.3 million, or 10.5% higher than gross billings of $4.82 billion for the year ended december 31, 2019.
the covid-19 pandemic had an adverse impact on gross billings for the year ended december 31, 2020. gross billings for the year ended december 31, 2020 were negatively impacted by $15.2 million related to the product returns. net changes in foreign currency exchange rates had an unfavorable impact on gross billings of approximately $50.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2020.
gross billings for the monster energy® drinks segment were $4.99 billion for the year ended december 31, 2020, an increase of approximately $509.4 million, or 11.4% higher than gross billings of $4.49 billion for the year ended december 31, 2019. gross billings for the monster energy® drinks segment increased primarily due to increased worldwide sales by volume of our monster energy® brand energy drinks and increased sales by volume for our reign total body fuel® high performance energy drinks, both as a result of increased consumer demand. the covid-19 pandemic had an adverse impact on gross billings of the monster energy® drinks segment for the year ended december 31, 2020. gross billings for the monster energy® drinks segment for the year ended december 31, 2020 were negatively impacted by $15.2 million related to the product returns. net changes in foreign currency exchange rates had an unfavorable impact on gross billings for the monster energy® drinks segment of approximately $45.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2020.
gross billings for the strategic brands segment were $305.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, a decrease of approximately $7.3 million, or 2.3% lower than gross billings of $312.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the covid-19 pandemic had a material adverse impact on gross billings of the strategic brands segment for the year ended december 31, 2020. the impact of the covid-19 pandemic was more pronounced in the strategic brands segment, particularly in emea, as our largest revenue generating countries for this segment experienced extended lockdowns. net changes in foreign currency exchange rates had an unfavorable impact on gross billings for the strategic brands segment of approximately $4.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2020.
gross billings for the other segment were $27.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, an increase of approximately $5.2 million, or 23.7% higher than gross billings of $21.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2019.
promotional allowances, commissions and other expenses***. promotional allowances, commissions and other expenses, as described in the footnote below, were $772.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, an increase of $105.3 million, or 15.8% higher than promotional allowances, commissions and other expenses of $666.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. promotional allowances, commissions and other expenses as a percentage of gross billings increased to 14.5% from 13.8% for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
amounts received from certain bottlers/distributors at inception of their distribution contracts or at the inception of certain sales/marketing programs are accounted for as deferred revenue and are recognized as revenue ratably over the anticipated life of the respective distribution contract, generally 20 years, or through completion of the sales/marketing program. revenue recognized was $42.1 million and $46.3 million for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
year ended december 31, 2019 compared to the year ended december 31, 2018.
gross billings. gross billings were $4.82 billion for the year ended december 31, 2019, an increase of approximately $436.1 million, or 9.9% higher than gross billings of $4.39 billion for the year ended december 31, 2018. gross billings for the year ended december 31, 2019 were positively impacted by approximately $101.9 million as a result of the u.s. price increase and the canada price increase, on certain of our monster energy® brand energy drinks. net changes in foreign currency exchange rates had an unfavorable impact on gross billings of approximately $82.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2019.
gross billings for the monster energy® drinks segment were $4.49 billion for the year ended december 31, 2019, an increase of approximately $451.6 million, or 11.2% higher than gross billings of $4.04 billion for the year ended december 31, 2018. gross billings for the monster energy® drinks segment increased primarily due to (i) sales of our reign total body fuel® high performance energy drinks, introduced in the first quarter of 2019, (ii) the price increases described above, and (iii) increased sales by volume of our monster energy® brand energy drinks as a result of increased domestic and international consumer demand. net changes in foreign currency exchange rates had an unfavorable impact on gross billings for the monster energy® drinks segment of approximately $72.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2019.
gross billings for the strategic brands segment were $312.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, a decrease of $14.4 million, or 4.4% lower than gross billings of $327.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2018. net changes in foreign currency exchange rates had an unfavorable impact on gross billings in the strategic brands segment of approximately $9.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2019.
gross billings for the other segment were $21.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, a decrease of $1.1 million, or 4.6% lower than gross billings of $22.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2018.
promotional allowances, commissions and other expenses. promotional allowances, commissions and other expenses, as described in the footnote below, were $666.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, an increase of $44.5 million, or 7.2% higher than promotional allowances, commissions and other expenses of $622.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2018. promotional allowances, commissions and other expenses as a percentage of gross billings decreased to 13.8% from 14.2% for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
amounts received from certain bottlers/distributors at inception of their distribution contracts or at the inception of certain sales/marketing programs are accounted for as deferred revenue and are recognized as revenue ratably over the anticipated life of the respective distribution contract, generally 20 years, or through completion of the sales/marketing program. revenue recognized was $46.3 million and $44.3 million for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
**gross billings (titled gross sales in prior filings) represent amounts invoiced to customers net of cash discounts and returns. gross billings are used internally by management as an indicator of and to monitor operating performance, including sales performance of particular products, salesperson performance, product growth or declines and is useful to investors in evaluating overall company performance. the use of gross billings allows evaluation of sales performance before the effect of any promotional items, which can mask certain performance issues. we therefore believe that the presentation of gross billings provides a useful measure of our operating performance. the use of gross billings is not a measure that is recognized under gaap and should not be considered as an alternative to net sales, which is determined in accordance with gaap, and should not be used alone as an indicator of operating performance in place of net sales. additionally, gross billings may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies, as gross billings has been defined by our internal reporting practices. in addition, gross billings may not be realized in the form of cash receipts as promotional payments and allowances may be deducted from payments received from certain customers.
the following table reconciles the non-gaap financial measure of gross billings with the most directly comparable gaap financial measure of net sales:

percentage       percentage in thousands                                                                                                                                      change           change
2020                                     2019                    2018        20 vs. 19        19 vs. 18
gross billings                                                        $5,328,683              $4,821,411              $4,385,262                   10.5%             9.9%
deferred revenue                                                                 42,110                  46,287                  44,260           (9.0%)             4.6%
less: promotional allowances, commissions and other expenses***               (772,155)               (666,879)               (622,339)            15.8%             7.2%
net sales                                                             $4,598,638              $4,200,819              $3,807,183                    9.5%            10.3%
***although the expenditures described in this line item are determined in accordance with gaap and meet gaap requirements, the presentation thereof does not conform to gaap presentation requirements. additionally, our definition of promotional and other allowances may not be comparable to similar items presented by other companies. promotional and other allowances primarily include consideration given to our bottlers/distributors or retail customers including, but not limited to the following: (i) discounts granted off list prices to support price promotions to end-consumers by retailers; (ii) reimbursements given to our bottlers/distributors for agreed portions of their promotional spend with retailers, including slotting, shelf space allowances and other fees for both new and existing products; (iii) our agreed share of fees given to bottlers/distributors and/or directly to retailers for advertising, in-store marketing and promotional activities; (iv) our agreed share of slotting, shelf space allowances and other fees given directly to retailers, club stores and/or wholesalers; (v) incentives given to our bottlers/distributors and/or retailers for achieving or exceeding certain predetermined sales goals; (vi) discounted or free products; (vii) contractual fees given to our bottlers/distributors related to sales made by us direct to certain customers that fall within the bottlers'/distributors' sales territories; and (viii) certain commissions paid based on sales to our bottlers/distributors. the presentation of promotional and other allowances facilitates an evaluation of their impact on the determination of net sales and the spending levels incurred or correlated with such sales. promotional and other allowances constitute a material portion of our marketing activities. our promotional allowance programs with our numerous bottlers/distributors and/or retailers are executed through separate agreements in the ordinary course of business. these agreements generally provide for one or more of the arrangements described above and are of varying durations, ranging from one week to one year. the primary drivers of our promotional and other allowance activities for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019 were (i) to increase sales volume and trial, (ii) to address market conditions, and (iii) to secure shelf and display space at retail.
sales the table set forth below discloses selected quarterly data regarding sales for the past five years. data from any one or more quarters is not necessarily indicative of annual results or continuing trends.
sales of beverages are expressed in unit case volume. a "unit case" means a unit of measurement equal to 192 u.s. fluid ounces of finished beverage (24 eight-ounce servings). unit case volume means the number of unit cases (or unit case equivalents) of finished products or concentrates, as if converted into finished products, sold by us.
our quarterly results of operations reflect seasonal trends that are primarily the result of increased demand in the warmer months of the year. it has been our experience that beverage sales tend to be lower during the first and fourth quarters of each calendar year. in addition, our experience with our energy drink products suggests they are less seasonal than the seasonality expected from traditional beverages. quarterly fluctuations may also be affected by other factors including the introduction of new products, the opening of new markets where temperature fluctuations are more pronounced, the addition of new bottlers/distributors and customers, changes in the sales mix of our products and changes in and/or increased advertising and promotional expenses. (see "part i, item 1 - business - seasonality").

2020                                     2019                    2018                  2017                  2016
net sales (in thousands)
quarter 1                                            $1,062,097              $945,991                $850,921                $742,146              $680,186
quarter 2                                                    1,093,896               1,104,045               1,015,873               907,068               827,488
quarter 3                                                    1,246,362               1,133,577               1,016,160               909,476               787,954
quarter 4                                                    1,196,283               1,017,206                 924,229               810,355               753,765
total                                                $4,598,638              $4,200,819              $3,807,183              $3,369,045            $3,049,393
less: aff third party net sales (in thousands)
quarter 1                                            $(5,105)                $(5,321)                $(4,657)                $(5,539)              $-
quarter 2                                                      (6,644)                 (5,791)                 (6,623)               (6,174)               (6,635)
quarter 3                                                      (8,618)                 (5,860)                 (6,573)               (5,200)               (5,686)
quarter 4                                                      (6,671)                 (4,893)                 (5,067)               (4,692)               (4,690)
total                                                $(27,038)               $(21,865)               $(22,920)               $(21,605)             $(17,011)
adjusted net sales (in thousands)1
quarter 1                                            $1,056,992              $940,670                $846,264                $736,607              $680,186
quarter 2                                                    1,087,252               1,098,254               1,009,250               900,894               820,853
quarter 3                                                    1,237,744               1,127,717               1,009,587               904,276               782,268
quarter 4                                                    1,189,612               1,012,313                 919,162               805,663               749,075
total                                                $4,571,600              $4,178,954              $3,784,263              $3,347,440            $3,032,382
unit case volume / sales (in thousands)
quarter 1                                                      115,598                 101,284                  92,315                79,992                72,653
quarter 2                                                      116,960                 119,595                 110,057                97,233                87,574
quarter 3                                                      139,922                 121,854                 111,038                96,184                82,767
quarter 4                                                      132,341                 106,037                  97,476                86,548                77,966
total                                                          504,821                 448,770                 410,886               359,957               320,960
adjusted average net sales per case quarter 1                                            $9.14                   $9.29                   $9.17                   $9.21                 $9.36
quarter 2                                            9.30                    9.18                    9.17                    9.27                  9.37
quarter 3                                            8.85                    9.25                    9.09                    9.40                  9.45
quarter 4                                            8.99                    9.55                    9.43                    9.31                  9.61
total                                                $9.06                   $9.31                   $9.21                   $9.30                 $9.45
1excludes other segment net sales of $27.0 million, $21.9 million, $22.9 million, $21.6 million and $17.0 million for the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively, comprised of sales of our aff third-party products to independent third parties as these sales do not have unit case equivalents.
the following represents case sales by segment for the years ended december 31:

(in thousands, except average net sales per case)   2020                                   2019                   2018                   2017                   2016
net sales                                                     $4,598,638             $4,200,819             $3,807,183             $3,369,045             $3,049,393
less: aff third-party sales                                     (27,038)               (21,865)               (22,920)               (21,605)               (17,011)
adjusted net sales1                                           $4,571,600             $4,178,954             $3,784,263             $3,347,440             $3,032,382
case sales by segment:
monster energy® drinks                                           428,596                377,551                338,880                289,105                256,323
strategic brands                                                  76,225                 71,219                 72,006                 70,852                 64,637
other                                                                  -                      -                      -                      -                      -
total case sales                                                 504,821                448,770                410,886                359,957                320,960
average net sales per case                                         $9.06                  $9.31                  $9.21                  $9.30                  $9.45
1excludes other segment net sales of $27.0 million, $21.9 million, $22.9 million, $21.6 million and $17.0 million for the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019, 2018, 2017, and 2016, respectively, comprised of sales of our aff third-party products to independent third parties as these sales do not have unit case equivalents.
inflation we do not believe that inflation had a significant impact on our results of operations for the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019 or 2018.
liquidity and capital resources cash flows provided by operating activities. cash provided by operating activities was $1.36 billion for the year ended december 31, 2020, as compared with cash provided by operating activities of $1.11 billion for the year ended december 31, 2019.
for the year ended december 31, 2020, cash provided by operating activities was primarily attributable to net income earned of $1.41 billion and adjustments for certain non-cash expenses, consisting of $61.0 million of depreciation and amortization, $70.3 million of stock-based compensation and $8.7 million of intangible impairments. for the year ended december 31, 2020, cash provided by operating activities also increased due to a $30.3 million decrease in inventories, a $26.4 million increase in accrued liabilities, an $18.7 million increase in accounts payable, a $13.8 million increase in accrued promotional allowances, a $10.4 million increase in income taxes payable, a $7.5 million increase in accrued compensation, a $5.5 million decrease in prepaid income taxes and a $1.0 million decrease in prepaid expenses and other assets. for the year ended december 31, 2020, cash used in operating activities was primarily attributable to a $156.9 million increase in deferred income taxes, a $120.1 million increase in accounts receivable and a $21.5 million decrease in deferred revenue.
for the year ended december 31, 2019, cash provided by operating activities was primarily attributable to net income earned of $1.11 billion and adjustments for certain non-cash expenses, consisting of $64.8 million of depreciation and amortization and $63.4 million of stock-based compensation. for the year ended december 31, 2019, cash provided by operating activities also increased due to a $28.8 million increase in accounts payable, a $21.9 million increase in accrued promotional allowances, a $9.5 million decrease in prepaid income taxes, an $8.1 million increase in income taxes payable, a $7.2 million increase in accrued compensation, a $6.5 million decrease in distributor receivables and a $1.3 million decrease in deferred income taxes. for the year ended december 31, 2019, cash used in operating activities was primarily attributable to an $85.2 million increase in inventories, a $66.4 million increase in accounts receivable, a $24.9 million decrease in deferred revenue, a $14.3 million decrease in accrued liabilities and a $13.8 million increase in prepaid expenses and other assets.
cash flows used in investing activities. net cash used in investing activities was $472.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2020 as compared to cash used in investing activities of $326.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2019.
for both the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019, cash provided by investing activities was primarily attributable to sales of available-for-sale investments. for both the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019, cash used in investing activities was primarily attributable to purchases of available-for-sale investments. for both the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019, cash used in investing activities also included the acquisition of fixed assets consisting of vans and promotional vehicles, coolers and other equipment to support our marketing and promotional activities, production equipment, furniture and fixtures, office and computer equipment, real property, computer software, equipment used for sales and administrative activities, certain leasehold improvements, improvements to real property as well as the acquisition, defense and maintenance of trademarks. we expect to continue to use a portion of our cash in excess of our requirements for operations for purchasing short-term and long-term investments, leasehold improvements, the acquisition of capital equipment (specifically, vans, trucks and promotional vehicles, coolers, other promotional equipment, merchandise displays, warehousing racks as well as items of production equipment required to produce certain of our existing and/or new products and to develop our brand in international markets) and for other corporate purposes. from time to time, we may also use cash to purchase additional real property related to our beverage business and/or acquire compatible businesses.
cash flows used in financing activities. cash used in financing activities was $526.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2020 as compared to cash used in financing activities of $628.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the cash flows used in financing activities for both the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019 was primarily the result of the repurchases of our common stock. the cash flows provided by financing activities for both the years ended december 31, 2020, and 2019 was primarily attributable to the issuance of our common stock.
purchases of inventories, increases in accounts receivable and other assets, acquisition of property and equipment (including real property, personal property and coolers), leasehold improvements, advances for or the purchase of equipment for our bottlers, acquisition and maintenance of trademarks, payments of accounts payable, income taxes payable and purchases of our common stock are expected to remain our principal recurring use of cash.
cash and cash equivalents, short-term and long-term investments - as of december 31, 2020, we had $1.18 billion in cash and cash equivalents, $881.4 million in short-term investments and $44.3 million in long-term investments, including certificates of deposit, commercial paper, u.s. government agency securities, u.s. treasuries, and to a lesser extent, municipal securities. we maintain our investments for cash management purposes and not for purposes of speculation. our risk management policies emphasize credit quality (primarily based on short-term ratings by nationally recognized statistical rating organizations) in selecting and maintaining our investments. we regularly assess market risk of our investments and believe our current policies and investment practices adequately limit those risks. however, certain of these investments are subject to general credit, liquidity, market and interest rate risks. these risks associated with our investment portfolio may have an adverse effect on our future results of operations, liquidity and financial condition.
of our $1.18 billion of cash and cash equivalents held at december 31, 2020, $677.1 million was held by our foreign subsidiaries. no short-term or long-term investments were held by our foreign subsidiaries at december 31, 2020.
we believe that cash available from operations, including our cash resources and our revolving line of credit, will be sufficient for our working capital needs, including purchase commitments for raw materials and inventory, increases in accounts receivable, payments of tax liabilities, expansion and development needs, purchases of shares of our common stock, as well as purchases of capital assets, equipment and properties, through at least the next 12 months. based on our current plans, capital expenditures (exclusive of common stock repurchases) are currently estimated to be approximately $150.0 million through december 31, 2021. however, future business opportunities may cause a change in this estimate.
the following represents a summary of the company's contractual commitments and related scheduled maturities as of december 31, 2020:

payments due by period (in thousands)
less than             1‐3                3‐5                more than obligations                    total                 1 year                years              years              5 years contractual obligations1       $129,255              $97,979               $31,223            $53                $-
finance leases                 828                   803                   22                 3                         -
operating leases                      24,393                  3,785              5,518              3,502               11,588
purchase commitments2                 101,815               101,815              -                  -                   -
$256,291              $204,382              $36,763            $3,558             $11,588
1 contractual obligations include our obligations related to sponsorships and other commitments.
2 purchase commitments include obligations made by us and our subsidiaries to various suppliers for raw materials used in the production of our products. these obligations vary in terms, but are generally satisfied within one year.
in addition, approximately $0.7 million of unrecognized tax benefits have been recorded as liabilities as of december 31, 2020. it is expected that the amount of unrecognized tax benefits will not significantly change within the next 12 months. as of december 31, 2020, we had $0.1 million of accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits.
accounting policies and pronouncements critical accounting policies our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with gaap. gaap requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts in our consolidated financial statements. the following summarizes our most significant accounting and reporting policies and practices:
business combinations - business acquisitions are accounted for in accordance with financial accounting standards board ("fasb") accounting standards codification ("asc") 805 "business combinations". fasb asc 805 requires the reporting entity to identify the acquirer, determine the acquisition date, recognize and measure the identifiable tangible and intangible assets acquired, the liabilities assumed and any non-controlling interest in the acquired entity, and recognize and measure goodwill or a gain from the purchase. the acquiree's results are included in the company's consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition. assets acquired and liabilities assumed are recorded at their fair values and the excess of the purchase price over the amounts assigned is recorded as goodwill. adjustments to fair value assessments are recorded to goodwill over the measurement period (not longer than twelve months). the acquisition method also requires that acquisition-related transaction and post-acquisition restructuring costs be charged to expense and requires the company to recognize and measure certain assets and liabilities including those arising from contingencies and contingent consideration in a business combination.
cash and cash equivalents - the company considers all highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less from date of purchase to be cash equivalents. throughout the year, the company has had amounts on deposit at financial institutions that exceed the federally insured limits. the company has not experienced any loss as a result of these deposits and does not expect to incur any losses in the future.
investments - the company's investments in debt securities are classified as either held-to-maturity, available-for-sale or trading, in accordance with fasb asc 320. held-to-maturity securities are those securities that the company has the positive intent and ability to hold until maturity. trading securities are those securities that the company intends to sell in the near term. all other securities not included in the held-to-maturity or trading category are classified as available-for-sale. held-to-maturity securities are recorded at amortized cost which approximates fair market value. trading securities are carried at fair value with unrealized gains and losses charged to earnings. available-for-sale securities are carried at fair value with unrealized gains and losses recorded within accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) as a separate component of stockholders' equity. fasb asc 820 defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. fasb asc 820 also establishes a fair value hierarchy which requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs, where available. under fasb asc 326-30-35, a security is considered to be impaired if the fair value of the security is less than its amortized cost basis. where the decline in fair value below the amortized cost basis has resulted from a credit loss, the company will record an impairment relating to credit losses through an allowance for credit losses. the allowance is limited by the amount that the fair value is less than the amortized cost basis. impairment that has not been recorded through an allowance for credit losses is recorded through other comprehensive income (loss), net of applicable taxes. the company evaluates whether the decline in fair value of its investments has resulted from credit loss or other factors at each quarter-end. this evaluation consists of a review by management, and includes market pricing information and maturity dates for the securities held, market and economic trends in the industry and information on the issuer's financial condition and, if applicable, information on the guarantors' financial condition. factors considered in determining whether an impairment has resulted from credit loss or other factors include the length of time and extent to which the investment's fair value has been less than its cost basis, the financial condition and near-term prospects of the issuer and guarantors, including any specific events which may influence the operations of the issuer and our intent and ability to retain the investment for a reasonable period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery of fair value.
accounts receivable - the company evaluates the collectability of its trade accounts receivable based on a number of factors. in circumstances where the company becomes aware of a specific customer's inability to meet its financial obligations to the company, a specific reserve for bad debts is estimated and recorded, which reduces the recognized receivable to the estimated amount the company believes will ultimately be collected. in addition to specific customer identification of potential bad debts, bad debt charges are recorded based on the company's recent loss history and an overall assessment of past due trade accounts receivable outstanding. in accordance with fasb asc 210-20-45, in its consolidated balance sheets, the company has presented accounts receivable, net of promotional allowances, only for those customers that it allows net settlement. all other accounts receivable and related promotional allowances are shown on a gross basis.
inventories - inventories are valued at the lower of first-in, first-out, cost or market value (net realizable value).
property and equipment - property and equipment are stated at cost. depreciation of furniture and fixtures, office and computer equipment, computer software, equipment, and vehicles is based on their estimated useful lives (three to ten years) and is calculated using the straight-line method. amortization of leasehold improvements is based on the lesser of their estimated useful lives or the terms of the related leases and is calculated using the straight-line method. normal repairs and maintenance costs are expensed as incurred. expenditures that materially increase values or extend useful lives are capitalized. the related costs and accumulated depreciation of disposed assets are eliminated and any resulting gain or loss on disposition is included in net income.
goodwill - the company records goodwill when the consideration paid for an acquisition exceeds the fair value of net tangible and intangible assets acquired, including related tax effects. goodwill is not amortized; instead goodwill is tested for impairment on an annual basis, or more frequently if the company believes indicators of impairment exist. the company first assesses qualitative factors to determine whether it is more-likely-than-not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value. if the company reasonably determines that it is more-likely-than-not that the fair value is less than the carrying value, the company performs its annual, or interim, goodwill impairment test by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount. the company will recognize an impairment for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds a reporting unit's fair value. for the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018 there were no impairments recorded and there are no accumulated impairment balances.
other intangibles - other intangibles are comprised of trademarks that represent the company's exclusive ownership of the monster energy®,
®, monster energy ultra®, unleash the beast!®, monster rehab®, java monster®, monster hydro®, monster hydrosport super fuel®, monster super fuel®, espresso monster®, monster energy extra strength nitrous technology®, muscle monster®, punch monster®, juice monster®, reign total body fuel®, reign inferno®, m3(stylized)®, bu®, nalu®, nos®, full throttle®, burn®, mother®, ultra energy®, play® and power play® (stylized), gladiator®, relentless®, samurai®, predator® and bpm® trademarks, all used in connection with the manufacture, sale and distribution of beverages. the company also owns in its own right a number of other trademarks, flavors and formulas in the united states, as well as in a number of countries around the world. in addition, in 2016 through our acquisition of aff, we secured the intellectual property of our most important flavors for certain of our monster energy® brand energy drinks in perpetuity. in accordance with fasb asc 350, intangible assets with indefinite lives are not amortized but instead are measured for impairment at least annually, or when events indicate that an impairment exists. the company calculates impairment as the excess of the carrying value of its indefinite-lived assets over their estimated fair value. if the carrying value exceeds the estimate of fair value a write-down is recorded. the company amortizes its intangibles with finite useful lives over their respective useful lives. for the year ended december 31, 2020, an impairment charge of $8.7 million was recorded to intangibles. for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018 no impairments were recorded.
long-lived assets - management regularly reviews property and equipment and other long-lived assets, including certain definite-lived intangible assets, for possible impairment. this review occurs annually, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable. if there is indication of impairment, management then prepares an estimate of future cash flows (undiscounted and without interest charges) expected to result from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition. if these cash flows are less than the carrying amount of the asset, an impairment loss is recognized to write down the asset to its estimated fair value. the fair value is estimated using the present value of the future cash flows discounted at a rate commensurate with management's estimates of the business risks. preparation of estimated expected future cash flows is inherently subjective and is based on management's best estimate of assumptions concerning expected future conditions. for the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, there were no impairment indicators identified. long-lived assets held for sale are recorded at the lower of their carrying amount or fair value less cost to sell.
foreign currency translation and transactions - the accounts of the company's foreign subsidiaries are translated in accordance with fasb asc 830. foreign currency transaction gains and losses are recognized in other income, net, at the time they occur. net foreign currency exchange gains or losses resulting from the translation of assets and liabilities of foreign subsidiaries whose functional currency is not the u.s. dollar are recorded as a part of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) in stockholders' equity. unrealized foreign currency exchange gains and losses on certain intercompany transactions that are of a long-term investment nature (i.e., settlement is not planned or anticipated in the foreseeable future) are also recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) in stockholders' equity. during the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, we entered into forward currency exchange contracts with financial institutions to create an economic hedge to specifically manage a portion of the foreign exchange risk exposure associated with certain consolidated subsidiaries non-functional currency denominated assets and liabilities. all foreign currency exchange contracts outstanding as of december 31, 2020 have terms of three months or less. we do not enter into forward currency exchange contracts for speculation or trading purposes.
revenue recognition - the company's monster energy® drinks segment generates net operating revenues by selling ready-to-drink packaged energy drinks primarily to bottlers and full service beverage distributors. in some cases, the company sells directly to retail grocery and specialty chains, wholesalers, club stores, mass merchandisers, convenience chains, drug stores, foodservice customers, value retailers, e-commerce retailers and the military.
the company's strategic brands segment primarily generates net operating revenues by selling "concentrates" and/or "beverage bases" to authorized bottling and canning operations. such bottlers generally combine the concentrates and/or beverage bases with sweeteners, water and other ingredients to produce ready-to-drink packaged energy drinks. the ready-to-drink packaged energy drinks are then sold to other bottlers and full service distributors and to retail grocery and specialty chains, wholesalers, club stores, mass merchandisers, convenience chains, foodservice customers, drug stores and the military. to a lesser extent, our strategic brands segment generates net operating revenues by selling certain ready-to-drink packaged energy drinks to bottlers and full service beverage distributors.
the majority of the company's revenue is recognized when it satisfies a single performance obligation by transferring control of its products to a customer. control is generally transferred when the company's products are either shipped or delivered based on the terms contained within the underlying contracts or agreements. certain of the company's bottlers/distributors may also perform a separate function as a co-packer on the company's behalf. in such cases, control of the company's products passes to such bottlers/distributors when they notify the company that they have taken possession or transferred the relevant portion of the company's finished goods. the company's general payment terms are short-term in duration. the company does not have significant financing components or payment terms. the company did not have any material unsatisfied performance obligations as of december 31, 2020 and december 31, 2019.
the company excludes from revenues all taxes assessed by a governmental authority that are imposed on the sale of its products and collected from customers.
distribution expenses to transport the company's products, where applicable, and warehousing expense after manufacture are accounted for within operating expenses.
promotional and other allowances (variable consideration) recorded as a reduction to net sales, primarily include consideration given to the company's bottlers/distributors or retail customers including, but not limited to the following:
●   discounts granted off list prices to support price promotions to end-consumers by retailers;

●   reimbursements given to the company's bottlers/distributors for agreed portions of their promotional spend with retailers, including slotting, shelf space allowances and other fees for both new and existing products;

●   the company's agreed share of fees given to bottlers/distributors and/or directly to retailers for advertising, in-store marketing and promotional activities;

●   the company's agreed share of slotting, shelf space allowances and other fees given directly to retailers;

●   incentives given to the company's bottlers/distributors and/or retailers for achieving or exceeding certain predetermined sales goals;

●   discounted or free products;

●   contractual fees given to the company's bottlers/distributors related to sales made directly by the company to certain customers that fall within the bottlers'/distributors' sales territories; and

●   commissions paid to tccc based on our sales to certain wholly-owned subsidiaries of tccc and/or to certain companies accounted for under the equity method by tccc.

the company's promotional allowance programs with its bottlers/distributors and/or retailers are executed through separate agreements in the ordinary course of business. these agreements generally provide for one or more of the arrangements described above and are of varying durations, ranging from one week to one year. the company's promotional and other allowances are calculated based on various programs with bottlers/distributors and retail customers, and accruals are established during the year for its anticipated liabilities. these accruals are based on agreed upon terms as well as the company's historical experience with similar programs and require management's judgment with respect to estimating consumer participation and/or distributor and retail customer performance levels. differences between such estimated expenses and actual expenses for promotional and other allowance costs have historically been insignificant and are recognized in earnings in the period such differences are determined.
amounts received pursuant to new and/or amended distribution agreements entered into with certain distributors, relating to the costs associated with terminating the company's prior distributors, are accounted for as revenue ratably over the anticipated life of the respective distribution agreements, generally 20 years.
the company also enters into license agreements that generate revenues associated with third-party sales of non-beverage products bearing our trademarks including, but not limited to, clothing, hats, t-shirts, jackets, helmets and automotive wheels.
management believes that adequate provision has been made for cash discounts, returns and spoilage based on the company's historical experience.
cost of sales - cost of sales consists of the costs of flavors, concentrates, supplement ingredients and/or beverage bases, the costs of raw materials utilized in the manufacture of beverages, co-packing fees, repacking fees, in-bound freight charges, as well as internal transfer costs, warehouse expenses incurred prior to the manufacture of the company's finished products and certain quality control costs. in addition, the company includes in costs of sales certain costs such as depreciation, amortization and payroll costs that relate to the direct manufacture by the company of certain flavors and concentrates. raw materials account for the largest portion of cost of sales. raw materials include cans, bottles, other containers, flavors, ingredients and packaging materials.
operating expenses - operating expenses include selling expenses such as distribution expenses to transport products to customers and warehousing expenses after manufacture, as well as expenses for advertising, sampling and in-store demonstration costs, costs for merchandise displays, point-of-sale materials and premium items, sponsorship expenses, other marketing expenses and design expenses. operating expenses also include such costs as payroll costs, travel costs, professional service fees (including legal fees), termination payments made to certain of the company's prior distributors, depreciation and other general and administrative costs.
income taxes - the company utilizes the liability method of accounting for income taxes as set forth in fasb asc 740. under the liability method, deferred taxes are determined based on the temporary differences between the financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities using tax rates expected to be in effect during the years in which the basis differences reverse. a valuation allowance is recorded when it is more likely than not that some of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. in determining the need for valuation allowances the company considers projected future taxable income and the availability of tax planning strategies. if in the future the company determines that it would not be able to realize its recorded deferred tax assets, an increase in the valuation allowance would be recorded, decreasing earnings in the period in which such determination is made.
the company assesses its income tax positions and records tax benefits for all years subject to examination based upon the company's evaluation of the facts, circumstances and information available at the reporting date. for those tax positions where there is a greater than 50% likelihood that a tax benefit will be sustained, the company has recorded the largest amount of tax benefit that may potentially be realized upon ultimate settlement with a taxing authority that has full knowledge of all relevant information. for those income tax positions where there is less than 50% likelihood that a tax benefit will be sustained, no tax benefit has been recognized in the financial statements.
recent accounting pronouncements see "part ii, item 8 - financial statements and supplementary data - note 1 - organization and summary of significant accounting policies - recent accounting pronouncements" for a full description of recent accounting pronouncements including the respective expected dates of adoption and expected effects on the company's consolidated financial position, results of operations or liquidity.
forward-looking statements the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 (the "act") provides a safe harbor for forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of the company. certain statements made in this report may constitute forward-looking statements (within the meaning of section 27a of the securities act of 1933, as amended, and section 21e of the exchange act, as amended) regarding our expectations with respect to revenues, profitability, adequacy of funds from operations and our existing credit facility, among other things. all statements containing a projection of revenues, income (loss), earnings (loss) per share, capital expenditures, dividends, capital structure or other financial items, a statement of management's plans and objectives for future operations, or a statement of future economic performance contained in management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, including statements related to new products, volume growth and statements encompassing general optimism about future operating results and non-historical information, are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the act. without limiting the foregoing, the words "believes," "thinks," "anticipates," "plans," "expects," "estimates," and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements.
management cautions that these statements are qualified by their terms and/or important factors, many of which are outside our control and involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors, that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from the statements made including, but not limited to, the following:
●   the human and economic consequences of the covid-19 pandemic, as well as the measures taken or that may be taken in the future by governments, and consequently, businesses (including the company and its suppliers, bottlers/ distributors, co-packers and other service providers) and the public at large to limit the covid-19 pandemic;

●   the impact on consumer demand of the resurgence of the covid-19 pandemic, resulting in a number of countries, particularly in emea, reinstituting lockdowns and other restrictions as well as the impact of possible resurgences in other countries;

●   fluctuations in growth and/or growth rates and/or decline in sales of the domestic and international energy drink categories generally, including in the convenience and gas channel (which is our largest channel) and the impact on demand for our products resulting from deteriorating economic conditions and/or financial uncertainties due to the covid-19 pandemic;

●   the impact of temporary plant closures, production slowdowns and disruptions in operations experienced by our suppliers, bottlers/distributors and/or co-packers as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, including any material disruptions on the production and distribution of our products;

●   the impact of the reduction in our sponsorship and endorsement activities as well as our sampling activities as a result of covid-19 on our future sales and market share;

●   we have extensive commercial arrangements with tccc and, as a result, our future performance is substantially dependent on the success of our relationship with tccc;

●   the impact of tccc's bottlers/distributors distributing coca-cola brand energy drinks and possible reductions in the number of our skus carried by such bottlers/distributors and/or such bottlers/distributors imposing limitations on distributing new product skus;

●   closures of, and continued restrictions on, on-premise retailers and other establishments which sell our products as the result of the covid-19 pandemic;

●   the limitation or reduction by our suppliers, bottlers/distributors and/or co-packers of their activities and/or operations during the covid-19 pandemic;

●   the impact of the covid-19 pandemic on our product sampling programs;

●   the effect of tccc being one of our significant stockholders and the potential divergence of tccc's interests from those of our other stockholders;

●   our ability to maintain relationships with tccc system bottlers/distributors and manage their ongoing commitment to focus on our products;

●   disruption in distribution channels and/or decline in sales due to the termination and/or insolvency of existing and/or new domestic and/or international bottlers/distributors;

●   lack of anticipated demand for our products in domestic and/or international markets;

●   fluctuations in the inventory levels of our bottlers/distributors, planned or otherwise, and the resultant impact on our revenues;

●   unfavorable regulations, including taxation requirements, age restrictions imposed on the sale, purchase, or consumption of our products, marketing restrictions, product registration requirements, tariffs, trade restrictions, container size limitations and/or ingredient restrictions;

●   the effect of inquiries from, and/or actions by, state attorneys general, the federal trade commission (the "ftc"), the food and drug administration (the "fda"), municipalities, city attorneys, other government agencies, quasi-government agencies, government officials (including members of u.s. congress) and/or analogous central and local agencies and other authorities in the foreign countries in which our products are manufactured and/or distributed, into the advertising, marketing, promotion, ingredients, sale and/or consumption of our energy drink products, including voluntary and/or required changes to our business practices;

●   our ability to comply with laws, regulations and evolving industry standards regarding consumer privacy and data use and security, including with respect to the general data protection regulation and the california consumer privacy act of 2018;

●   our ability to achieve profitability and/or repatriate cash from certain of our operations outside the united states;

●   our ability to manage legal and regulatory requirements in foreign jurisdictions, potential difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations and potentially higher incidence of fraud or corruption and credit risk of foreign customers and/or bottlers/distributors;

●   changes in u.s. tax laws as a result of any legislation proposed by the new u.s. presidential administration or u.s. congress, which may include efforts to change or repeal the 2017 tax cuts and jobs act and the federal corporate income tax rate reduction;

●   our ability to produce our products in international markets in which they are sold, thereby reducing freight costs and/or product damages;

●   our ability to absorb, reduce or pass on to our bottlers/distributors increases in freight costs;

●   our ability to effectively manage our inventories and/or our accounts receivables;

●   our foreign currency exchange rate risk with respect to our sales, expenses, profits, assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the u.s. dollar, which will continue to increase as foreign sales increase;

●   uncertainties surrounding the long-term impact of the united kingdom's departure from the european union (or "brexit");

●   changes in accounting standards may affect our reported profitability;

●   implications of the organization for economic cooperation and development's base erosion and profit shifting project;

●   any proceedings which may be brought against us by the securities and exchange commission (the "sec"), the fda, the ftc or other governmental agencies or bodies;

●   the outcome and/or possibility of future shareholder derivative actions or shareholder securities litigation that may be filed against us and/or against certain of our officers and directors, and the possibility of other private shareholder litigation;

●   the outcome of product liability or consumer fraud litigation and/or class action litigation (or its analog in foreign jurisdictions) regarding the safety of our products and/or the ingredients in and/or claims made in connection with our products and/or alleging false advertising, marketing and/or promotion, and the possibility of future product liability and/or class action lawsuits;

●   exposure to significant liabilities due to litigation, legal or regulatory proceedings;

●   intellectual property injunctions;

●   unfavorable resolution of tax matters;

●   uncertainty and volatility in the domestic and global economies, including risk of counterparty default or failure;

●   our ability to address any significant deficiencies or material weakness in our internal controls over financial reporting;

●   our ability to continue to generate sufficient cash flows to support our expansion plans and general operating activities;

●   decreased demand for our products resulting from changes in consumer preferences, including changes in demand for different packages, sizes and configurations, obesity and other perceived health concerns, including concerns relating to certain ingredients in our products or packaging, product safety concerns and/or from decreased consumer discretionary spending power;

●   adverse publicity surrounding obesity and health concerns related to our products, product safety and quality, water usage, environmental impact and sustainability, human rights, our culture, workforce and labor and workplace laws;

●   changes in demand that are weather related and/or for other reasons, including changes in product category and/or package consumption and changes in cost and availability of certain key ingredients including aluminum cans, as well as disruptions to the supply chain, as a result of climate change and extreme weather conditions;

●   the impact of unstable political conditions, civil unrest, large scale terrorist acts, the outbreak or escalation of armed hostilities, major natural disasters and extreme weather conditions, or widespread outbreaks of infectious diseases (such as the covid-19 pandemic);

●   the impact on our business of competitive products and pricing pressures and our ability to gain or maintain our share of sales in the marketplace as a result of actions by competitors, including unsubstantiated and/or misleading claims, false advertising claims and tortious interference, as well as competitors selling misbranded products;

●   the impact on our business of trademark and trade dress infringement proceedings brought against us relating to our brands, including our reign total body fuel® high performance energy drinks, which could result in an injunction barring us from selling certain of our products and/or require changes to be made to our current trade dress;

●   our ability to introduce new products and the impact of the covid-19 pandemic on our innovation activities;

●   our ability to implement and/or maintain price increases;

●   an inability to achieve volume growth through product and packaging initiatives;

●   our ability to sustain the current level of sales and/or achieve growth for our monster energy® brand energy drinks and/or our other products, including our strategic brands;

●   the impact of criticism of our energy drink products and/or the energy drink market generally and/or legislation enacted (whether as a result of such criticism or otherwise) that restricts the marketing or sale of energy drinks (including prohibiting the sale of energy drinks at certain establishments or pursuant to certain governmental programs), limits

caffeine content in beverages, requires certain product labeling disclosures and/or warnings, imposes excise and/or sales taxes, limits product sizes and/or imposes age restrictions for the sale of energy drinks;

●   our ability to comply with and/or resulting lower consumer demand and/or lower profit margins for energy drinks due to proposed and/or future u.s. federal, state and local laws and regulations and/or proposed or existing laws and regulations in certain foreign jurisdictions and/or any changes therein, including changes in taxation requirements (including tax rate changes, new tax laws, new and/or increased excise, sales and/or other taxes on our products and revised tax law interpretations) and environmental laws, as well as the federal food, drug, and cosmetic act and regulations or rules made thereunder or in connection therewith by the fda, as well as changes in any other food, drug or similar laws in the united states and internationally, especially those changes that may restrict the sale of energy drinks (including prohibiting the sale of energy drinks at certain establishments or pursuant to certain governmental programs), limit caffeine content in beverages, require certain product labeling disclosures and/or warnings, impose excise taxes, impose sugar taxes, limit product sizes, or impose age restrictions for the sale of energy drinks, as well as laws and regulations or rules made or enforced by the bureau of alcohol, tobacco, firearms and explosives and/or the ftc or their foreign counterparts;

●   disruptions in the timely import or export of our products and/or ingredients due to port strikes and related labor issues;

●   our ability to satisfy all criteria set forth in any model energy drink guidelines, including, without limitation, those adopted by the american beverage association, of which we are a member, and/or any international beverage associations and the impact of our failure to satisfy such guidelines may have on our business;

●   the effect of unfavorable or adverse public relations, press, articles, comments and/or media attention;

●   changes in the cost, quality and availability of containers, packaging materials, aluminum cans, the midwest and other premiums, raw materials and other ingredients and juice concentrates, and our ability to obtain and/or maintain favorable supply arrangements and relationships and procure timely and/or sufficient production of all or any of our products to meet customer demand;

●   any shortages that may be experienced in the procurement of containers and/or other raw materials including, without limitation, aluminum cans generally, pet containers used for our monster hydro® energy drinks, 24-ounce aluminum cap cans and 550ml bre aluminum cans with resealable ends;

●   the impact on our cost of sales of corporate activity among the limited number of suppliers from whom we purchase certain raw materials;

●   our ability to pass on to our customers all or a portion of any increases in the costs of raw materials, ingredients, commodities and/or other cost inputs affecting our business;

●   our ability to achieve both internal domestic and international forecasts, which may be based on projected volumes and sales of many product types and/or new products, certain of which are more profitable than others; there can be no assurance that we will achieve projected levels of sales as well as forecasted product and/or geographic mixes;

●   our ability to penetrate new domestic and/or international markets and/or gain approval or mitigate the delay in securing approval for the sale of our products in various countries;

●   the effectiveness of sales and/or marketing efforts by us and/or by the bottlers/distributors of our products, most of whom distribute products that may be regarded as competitive with our products;

●   unilateral decisions by bottlers/distributors, buying groups, convenience chains, grocery chains, mass merchandisers, specialty chain stores, e-commerce retailers, e-commerce websites, club stores and other customers to discontinue carrying all or any of our products that they are carrying at any time, restrict the range of our products they carry, impose restrictions or limitations on the sale of our products and/or devote less resources to the sale of our products;

●   the impact of possible trading disputes between our bottler/distributors and their customers and/or one or more buying groups which may result in the delisting of certain of the company products, temporarily or otherwise;

●   the effects of retailer consolidation on our business and our ability to successfully adapt to the rapidly changing retail landscape;

●   our ability to adapt to the changing retail landscape with the rapid growth in e-commerce retailers;

●   the effects of bottler/distributor consolidation on our business;

●   the costs and/or effectiveness, now or in the future, of our advertising, marketing and promotional strategies;

●   the success of our sports marketing, social media and other general marketing endeavors both domestically and internationally;

●   our ability to successfully adapt to the changing landscape of advertising, marketing, promotional, sponsorship and endorsement opportunities created by the covid-19 pandemic;

●   unforeseen economic and political changes and local or international catastrophic events;

●   possible recalls of our products and/or the consequence and costs of defective production;

●   our ability to make suitable arrangements and/or procure sufficient capacity for the co-packing of any of our products both domestically and internationally, the timely replacement of discontinued co-packing arrangements and/or limitations on co-packing availability, including for retort production;

●   our ability to make suitable arrangements for the timely procurement of non-defective raw materials;

●   our inability to protect and/or the loss of our intellectual property rights and/or our inability to use our trademarks, trade names or designs and/or trade dress in certain countries;

●   volatility of stock prices which may restrict stock sales, stock purchases or other opportunities as well as negatively impact the motivation of equity award grantees;

●   provisions in our organizational documents and/or control by insiders which may prevent changes in control even if such changes would be beneficial to other stockholders;

●   the failure of our bottlers and/or co-packers to manufacture our products on a timely basis or at all;

●   the impact of any reductions in productivity and disruptions to our business routines while most office-based employees of the company are working remotely;

●   other effects of the covid-19 pandemic on our employees, such as mental health challenges that employees may face;

●   any disruption in and/or lack of effectiveness of our information technology systems, including a breach of cyber security, that disrupts our business or negatively impacts customer relationships, as well as cybersecurity incidents involving data shared with third parties; and

●   recruitment and retention of senior management, other key employees and our employee base in general.

the foregoing list of important factors and other risks detailed from time to time in our reports filed with the securities and exchange commission is not exhaustive. see "part i, item 1a - risk factors," for a more complete discussion of these risks and uncertainties and for other risks and uncertainties. those factors and the other risk factors described therein are not necessarily all of the important factors that could cause actual results or developments to differ materially from those expressed in any of our forward-looking statements. other unknown or unpredictable factors also could harm our results. consequently, our actual results could be materially different from the results described or anticipated by our forward-looking statements due to the inherent uncertainty of estimates, forecasts and projections, and may be better or worse than anticipated. given these uncertainties, you should not rely on forward-looking statements. forward-looking statements represent our estimates and assumptions only as of the date that they were made. we expressly disclaim any duty to provide updates to forward-looking statements, and the estimates and assumptions associated with them, after the date of this report, in order to reflect changes in circumstances or expectations or the occurrence of unanticipated events except to the extent required by applicable securities laws.
