item 1a.   risk factors

you should carefully consider the following risks and all of the other information set forth in this annual report on form 10-k. if any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. you should read the section titled "forward-looking statements" on page 1 for a description of the types of statements that are considered forward-looking statements, as well as the significance of such statements in the context of this annual report on form 10-k. this information should be read in conjunction with "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and result of operations" and the consolidated financial statements and related notes. these factors could cause our future results to differ materially from our historical results and from expectations reflected in forward-looking statements.
summary of risk factors our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, discussed in more detail in the following section. these risks include, among others, the following key risks:
•   our dependence on third parties to supply data, applications and services for our products and services and on certain vendors to distribute our products;

•   undetected errors, defects, malfunctions or similar problems in our products leading to increased costs or liability;

•   the impact of the covid-19 pandemic or other widespread health crises;

•   our exposure to potential reputational and credibility concerns;

•   the possibility that our clients seek to negotiate lower asset-based fees or cease using our indexes as the basis for indexed investment products;

•   cancellations or reductions by any of our largest clients and/or reduced demand for our products or services;

•   the impact of failures, disruptions, instability or vulnerabilities in our information technology systems or applications;

•   our inability to ensure and protect the confidentiality of data;

•   our exposure to cyber-attacks or failures of our cyber-security plans, systems or procedures;

•   unanticipated failures, interruptions or delays in the performance or delivery of our products as a result of the adoption of new technologies;

•   security vulnerabilities in our internal network, systems or applications resulting from our use of open source code;

•   the impact of changes in the global capital markets;

•   the effects on us from competition and financial and budgetary pressures affecting our clients;

•   the impact of our global operations and any future expansion on management and our exposure to additional issues from our increased global footprint;

•   new regulations or changes to current regulations;

•   our inability to protect our intellectual property rights;

•   the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuation;

•   the impact of our indebtedness on our financial flexibility;

•   the impact of changes in our credit ratings; and

•   our exposure to tax liabilities in various jurisdictions.

14
operational risks we are dependent on third parties to supply data, applications and services for our products and services and are dependent on certain vendors to distribute our products. a refusal or failure by a key vendor to distribute our products or any loss of key outside suppliers of data, applications or services or a reduction in the accuracy or quality of such data, applications or services or any failure by us to comply with our suppliers' or distributors' licensing requirements could impair our ability to provide our clients with our products and services, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
we rely on third-party suppliers of data, applications and services, including data from stock exchanges ("vendor products"), and depend on the accuracy and quality of vendor products and the ability and willingness of such suppliers to deliver, support, enhance and develop new vendor products on a timely and cost-effective basis, and respond to emerging industry needs and other changes in order to produce, deliver and develop our products and services. additionally, we depend on clients to supply certain data in order to provide our services to them. any failure to supply, errors or reduction in the amount, accuracy or quality of such data supplied from clients impairs our ability to provide them with our products and services.
if vendor products include errors, design defects, are delayed, become incompatible with future versions of our products, are unavailable on acceptable terms or are not available at all, we may not be able to deliver our products and services. some of our agreements with third-party suppliers allow them to cancel on short notice and from time to time we receive notices from third-party suppliers threatening to terminate the provision of their products or services to us, and some data suppliers have terminated the provision of their data to us. termination of the provision of vendor products by one or more of our significant suppliers or exclusion from, or restricted use of, or litigation in connection with vendor products could decrease the data and materials available for us to use and deliver to our clients. in addition, some of our competitors could enter into exclusive contracts with our data suppliers, including with certain stock exchanges. if our competitors enter into such exclusive contracts, we may be precluded from receiving certain data or other materials from these suppliers or restricted in our use of such data or other materials, which would give our competitors a competitive advantage. such exclusive contracts could hinder our ability to create our products and services or to provide our clients with the data or other products or services they prefer, which could lead to a decrease in our client base.
despite our efforts to comply with the licensing requirements of vendor products, our use of certain vendor products has been challenged in the past and there can be no assurance that third parties may not challenge our use in the future, resulting in increased acquisition or licensing costs, loss of rights and/or costly legal actions. our business could be materially adversely affected if we are unable to timely or effectively replace the data or functionality provided by vendor products that become unavailable or fail to operate effectively for any reason. our operating costs could increase if additional license fees are imposed or current license fees increase or the efforts to incorporate enhancements to vendor products are substantial and we are unable to negotiate acceptable licensing arrangements with these suppliers or find alternative sources of equivalent products or services. if any of these risks materialize, they could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
we also rely on certain third-party vendors to distribute our data to clients. while some of our vendors generate revenue in connection with distributing our data, others do not derive a direct financial benefit.  should any of our key vendors refuse to distribute our data for any reason or require that we pay them new or additional fees in connection with the distribution of our data, we would need to find alternative ways to distribute our data or lose revenue or profitability for certain products, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
if our products contain undetected errors or fail to perform properly due to defects, malfunctions or similar problems, we may, among other things, become subject to increased costs or liability based on the use of our products or services to support our clients' investment processes, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
our products and services support the investment processes of our clients, which relate to, in the aggregate, trillions of dollars in assets. products or services we develop or license may contain undetected errors or defects despite testing. use of our products or services as part of the investment process creates the risk that our clients, the parties whose assets are managed by our clients, investors in investment products linked to our indexes, the companies that we rate or assess in our esg solutions or the shareholders of those companies, may pursue claims against us based on even a small error in our data, calculations, methodologies or analysis or a malfunction or failure in our systems, products or services.
15
errors or defects can exist at any point in a product's lifecycle, but are frequently found after introduction of new products or services or enhancements to existing products. we continually introduce new methodologies and products, and new versions of and updates to our existing products or services. despite internal testing and in some cases testing or use by clients, our products or services may contain errors in our data, calculations, methodologies or analysis, including serious defects or malfunctions. if we detect any errors before we release or deliver a product or service or publish a methodology or analysis, we might have to suspend or delay the product or service release or delivery for an extended period of time while we address the problem. we may not discover errors that affect our products or services or enhancements until after they are deployed, and we may need to provide enhancements or corrections to address such errors, and in certain cases it may be impracticable to do so. if undetected errors exist in our products or services, or if our products or services fail to perform properly due to defects, malfunctions or similar problems, it could result in harm to our brand or reputation, significantly increased costs, lost sales, delays in commercial release, third-party claims, contractual disputes, negative publicity, delays in or loss of market acceptance of our products or services, license terminations or renegotiations and/or unexpected expenses and diversion of resources to remedy or mitigate such errors, defects or malfunctions. the realization of any of these events could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.
while we have provisions in our client contracts that are designed to limit our liability from claims brought by our clients or third parties relating to our products or services, these provisions could be invalidated or fail to adequately limit our liability, which could result in the provision of credits, adverse monetary judgments and other penalties and damages. any such claims brought against us, even if the outcome were to be ultimately favorable to us, would require attention of our management, personnel, financial and other resources and could have a negative impact on our reputation or pose a significant disruption to our normal business operations. in addition, the duration or outcome of such claims and lawsuits is difficult to predict, which could further exacerbate the adverse effect they may have on our business operations.
the covid-19 pandemic, or other widespread health crises, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
the covid-19 pandemic has caused significant economic disruption, including volatility in the global equity markets. our operations have been affected by a range of external factors related to the covid-19 pandemic that are not within our control, including the imposition in many jurisdictions of a wide range of restrictions on the physical movement of our employees and vendors to limit the spread of covid-19. while we were not materially impacted in 2020, due to ongoing uncertainty related to the duration, magnitude and impact of the covid-19 pandemic, and the volatile regional and global economic conditions stemming from the pandemic, its potential effects on our business are uncertain and difficult to predict, but may include:
•   significant failures, errors, delays, disruptions or instability affecting our key products or services, vendors, suppliers, distributors, information technology platforms, data centers, production and delivery systems, applications or processes, including those that negatively affect our ability to calculate, process or distribute our products or service our clients effectively;

•   adverse equity market conditions, volatility in the financial markets and unforeseen investment trends resulting in a reduction in our asset-based fees, increased cancellations and reduced demand for our products and services;

•   prolonged selling cycles and increased pressures to reduce our fees on account of heightened financial and budgetary pressures affecting our clients (for example, in response to the covid-19 pandemic, we selectively gave clients access to services licensed under a subscription agreement prior to the beginning of the fee period at no cost to help drive business in key areas);

•   an inability to sustain revenue growth through obtaining new clients and achieving and maintaining a high level of renewal rates with respect to our existing clients (for example, subscription cancellations increased by 26.6% for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to being down 1.7% for the year ended december 31, 2019, due, in part, to the challenging operating environment);

•   delays in our ability to collect on our accounts receivables;

•   increasing tax costs as the jurisdictions in which we do business globally may seek to generate additional revenues to offset revenue shortfalls created by the challenging operating environment and stimulus packages;

•   a deterioration of worldwide credit and financial markets that could limit our ability to obtain necessary external financing to fund our operations and capital expenditures; and

16
•   increased strain on our workforce, management and other resources, including employee absenteeism and illness of key personnel.

these effects, alone or taken together, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. if the covid-19 pandemic is sustained or prolonged, these effects could be exacerbated. additionally, many of the other risk factors described in this item may be exacerbated or the likelihood of such risks materializing may be increased by global widespread health crises such as the covid-19 pandemic and the volatile regional and global economic conditions stemming from the pandemic.
we continue to work with our stakeholders (including customers, employees, suppliers, business partners, and local communities) to attempt to mitigate any negative effects of this global pandemic on our business. these mitigation efforts have included implementing our business-specific continuity plans and processes, transitioning to a largely global work-at-home model, proactively reducing costs intended to allow us to protect against further downside revenue risk, and investing in additional initiatives to support our long-term growth, while also focusing on maintaining liquidity and capital structure flexibility. we cannot assure you that we will be successful in any of these mitigation efforts.
we closely monitor the impact of the covid-19 pandemic and continually assess its potential effects on our business. given the dynamic nature of these circumstances, we cannot reasonably estimate the full impact of the covid-19 pandemic at this time. the extent to which our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows are affected by covid-19 will depend in part on future developments which cannot be accurately predicted and are uncertain, as there are no comparable recent events that provide guidance as to the potential effect of the spread of a global pandemic. this situation is changing rapidly, and additional effects may arise that we are not presently aware of or that we currently do not consider significant risks to our operations. if we are not able to respond to and manage the impact of such events effectively, our business and financial condition may be negatively impacted.
msci is exposed to potential reputational and credibility concerns.
to the extent that any of msci's operating segments or product lines or msci as a whole suffers a reputational or other loss in credibility, it could have a material adverse impact on msci's business. real or perceived factors that may have already affected credibility, or which could potentially have an impact in this regard, include: the appearance of a conflict of interest; the editorial independence of our index composition and esg rating processes and decisions; the influence of third parties, including governments and large investors or asset owners, on our editorial decisions; the performance of companies relative to their esg ratings, index inclusion, risk characteristics or other msci content or analytics; the timing and nature of changes to our indexes or esg ratings; disagreement with our methodologies or models, including for calculating indexes, value-at-risk and other risk measures, esg ratings and related data, information and analysis; the accuracy and completeness of our data;  views expressed by the media, politicians, other government officials or representatives, regulators or other third parties regarding our company or our industry or our role in the investment processes; our own sustainability and corporate responsibility policies or practices, including as a result of (i) failure to meet publicly disclosed esg and climate-related targets or goals, or (ii) misalignment with evolving market standards or the methodologies and standards used in our products and esg ratings; criticism of our own sustainability and corporate responsibility policies or practices by the companies we evaluate for esg ratings or index inclusion; and the impact of political tensions relating to countries, industries, companies or issues relevant to our products and services, such as the inclusion of certain chinese companies in our indexes or the focus on sustainable investing and climate considerations in our offerings. errors and other actions by msci competitors could also damage the reputation of the industries that we operate in and, therefore, harm the reputation of the company or certain of our products.
damage to our reputation, brand or credibility could have a material adverse impact on msci's business, operating results and financial condition.
17
client risks our clients that pay us a fee based on the assets under management or total expense ratio of an indexed investment product may seek to negotiate a lower asset-based fee percentage or lower the total expense ratio of such products or may cease using our indexes, which could limit the growth of or decrease our revenues from asset-based fees.
a portion of our revenues are from asset-based fees and these revenue streams are concentrated in some of our largest clients, including blackrock, and in our largest market, the u.s. our clients, including our largest clients, may seek for a variety of reasons to negotiate to pay us lower asset-based fee percentages, which are sometimes calculated as a percentage of the relevant product's total expense ratio ("ter"). additionally, competition is intense among our clients that offer or manage indexed investment products, including etfs, and low fees are one of the competitive differentiators. where an investment product's ter determines our fees, a reduction in the ter may negatively impact our revenues. additionally, our clients, including our largest clients, may seek to lower or eliminate floors on asset-based fees (i.e., minimum asset-based fee percentages) or impose or lower ceilings on asset-based fees (i.e., maximum asset-based fee percentages). such changes affecting our fees and fee structures could individually, or in the aggregate, negatively impact our revenues.
moreover, clients that have licensed our indexes to serve as the basis of indexed investment products are generally not required to continue to use our indexes and could elect to cease offering the product or switch to a lower fee index. for example, at least one large client ceased using msci indexes as the basis for a significant number of its index funds. clients that license our indexes to serve as the basis for listed futures and options contracts might also discontinue such contracts. additionally, we have a differentiated licensing strategy for our indexes and from time to time experience faster growth from lower fee products, resulting in a lower average asset-based fee percentage from indexed investment products. while we aim to maximize the price and volume trade-off over the long-term, there can be no assurance that we will be able to do so. results for any given quarter could be materially adversely affected by stronger growth in assets in indexed investment products with lower than average fees not sufficiently offset by growth in assets in indexed investment products with higher than average fees. our asset-based fees could dramatically decrease, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. finally, to the extent that multiple investment products are based on the same index, (i) assets under management in one product could shift to products that pay msci lower fee levels, (ii) the products could compete for the same assets such that none of the products becomes large enough to be successful or sustained, or (iii) the failure or discontinuance of one product (e.g., derivatives used for hedging) could have a detrimental effect on the use of the other products (e.g., etfs).
cancellations or reductions by any of our largest clients could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
a material portion of our revenues is concentrated in some of our largest customers. for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2020, our largest client organization by revenue, blackrock, accounted for 11.0% of our total revenues. for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2019, blackrock, accounted for 11.5% of our total revenues. our revenue growth depends on our ability to obtain new clients, sell additional services to existing clients and achieve and sustain a high level of renewal rates with respect to our existing licenses. failure to achieve one or more of these objectives could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. if one or more of our largest clients cancels or reduces its licenses and we are unsuccessful in replacing those licenses, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected.
our clients may become more self-sufficient, which may reduce demand for our products or services and materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.
our clients may internally develop certain functionality contained in the products or services they currently license from us. for example, a number of our clients have obtained regulatory clearance to create indexes for use as the basis of etfs that they manage. similarly, some of our clients who currently license our risk or esg and climate data to analyze their portfolio risk may develop their own tools to collect data and assess risk or embed esg and climate considerations into their investment processes, making our products or services unnecessary for them. a growing number of asset managers and investment banks, in partnership with index providers that offer calculation agent services, or acting together with an industry group or association, have created or may create their own range of proprietary indexes, which they use to manage funds or as the basis of etfs, structured products or over-the-counter derivatives. to the extent that our clients become more self-sufficient, demand for our products or services may be reduced, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
18
technology risks any failures, disruptions, instability or vulnerabilities in our information technology architecture, platforms, vendors and service providers, production and delivery systems, software, code, internal network, the internet or other systems or applications may disrupt our operations, cause our products to be unavailable or fail and impose delays or additional costs in deploying our products, or impose conditions or restrictions on our ability to commercialize our products or keep them confidential and result in reputational and other harm and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
we depend heavily on the capacity, reliability and security of our information technology systems and platforms and their components, including our data centers, cloud providers and other vendors and service providers, production and delivery systems as well the internet, to create and deliver our products and service our clients. our employees also depend on these systems, platforms and providers for internal use. heavy use of our electronic delivery systems and other factors such as loss of service from third parties, operational failures, human error, terrorist or other attacks affecting systems or sites where we are located, climate or weather related events (e.g., natural disasters), power loss, telecommunications failures, technical breakdowns, internet failures or computer viruses could impair our systems' operations or interrupt their availability for extended periods of time. our ability to effectively use the internet, including our remote work force's ability to access the internet, may also be impaired due to infrastructure failures, service outages at third-party internet providers or increased government regulation.
disruptions, failures or slowdowns that could occur with respect to our operations, including to our information technology systems and platforms, our electronic delivery systems or the internet, could damage our brand and reputation, result in litigation and negatively affect our ability to distribute our products effectively and to service our clients, including delivering managed services or delivering real-time index data. there is no assurance that we will be able to successfully defend against such disruptions or that our disaster recovery or business continuity plans will be effective in mitigating the risks and associated costs, which could be exacerbated by our shift to an increasingly remote working environment, and which could have a material impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
any failure to ensure and protect the confidentiality of data could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
many of our products provide for the exchange of sensitive information with our clients through a variety of media and channels, such as the internet, applications and dedicated transmission lines. we rely on a complex system of internal processes and software controls along with policies, procedures and training to protect data that we receive in the ordinary course of business, including sensitive and confidential client data such as material non-public information and client portfolio data that may be provided to us or hosted on our systems, against unauthorized data access or disclosure. in addition, we believe that when we change the composition of our indexes, in some cases the changes can have an indirect effect on the prices of constituent securities and on certain indexed investment products as a result of trading activity related to replicating our indexes. as the usage and types of uses of our esg ratings increase, the ratings and changes to the ratings in some cases could also potentially have an impact on the companies that we rate and the price of their securities.
if our internal processes, confidentiality policies, conflict of interest policies or information barrier procedures fail or are insufficient, including as a result of human error or manual processes, or if an employee purposely circumvents or violates our internal controls, policies or procedures, then unauthorized access to, or disclosure or misappropriation of, data, including material non-public or other confidential information (e.g., certain index composition data or esg rating data), our brand and reputation may suffer and we may become subject to litigation, regulatory actions, sanctions or other penalties, leading to a loss of client confidence, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
successful cyber-attacks and the failure of cyber-security plans, systems and procedures could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
the company's operations rely on the secure processing, storage and transmission of confidential, sensitive, proprietary and other types of data and information, and on those of our third-party vendors. we and our vendors are subject to cyber risks, including cyber-attacks, such as phishing scams, hacking, tampering, intrusions, viruses, ransomware, malware and denial-of-service attacks. in some cases these risks are heightened when employees are working remotely.  our and our vendors' use of mobile and cloud technologies may also increase our risk for such threats. the company may be exposed to more targeted and more sophisticated cyber-attacks aimed at accessing certain information on our systems because of our role or prominence in the global marketplace, including client portfolio data, the composition of our indexes and msci esg research ratings of corporate issuers. any such threats may cause material interruptions or malfunctions in our or our vendors' products or services, networks, systems, websites, applications, data or data processing, or may otherwise compromise the availability,
19
confidentiality or integrity of data or information in our possession.  while the company has not experienced cyber incidents that are individually, or in the aggregate, material, the company has experienced cyber-attacks of varying degrees in the past, including denial-of-service attacks, and there can be no assurance that there will not be a material adverse effect in the future.
our security measures or those of our third-party providers, including any cloud-based technologies, may prove insufficient depending upon the attack or threat posed. cyber-attacks, security breaches or third-party reports of perceived security vulnerability to the company's systems, even if no breach has occurred, could damage our brand and reputation, result in litigation, regulatory actions, sanctions or other penalties, lead to loss of client confidence, which would harm our ability to retain clients and gain new ones, and lead to financial losses. any of the foregoing could lead to unexpected or higher than estimated costs.  we may also incur additional costs as a result of increasing and refining our internal processes and software controls and policies and procedures related to security, processing integrity and confidentiality or privacy.
migration of our applications, systems, processes and infrastructure to new technologies, cloud providers, data centers, processes, platforms or applications could result in unanticipated failures, interruptions or delays in the performance and delivery of our products, services and client support.  such incidents could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations.
in the past, we have experienced unanticipated interruption and delay in the performance and delivery of certain products after we migrated applications and infrastructure to new data centers. while we have taken steps to mitigate such interruptions and delays, we cannot provide assurance that they will not occur again in the future as part of major migration efforts (e.g., cloud migration), even after extensive testing of new systems, processes, applications and hardware. such disruptions may result in cancellations and reduced demand for our products and services, resulting in decreased revenues. after adopting new technologies, applications and processes, such as cloud computing, virtualization and agile software development, we may experience unanticipated interruption and delay in the performance and delivery of certain of our products, services and client support. we may also incur increased operating expenses to recover data, repair, replace or remediate systems, equipment or facilities, and to protect ourselves from such disruptions. accordingly, any significant failures, disruptions or instability affecting our information technology platform, cloud providers, data centers, production and delivery systems, applications, processes or the internet could negatively affect our ability to distribute our products effectively and to service our clients, damage our brand and reputation and result in litigation, which may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations.
our use of open source code could introduce security vulnerabilities into our internal network, systems and applications, impose unanticipated delays or costs in deploying our products or services, or impose conditions or restrictions on our ability to commercialize our products or services or keep them confidential.
we rely on open source code to develop software and to incorporate it in our products, as well as to support our internal systems and infrastructure. the use of open source code may entail greater risks than the use of third-party commercial software, as open source licensors generally do not provide warranties or other contractual protections regarding infringement claims, the quality of the code or the security of the code. some open source licenses provide that if we combine our proprietary code with open source code in a certain manner, we could be required to release the source code of our proprietary applications to the public. this would allow our competitors to create similar products with less development effort and time and ultimately put us at a competitive disadvantage. additionally, the terms of many open source code licenses are ambiguous and have not been interpreted by u.s. courts. accordingly, there are risks that there may be a failure in our procedures for controlling the use of open source code or that these licenses could be construed in a manner that imposes unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our ability to commercialize our products. in either event, we could be required to seek licenses from third parties on terms that are not commercially feasible, to make generally available portions of our proprietary code, to re-engineer our products or systems, to discontinue the licensing of our products if re-engineering could not be accomplished on a timely or cost-effective basis, or to take other remedial action that could divert resources away from our development efforts. any of these requirements could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.
20
strategy and growth risks our business may be affected by changes in the global capital markets, including adverse equity market conditions, volatility in the financial markets and evolving investment trends. such changes could decrease the use of our products and services which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
our business is impacted by economic conditions and volatility in the global capital markets. our clients use our products for a variety of purposes, including benchmarking, performance attribution, portfolio construction and risk management, and to support investment strategies including esg, factor, thematic, private asset and mac investing. volatile capital markets may impact whether, how, where and when investors choose to invest, for example between developed or emerging markets, u.s. or non-u.s. markets, as well as whether to adopt different investment strategies.
the value of an investment product's assets may increase or decrease in response to changes in market performance and cash inflows and outflows, which could impact our revenues.
additionally, an increasing portion of our revenues comes from products and services that relate to certain investment trends, such as esg and climate, factor, thematic and mac investing.  a decline in the equity markets or a trend away from such investment trends could decrease demand for the company's related products and services, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
competition and financial and budgetary pressures affecting clients in our industry may cause price reductions or loss of market share, which may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. to remain competitive, we must successfully develop new and enhanced products and services and effectively manage product transitions and integrations.
competition exists across all markets for our products and services. our competitors range in size from large companies with substantial resources to small, single-product businesses that are highly specialized. our larger competitors may have access to more resources and may be able to achieve greater economies of scale, and our specialized competitors may be more effective in devoting technical, marketing and financial resources to compete with us with respect to a particular product or service. some competitors may offer price incentives or different pricing structures that are more attractive to clients. the competitive landscape may also experience consolidation in the form of mergers and acquisitions, joint ventures or strategic partnerships, which result in a narrower pool of competitors that are better capitalized or that are able to gain a competitive advantage through synergies.
barriers to entry may be low or declining in many of the markets for our products and services, including for single-purpose product companies, which could lead to the emergence of new competitors. for example, more broker-dealers, data suppliers, credit rating agencies or other market participants or vendors could begin developing their own content such as proprietary risk analytics, esg and climate data or indexes. recent developments, including increases in the availability of free or relatively inexpensive information, advances in cloud computing, increased use of open source code, as well as client development of proprietary applications in specific areas, have further reduced barriers to entry in some cases.
we may experience pressures to reduce our fees on account of financial and budgetary pressures affecting our clients, including those resulting from weak or volatile economic or market conditions, which may lead certain clients to reduce their overall spending on our products or services, including by seeking similar products or services at a lower cost than what we are able to provide, by consolidating their spending with fewer providers, by consolidating with other clients or by self-sourcing certain of their information and analytical needs. accordingly, competitive and market pressures may result in fewer clients or reduced sales, including as a result of client closures and consolidations, price reductions, prolonged selling and renewal cycles and increased operating costs, such as for marketing and product development, which could, individually or in the aggregate, result in a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
to remain competitive, we must continually introduce new products and services, enhance existing products and services, including through integration of products and services within msci and with third-party platforms, and effectively generate customer demand for new and upgraded products and services. we may not be successful in developing, introducing, implementing, marketing, pricing, launching or licensing new products or enhancements on a timely or cost-effective basis or without impacting the stability and efficiency of existing products and systems. any new products and enhancements may not adequately meet the requirements of the marketplace or industry
21
standards or achieve market acceptance. we must make long-term investments and commit significant resources before knowing whether these investments will eventually result in products and services that satisfy our clients' needs and generate revenues required to provide the desired results. from time to time, we also incur costs to integrate existing products and services and transition clients to enhanced products and services, which also present execution risks and challenges and could lead to price reductions or other concessions. if we are unable to effectively manage transitions to new or enhanced products and services, we may not be able to remain competitive and our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected.
our global operations and any future expansions may continue to place significant strain on our management and other resources, as well as subject us to additional, and in some cases unanticipated, risks and costs in connection with political, economic, legal, operational and other issues resulting from our increased global footprint, which could materially adversely impact our businesses.
our global operations and any future expansion are expected to continue to place significant demands on our personnel, management and other resources. we must continue to improve our operational, financial, human resources, management, legal and compliance processes and information systems to keep pace with the expansion of our business. if we expand organically or by way of acquisition, there can be no assurance that our management will be effective in attracting, engaging and retaining additional qualified personnel, including additional managers or key employees, developing effective leadership in all our locations, expanding our physical facilities and information technology infrastructure, integrating acquired businesses or otherwise managing expansion. additionally, new hires require significant training and may, in some cases, take a significant amount of time before becoming fully productive.
our global operations expose us to political, economic, legal, operational, franchise and other risks that are inherent in operating in many countries, including risks of possible capital controls, exchange controls, customs duties, sanctions compliance, tax penalties, levies or assessments, legal uncertainty, broad regulatory discretion and other restrictive governmental actions, as well as the outbreak of hostilities or political and governmental instability in certain of the countries or regions in which we conduct operations. the majority of our employees are located in offices outside of the u.s. and a number of those employees are located in emerging market locations. the cost of establishing and maintaining these offices, including costs related to information technology infrastructure, as well as the costs of attracting, training and retaining employees in these locations may be higher, or may increase at a faster rate, than we anticipate.  additionally, public health epidemics impacting the global economy and our employees, such as the worldwide covid-19 pandemic, may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
the laws and regulations in many countries applicable to our business are uncertain and evolving, and it may be difficult for us to determine and remain compliant with the exact requirements of local laws in every market. our inability to maintain consistent internal policies and procedures across our offices and remain in compliance with local laws in a particular market could have a significant and negative effect not only on our businesses in that market but also on our reputation generally.
demand for our products and services is still nascent in many parts of the world, particularly in emerging market locations where risk management and esg integration practices are often not fully developed.  in addition, the data required to model local securities in some emerging markets might be difficult to source. if we do not appropriately tailor our products and services to fit the needs of the local market, we may be unable to effectively grow sales of our products and services in some locations outside of the u.s. there can be no assurances that demand for our products and services will develop in these countries.
any failure to effectively manage expansion or to effectively manage the business globally could damage our brand and reputation, result in increased costs and litigation and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
legal and regulatory risks failure to comply with regulations, or the introduction of new regulations or changes to existing regulations could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.
failure to comply with any applicable laws, rules, orders, regulations or other requirements could subject us to litigation, regulatory actions, sanctions, fines or other penalties, as well as damage our brand and reputation. the
22
financial services industry, within which we and many of our clients operate, is subject to extensive laws, rules and regulations at the federal and state levels, as well as by foreign governments, with some jurisdictions regulating indexes directly. these laws, rules and regulations are complex, evolve frequently and sometimes quickly and unexpectedly, and are subject to administrative interpretation and judicial construction in ways that are difficult to predict, and could materially adversely affect our business and our clients' businesses. uncertainty caused by political change globally heightens regulatory uncertainty. additionally, we may be required to comply with multiple and potentially conflicting laws, rules or regulations in various jurisdictions, which could, individually or in the aggregate, result in materially higher compliance costs to us. it is possible that laws, rules or regulations could cause us to restrict or change the way we license and price our products and services or could impose additional costs on us. changes to the laws, rules and regulations applicable to our clients could limit our clients' ability to use our products and services or could otherwise impact our clients' demand for our products and services. as such, to the extent that our clients become subject to certain laws, rules or regulations, we may incur higher costs in connection with modifying our products or services.  to the extent that we rely on our clients and vendors to provide data for our products and services and certain laws, rules or regulations impact our clients' and vendors' ability or willingness to provide that data to us or regulate the fees for which such data can be provided, our ability to continue to produce our products and services or the related costs could be negatively impacted.  the regulations and regulatory developments that most significantly impact us are described below:
•   brexit. the united kingdom ("uk") exited the european union ("eu") on january 31, 2020 (commonly referred to as "brexit") and the uk's membership in the eu single market ended on december 31, 2020. on december 24, 2020, the uk and the eu announced that they had struck a new bilateral trade and cooperation deal governing the future relationship between the uk and the eu (the "eu-uk trade and cooperation agreement") which was formally approved by the 27 member states of the eu on december 29, 2020. the eu-uk trade and cooperation agreement was formally approved by the uk parliament on december 30, 2020 and is being applied provisionally until it is formally ratified by the eu parliament.

the eu-uk trade and cooperation agreement provides some clarity regarding the future relationship between the uk and the eu including some detailed matters of trade and cooperation, but there remain uncertainties related to brexit and the new relationship between the uk and eu that will continue to be developed and defined, as well as uncertainties related to the wider trading, legal, regulatory, tax and labor environments, and the resulting impact on our business and that of our clients. because we have significant operations in europe and certain members of our senior management team are based in london, any of these uncertainties could increase our costs of doing business, or in some cases, affect our ability to do business, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
•   regulation affecting benchmarks. compliance efforts associated with regulations affecting benchmarks or their uses and any related technical standards and guidance could have a negative impact on our business and results of operations. in particular, compliance could lead to a change in our business practices, product offerings and/or our ability to offer indexes in certain jurisdictions, including the eu, including without limitation, by increasing our costs of doing business, including direct costs paid to regulators, diminishing our intellectual property rights, impacting the fees we can charge for our indexes, imposing constraints on our ability to meet contractual commitments to our data providers, imposing constraints on how we offer our products or causing our data providers to refuse to provide data to us, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our index products.

for example, the benchmark industry is subject to regulations in the eu, such as regulation (eu) 2016/1011 (as amended) and regulation (eu) no 600/2014, as well as increased scrutiny and potential new or increased regulation in various other jurisdictions. additionally, the european securities and markets authority ("esma") issues guidance from time to time regarding interpretations of the benchmark regulation. the esma guidelines on etfs and other ucits issues limit the types of indexes that can be used as the basis of undertakings for collective investment in transferable securities ("ucits") funds and require, among other things, index constituents, together with their respective weightings, to be made easily accessible free of charge, such as via the internet, to investors and prospective investors on a delayed and periodic basis. the international organization of securities commissions ("iosco") recommends that benchmark administrators, on a voluntary basis, publicly disclose whether they comply with the principles for financial benchmarks published by iosco.  other jurisdictions have also indicated they may consider potential benchmark regulation.  the heightened attention and scrutiny on benchmarks and index providers by regulators,
23
policymakers and the media in the eu, the u.s. and other jurisdictions around the world could result in negative publicity or comments about the role or influence of our company or the index industry generally, which could harm our reputation and credibility.
further, laws, rules, regulations and orders affecting users of our indexes can have an indirect impact on our indexes, including their construction and composition, such as sanctions that prohibit users of our indexes from investing or transacting in securities included in our indexes.
•   data privacy legislation. changes in laws, rules or regulations, or consumer environments relating to privacy or information collection and use may affect our ability to collect, manage, aggregate, store, transfer and use personal data. there could be a material adverse impact on our direct marketing due to the enactment of legislation or industry regulations, or simply a change in practices, arising from public concern over privacy issues. restrictions or bans could be placed upon the collection, management, aggregation, storage, transfer and use of information that is currently legally available, in which case our costs related to handling information could increase materially. for example, california passed the california consumer privacy act ("ccpa"), which took effect on january 1, 2020. the ccpa regulates the processing of personal data of all californians and imposes significant penalties for non-compliance. the european general data protection regulation imposes enhanced operational requirements for companies that receive or process personal data of residents of the eu and includes significant penalties for non-compliance. in japan, the act on the protection of personal information ("appi") regulates the use of personal information and personal data of "data subjects" for business purposes without regard to whether such use is within japan. in addition, other jurisdictions, including china and india, are considering imposing or have already imposed additional restrictions.

•   investment advisers act. except with respect to certain products provided by msci esg research llc and certain of its designated foreign affiliates, we believe that our products and services do not constitute or provide investment advice as contemplated by the advisers act. the advisers act imposes fiduciary duties, recordkeeping and reporting requirements, disclosure requirements, limitations on agency and principal transactions between an adviser and advisory clients, as well as general anti-fraud prohibitions. future developments in our product lines or changes to current laws, rules, regulations or interpretations could cause this status to change, requiring other entities in our corporate family to register as investment advisers under the advisers act or comply with similar laws or requirements in states or foreign jurisdictions. certain regulators in the u.s., for example, have commented publicly on whether index providers, in some cases, are or should be subject to the advisers act. see part i, item 1. "business-government regulation" above for information about similar regulations in other countries.

in some instances, in connection with the provision of data and services, we have incurred additional costs to implement processes and systems at the request of our clients to ensure that the products and services that they in turn provide to their clients using our data are compliant with the financial regulations to which our clients may be subject. for example, a u.s. executive order prohibiting many of our clients from transacting in the securities of certain chinese companies resulted in our decision to remove these companies from relevant indexes in order to support our clients' needs that our indexes meet their objective to be replicable in investment portfolios.  to the extent that our clients are subject to increased regulation, we may be indirectly impacted and could incur increased costs that could have a negative impact on the profitability of certain products.
additionally, there has been increased attention on and scrutiny of index and esg ratings providers by politicians, regulators, policymakers and the media, which could create negative publicity that could harm our reputation or credibility as well as result in new or additional regulation that could increase our costs and have a negative impact on profitability.
legal protections for our intellectual property rights and other rights may not be sufficient or available to protect our competitive advantages. third parties may infringe on our intellectual property rights or we may infringe upon their intellectual property rights, which, in each case, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
we consider many aspects of our products and services to be proprietary. we rely primarily on a combination of trade secrets, patents, copyrights and trademark rights, as well as technical measures and contractual protections,
24
such as non-disclosure obligations, to protect our products and services. despite our best efforts, we cannot be certain that the steps we have taken to protect our intellectual property rights, and the rights of those from whom we license intellectual property, are adequate to prevent unauthorized use, misappropriation, distribution or theft of our intellectual property.
intellectual property laws in various jurisdictions in which we operate are subject to change at any time and could further restrict our ability to protect our intellectual property rights. the enforceability of intellectual property rights and obligations under our agreements, as well as the availability of remedies in the event of a breach, may vary due to the different jurisdictions in which our clients and employees are located.  failure to protect the company's intellectual property adequately could harm its brand and reputation and affect the company's ability to compete effectively.
there is no guarantee that any intellectual property rights that we may obtain will protect our competitive advantages, nor is there any assurance that our competitors will not infringe upon our rights. furthermore, our competitors may independently develop and patent or otherwise protect products and services that are the same or similar to ours. we may be unable to detect the unauthorized use or disclosure of our intellectual property or confidential information, or to take the necessary steps to enforce our rights. in addition, our products and services, or third-party products that we provide to our clients, could infringe upon the intellectual property rights of others.
pursuing intellectual property claims to preserve our intellectual property rights or responding to intellectual property claims, regardless of merit, can consume valuable time, and result in costly litigation or delays, and there is no guarantee that the company will be successful. from time to time, we receive claims or notices from third parties alleging infringement or potential infringement of their intellectual property rights; and the number of these claims may grow. these intellectual property claims would likely be costly to defend and could require us to pay damages, limit our future use of certain technologies, harm our brand and reputation, significantly increase our costs and prevent us from offering some services or products. we may need to settle such claims on unfavorable terms, pay damages, stop providing or using the affected products or services or enter into royalty and licensing agreements, which may include terms that are not commercially acceptable to us. from time to time we receive notices calling upon us to defend partners, clients, suppliers or distributors against third-party claims under indemnification clauses in our contracts. if any of these risks materialize, they could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
there have been a number of lawsuits in multiple jurisdictions, including in the u.s. and germany, regarding whether issuers of indexed investment products are required to obtain a license from the index owner or whether issuers may issue investment products based on publicly-available index level data without obtaining permission from (or making payment to) the index owner. the outcome of these cases depends on a number of factors, including the governing law, the amount of information about the index available without a license and the other particular facts and circumstances of the cases. in some instances, the results have been unfavorable to the index owner. if courts or regulators or other governmental bodies in relevant jurisdictions determine that a license is not required to issue investment products linked to indexes, this could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. it might also lead to changes in current industry practices such that we would no longer make our index level data publicly available, such as via our website or news media, on a timely basis.
some of our products and services help our clients to meet their regulatory requirements.  changes to regulatory requirements may obviate the need for these products or services or may cause us to invest in enhancing the products or services to help our clients meet the new regulatory requirements.
financial risks our revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities are subject to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuation risk.
we are subject to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuation risk. exchange rate movements can impact the u.s. dollar reported value of our revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities denominated in non-u.s. dollar currencies or where the currency of such items is different than the functional currency of the entity where these items were recorded. additionally, the value of assets in indexed investment products can fluctuate significantly over short periods of time and such volatility may be further impacted by fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates.
25
we manage certain of our foreign currency exchange rate risk, in part, through the use of derivative financial instruments comprised principally of forward contracts on foreign currency which are not designated as hedging instruments for accounting purposes. any derivative financial instruments that we are currently party to or may enter into in the future may not be successful, resulting in an adverse impact on our results of operations.
to the extent that our international activities recorded in local currencies increase or decrease in the future, our exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates may correspondingly increase or decrease and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.  in addition, brexit has caused, and may continue to cause, significant volatility in currency exchange rates, especially between the u.s. dollar and the british pound sterling. a weaker british pound sterling means that revenues earned in british pound sterling translate to lower reported u.s. dollar revenues.  a weaker british pound sterling also means that expenses incurred in british pound sterling translate to lower reported u.s. dollar expenses. a weaker british pound sterling could also impair the purchasing power of certain clients and could result in decreased demand for our products and services. a fall in the british pound sterling relative to the u.s. dollar, and the strengthening of the u.s. dollar relative to a number of currencies including the british pound sterling, could have significant impacts on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
our indebtedness could materially adversely affect our cash flows and financial flexibility.
for an overview of our current outstanding indebtedness and history of our offerings, see "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" below. although we believe that our cash flows will be sufficient to service our outstanding indebtedness, we cannot provide assurance that we will generate and maintain cash flows sufficient to permit us to pay the principal, premium, if any, and interest on our indebtedness. our ability to make payments on indebtedness and to fund planned capital expenditures depends on our ability to generate and access cash in the future, which, in turn, is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, regulatory and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. if we are unable to pay our obligations as they mature, we may need to refinance all or a portion of our indebtedness on or before maturity. if we are unable to secure additional financing on terms favorable or acceptable to us or at all, we could also be forced to sell assets to make up for any shortfall in our payment obligations. the restrictive covenants in our debt agreements, however, limit our and our subsidiaries' ability to sell assets and also restrict the use of proceeds from such a sale. if we cannot refinance or otherwise pay our obligations as they mature and fund our liquidity needs, our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, ability to obtain financing and ability to compete in our industry could be materially adversely affected.
we may need or want to refinance our existing debt or incur additional debt from time to time to finance working capital, capital expenditures, investments or acquisitions, or for other purposes. if we do so, we may be subject to less favorable terms. the risks related to our level of indebtedness could also intensify, including by making it difficult for us to optimally capitalize and manage the cash flow for our business or placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less indebtedness.
furthermore, the terms of our debt agreements include restrictive covenants that limit, among other things, our and our existing and future subsidiaries' financial flexibility. if we are unable to comply with the restrictions and covenants in our debt agreements, there could be a default that, in some cases, if continuing, could result in the accelerated payment of our debt obligations or the termination of borrowing commitments on the part of the lenders under our revolving credit facility.
in 2017, the u.k. financial conduct authority (the "fca"), which regulates london interbank offered rate ("libor"), announced that the fca will no longer persuade or compel banks to submit rates for the calculation of the libor benchmark after 2021. this announcement indicates that the continuation of libor on the current basis cannot be guaranteed after 2021, and it appears highly likely that libor will be discontinued or modified by the end of 2021, and although alternative reference rates have been proposed, it is unknown whether they will attain market acceptance as replacements of libor. at this time, it is not possible to predict the effect that these developments, any discontinuance, modification or other reforms to libor or any other reference rate, or the establishment of alternative reference rates may have on libor, other benchmarks or floating rate debt instruments, including borrowings under the credit agreement, dated as of november 20, 2014, by and among the company, the guarantors party thereto, jpmorgan chase bank, n.a., as administrative agent and the lenders from time to time party thereto, as amended, supplemented, modified or amended and restated from time to time (as amended, the "revolving credit facility"). the use of alternative reference rates or other reforms could cause the interest rate calculated for such borrowings to increase or otherwise fail to correlate over time with the interest rates and/or
26
payments that would have been made on our obligations if libor was available in its current form, or have other adverse effects on us. to address the transition away from libor, our revolving credit facility provides for a process to amend our revolving credit facility to substitute libor with a replacement rate under certain circumstances. however, there is no guarantee that any such amendment for a replacement rate would become effective, and in the event that such amendment does not become effective, we may be required to pay a rate of interest higher than expected on any amounts owed under our revolving credit facility. as of december 31, 2020, there were no amounts outstanding under our revolving credit facility. if we were to incur any variable rate indebtedness under our revolving credit facility, we would be subject to interest rate risk generally, which could cause our debt service obligations to increase significantly.
a change in our credit ratings could materially adversely affect our financial condition.
our credit ratings are not recommendations to buy, sell or hold any of our common stock or outstanding debt. our outstanding debt under the senior notes currently has non-investment grade ratings. any rating assigned to such debt is subject to ongoing evaluation by the credit rating agencies and could be lowered or withdrawn entirely at any time by either or both agencies if, in the agency's judgment, future circumstances relating to the basis of the rating so warrant. such future circumstances include, but are not limited to, adverse changes to our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows, or revisions to our corporate strategy pertaining to capitalization or leverage. any such downgrade or withdrawal could adversely affect the amount of capital we can access, as well as the terms of any financing we obtain.
in addition, our debt covenants contain certain obligations that are triggered by a change in our credit rating, including obligations to make repurchase offers to the noteholders of our senior notes if the following two conditions are met at the time of, or as a result of, a change of control or sale of substantially all of the company's assets: (i) the senior notes are rated below investment grade by each rating agency that rates the senior notes and (ii) the senior notes are downgraded by any rating agency.
any adverse change in our credit rating could have a negative effect on our liquidity and future growth through transactions in which we rely on the ability to receive debt capital at an advantageous cost and on favorable terms. accordingly, actual or anticipated changes or downgrades to or withdrawal of our credit ratings, including any announcement that our ratings are under review or have been assigned a negative outlook, could result in damage to our brand and reputation and have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows and on the market value of our common stock and outstanding debt.
we may have exposure to tax liabilities in various jurisdictions. future changes in tax law could materially affect our tax obligations and effective tax rate.
we are subject to income taxes, as well as non-income or indirect taxes, in the u.s. and various foreign jurisdictions. significant judgment is required in determining our global provision for income taxes and other tax liabilities. in the ordinary course of a global business, there are many intercompany transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. changes in domestic and international tax laws could negatively impact our overall effective tax rate.
we are regularly under audit by tax authorities. we may be subject to additional tax liabilities as the jurisdictions in which we do business globally are increasingly focused on digital taxes and the treatment of increasingly remote workforces. although we believe that our tax provisions are reasonable, there can be no assurance that the final determination of tax audits or tax disputes will not be different from what is reflected in our historical income tax provisions and accruals. to the extent we are required to pay amounts in excess of our reserves, such differences could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated statement of income for a particular future period. in addition, an unfavorable tax settlement could require use of our cash and result in an increase in our effective tax rate in the period in which such resolution occurs.
27
general risks our business performance might not be sufficient for us to meet the full-year financial guidance or long-term targets that we provide publicly.
we provide certain full-year financial guidance and long-term targets to the public based upon our assumptions regarding our expected financial performance that may not always prove to be accurate and may vary from actual results. if we fail to meet the full-year financial guidance or achieve the long-term targets that we provide, or if we find it necessary to revise such guidance or targets, the market value of our common stock or other securities could be adversely affected.
our growth and profitability may not continue at the same rate as we have experienced in the past for several reasons, including if our operating costs are higher than expected, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
we have experienced significant revenue and earnings growth since we began operations. there can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain the levels of growth and profitability that we have experienced in the past. if we experience higher than expected operating costs, including increased compensation costs, regulatory compliance costs, occupancy costs, selling and marketing costs, investments in geographic expansion, market data costs, software license costs, communication costs, travel costs, application development costs, professional fees, costs related to information technology infrastructure, cloud usage and other it costs, and we cannot adjust to these costs, our operating results may fluctuate significantly or our anticipated profitability may be reduced and our anticipated results of operations and financial position may be materially adversely affected. additionally, there can be no assurance that we will be as successful in our product development, selling and marketing efforts, or capital return or allocation strategies as we have been in the past, or that such efforts will result in growth or profit margins comparable to those we have experienced in the past.
we may be exposed to liabilities as a result of failure to comply with anti-corruption laws and any determination that we violated these laws could have a material adverse effect on our business.
we are subject to various anti-corruption laws that prohibit improper payments or benefits or offers of payments or benefits to foreign governments and their officials and, in some cases, to employees of a business for the purpose of directing, obtaining or retaining business. we conduct business in countries and regions that are less developed than the u.s. and in some cases are generally recognized as potentially more corrupt business environments. our activities in these countries create the risk of unauthorized payments or offers of payments by one of our employees or agents that could be in violation of various anti-corruption laws including the foreign corrupt practices act of 1977, as amended (the "fcpa") and the u.k. bribery act 2010. we have implemented safeguards and policies to discourage these practices by our employees and agents. however, our existing safeguards and any future improvements may prove to be less than fully effective and our employees or agents may engage in conduct for which we might be held responsible. if employees violate our policies or we fail to maintain adequate record-keeping and internal accounting practices to accurately record our transactions we may be subject to regulatory fines, sanctions, damages or other penalties or costs. violations of the fcpa or other anti-corruption laws may result in severe criminal or civil sanctions and penalties, damage our brand and reputation and subject us to other liabilities which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
if we are unable to successfully identify, execute and realize expected returns and synergies from acquisitions or strategic partnerships or investments, or if we experience integration, financing, or other risks resulting from our acquisitions or strategic partnerships or investments, our financial results may be materially adversely affected.
an element of our growth strategy is growth through acquisitions, strategic partnerships and investments. despite our best efforts to continue pursuing such transactions, there can be no assurance that we will be able to identify suitable strategic partners, investment opportunities or candidates for successful acquisition at acceptable terms. our ability to achieve the expected returns and synergies from our past and future acquisitions, strategic partnerships and investments depends, in part, upon our ability to effectively leverage or integrate the offerings, technology, sales, administrative functions and personnel of these businesses. we cannot provide assurance that we will be successful in integrating acquired businesses, that our acquired businesses will perform at the levels we anticipate or that our strategic partnerships and investments will advance the long-term growth strategy of our
28
company. our past and future acquisitions, strategic partnerships and investments may subject us to unanticipated risks or liabilities, including the potential to disrupt our operations. additionally, strategic partnerships may increase our reliance on third parties, which may result in future disruptions if those partnerships are unsuccessful or discontinued or the content or level of support provided by strategic partners is diminished.
in the event that we experience a high level of acquisition, strategic partnership or investment-related activity within a limited period of time, the probability that certain of these risks would occur would likely increase. in addition, if we are unsuccessful in completing acquisitions of other businesses or assets, executing strategic partnerships or investments, or if such opportunities for expansion do not arise, our brand or reputation could suffer, and our future growth, business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected.
our goodwill and other intangible assets resulting from our acquisitions could be impaired as a result of future business conditions, requiring us to record substantial write-downs that would reduce our operating income.
we evaluate the recoverability of recorded goodwill amounts annually or when evidence of potential impairment exists. intangible assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the asset may not be recoverable. these impairment tests are based on several factors requiring management's judgment. changes in fair market valuations and our operating performance or business conditions, in general, could result in future impairments of goodwill or intangible assets which could materially adversely affect our results of operations. in addition, if we are not successful in achieving anticipated operating efficiencies associated with acquisitions, our goodwill and intangible assets may become impaired.
if we fail to attract or retain the necessary qualified personnel, including through our compensation programs, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected.
the development, maintenance and support of our products and services are dependent upon the knowledge, skills, experience and abilities of our employees. accordingly, we believe the success of our business depends to a significant extent upon the continued service of our executives and other key employees. although we do not believe that we are overly dependent upon any individual employee, our management and other employees may terminate their employment at any time and the loss of any of our key employees could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. if our compensation programs do not adequately engage our key employees or are not competitive, or if we fail to attract, engage and retain the necessary qualified personnel, the quality of our products and services as well as our ability to support and retain our clients and achieve business objectives may suffer.
we cannot provide any guaranty that we will continue to repurchase our common shares pursuant to our share repurchase program.
the timing, price and volume of repurchases will be based on market conditions, relevant securities laws and other factors. the stock repurchases may be made from time to time, through one or more open market repurchases or privately negotiated transactions, including, without limitation, accelerated share repurchase transactions, trading plans or derivative transactions, or otherwise.
share repurchases under our share repurchase program constitute components of our capital allocation strategy, which we fund with free operating cash flow and borrowings. however, we are not required to make any share repurchases under our share repurchase program. the share repurchase program does not obligate us to repurchase any set dollar amount or number of shares and may be modified, suspended, or terminated at any time without prior notice. the reduction or elimination of our share repurchase program could adversely affect the market price of our common shares. additionally, the existence of a share repurchase program could cause the market price of our common shares to be higher than it would be in the absence of such a program and could potentially reduce the market liquidity for our shares. as a result, any repurchase program may not ultimately result in enhanced value to our shareholders and may not prove to be the best use of our cash resources.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations

the following discussion and analysis of the financial condition and results of our operations for the year ended december 31, 2020 should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k. the discussion summarizing the significant factors affecting the results of operations and financial condition of msci for the year ended december 31, 2019 can be found in part ii, "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" of our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2019 (the "2019 annual report"), which was filed with the securities and exchange commission on february 18, 2020.
overview we are a leading provider of critical decision support tools and services for the global investment community.  leveraging our knowledge of the global investment process and our expertise in research, data and technology, our actionable solutions power better investment decisions by enabling our clients to understand and analyze key drivers of risk and return and confidently and efficiently build more effective portfolios.
investors all over the world use our tools and services to gain insight and improve transparency throughout their investment processes, including to help define their investment universe, inform and analyze their asset allocation and portfolio construction decisions, measure and manage portfolio performance and risk, conduct performance attribution, implement sustainable and other investment strategies, design and issue etfs and other indexed financial products, and facilitate reporting to stakeholders.
our leading, research-enhanced products and services include indexes; portfolio construction and risk management analytics; esg research and ratings, as well as climate solutions; and real estate benchmarks, return-analytics and market insights.  through our integrated franchise we provide solutions across our products and services to support our clients' dynamic and complex needs.  our content and capabilities can be accessed by our clients through multiple channels and platforms.
we are focused on product innovation to address the evolving needs of our clients in light of changing investment trends  and an increasingly complex industry.  in order to most effectively serve our clients, we are committed to driving an integrated solutions-based approach, achieving service excellence, enhancing our differentiated research and content, and delivering flexible, cutting-edge technology and platforms.
our clients comprise a wide spectrum of the global investment industry and include the following key client types:
•   asset owners (pension funds, endowments, foundations, central banks, sovereign wealth funds, family offices and insurance companies)

•   asset managers (institutional funds and accounts, mutual funds, hedge funds, etfs, insurance products, private banks and real estate investment trusts)

•   financial intermediaries (banks, broker-dealers, exchanges, custodians, trust companies and investment consultants)

•   wealth managers (including robo-advisors and self-directed brokerages)

•   corporates

as of december 31, 2020, we had offices in more than 30 cities across more than 20 countries to help serve our diverse client base, with 46.9% of our revenues coming from clients in the americas, 37.0% in europe, the middle east and africa ("emea") and 16.1% in asia and australia.
in evaluating our financial performance, we focus on revenue and profit growth, including results accounted for under accounting principles generally accepted in the united states ("gaap") as well as non-gaap measures, for the company as a whole and by operating segment. in addition, we focus on operating metrics, including run rate, subscription sales and retention rate, to manage the business. our business is not highly capital intensive and, as such, we expect to continue to convert a high percentage of our profits into excess cash in the future. our growth strategy includes: (a) extending leadership in research-enhanced content across asset classes, (b) enhancing distribution and content-enabling technology, (c) expanding solutions that empower client customization, (d) strengthening existing client relationships and growing by developing new ones and (e) executing strategic relationships and acquisitions with complementary content and technology companies.
36
key financial metrics and drivers as discussed in the previous section, we utilize a portfolio of key financial metrics to manage the company, including gaap and non-gaap measures. as detailed below, we review revenues by type and by segment, or by major product line. we also review expenses by activity, which provides more transparency into how resources are being deployed. in addition, we utilize operating metrics including run rate, subscription sales and retention rate to analyze past performance and to provide insight into our latest reported recurring business.
in the discussion that follows, we provide certain variances excluding the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations reflect the difference between the current period results as reported compared to the current period results recalculated using the foreign currency exchange rates in effect for the comparable prior period. while operating revenues adjusted for the impact of foreign currency fluctuations includes asset-based fees that have been adjusted for the impact of foreign currency fluctuations, the underlying aum, which is the primary component of asset-based fees, is not adjusted for foreign currency fluctuations. more than three-fifths of the aum are invested in securities denominated in currencies other than the u.s. dollar, and accordingly, any such impact is excluded from the disclosed foreign currency-adjusted variances.
revenues our revenues are characterized by type, which broadly reflects the nature of how they are recognized or earned. our revenue types are recurring subscriptions, asset-based fees and non-recurring revenues. we also group our revenues by segment and provide the revenue type within each segment.
recurring subscription revenues represent fees earned from clients primarily under renewable contracts and are generally recognized ratably over the term of the license or service pursuant to the contract terms. the fees are recognized as we provide the product and service to the client over the license period and are generally billed in advance, prior to the license start date.
asset-based fees represent fees earned on the aum linked to our indexes from independent third-party sources or the most recently reported information provided by the client. asset-based fees also include revenues related to futures and options contracts linked to our indexes, which are primarily based on trading volumes.
non-recurring revenues primarily represent fees earned on products and services where we do not have renewal contracts and primarily include revenues for providing historical data, certain implementation services and other special client requests, which are generally recognized at a point in time.
operating expenses we group our operating expenses into the following activity categories:
•   cost of revenues;

•   selling and marketing;

•   research and development ("r&amp;d");

•   general and administrative ("g&amp;a");

•   amortization of intangible assets; and

•   depreciation and amortization of property, equipment and leasehold improvements.

costs are assigned to these activity categories based on the nature of the expense or, when not directly attributable, an estimated allocation based on the type of effort involved.
37
cost of revenues cost of revenues expenses consist of costs related to the production and servicing of our products and services and primarily includes related information technology costs, including data center, cloud, platform and infrastructure costs; costs to acquire, produce and maintain market data information; costs of research to support and maintain existing products; costs of product management teams; costs of client service and consultant teams to support customer needs; as well as other support costs directly attributable to the cost of revenues including certain human resources, finance and legal costs.
selling and marketing selling and marketing expenses consist of costs associated with acquiring new clients or selling new products or product renewals to existing clients and primarily includes the costs of our sales and marketing teams, as well as costs incurred in other groups associated with acquiring new business, including product management, research, technology and sales operations.
research and development r&d expenses consist of costs to develop new or enhance existing products and costs to develop new or improved technology and service platforms for the delivery of our products and services and primarily include the costs of development, research, product management, project management and the technology support associated with these efforts.
general and administrative g&a expenses consist of costs primarily related to finance operations, human resources, office of the ceo, legal, corporate technology, corporate development and certain other administrative costs that are not directly attributed, but are instead allocated, to a product or service.
amortization of intangible assets amortization of intangible assets expense relates to definite-lived intangible assets arising from past acquisitions and internal capitalized software projects. intangibles arising from past acquisitions consist of customer relationships, trademarks and trade names, technology and software, proprietary processes and data and non-competition agreements. we amortize definite-lived intangible assets over their estimated useful lives. definite-lived intangible assets are tested for impairment when impairment indicators are present, and, if impaired, written down to fair value based on either discounted cash flows or appraised values. we have no indefinite-lived intangible assets.
depreciation and amortization of property, equipment and leasehold improvements this category consists of expenses related to depreciating or amortizing the cost of furniture and fixtures, computer and related equipment and leasehold improvements over the estimated useful life of the assets.
other expense (income), net this category consists primarily of interest we pay on our outstanding indebtedness, interest we collect on cash and short-term investments, foreign currency exchange rate gains and losses as well as other non-operating income and expense items, such as losses on early extinguishment of debt and income and losses associated with our equity method investment.
38
non-gaap financial measures adjusted ebitda
"adjusted ebitda," a non-gaap measure used by management to assess operating performance, is defined as net income before (1) provision for income taxes, (2) other expense (income), net, (3) depreciation and amortization of property, equipment and leasehold improvements, (4) amortization of intangible assets and, at times, (5) certain other transactions or adjustments, including the impact related to the vesting of multi-year restricted stock units granted in 2016 to certain senior executives that are subject to the achievement of multi-year total shareholder return targets, which are performance targets with a market condition (the "2016 multi-year psus").
"adjusted ebitda expenses," a non-gaap measure used by management to assess operating performance, is defined as operating expenses less depreciation and amortization of property, equipment and leasehold improvements and amortization of intangible assets and, at times, certain other transactions or adjustments, including the impact related to the vesting of the 2016 multi-year psus.
adjusted ebitda and adjusted ebitda expenses are believed to be meaningful measures of the operating performance of the company because they adjust for significant one-time, unusual or non-recurring items as well as eliminate the accounting effects of certain capital spending and acquisitions that do not directly affect what management considers to be the company's ongoing operating performance in the period. all companies do not calculate adjusted ebitda and adjusted ebitda expenses in the same way. these measures can differ significantly from company to company depending on, among other things, long-term strategic decisions regarding capital structure, the tax jurisdictions in which companies operate and capital investments. accordingly, the company's computation of the adjusted ebitda and adjusted ebitda expenses measures may not be comparable to similarly-titled measures computed by other companies.
run rate run rate is a key operating metric and is important because an increase or decrease in our run rate ultimately impacts our operating revenues over time. at the end of any period, we generally have subscription and investment product license agreements in place for a large portion of total revenues for the following 12 months. we measure the fees related to these agreements and refer to this as "run rate." see "-operating metrics-run rate" below for additional information on the calculation of this metric.
subscription sales subscription sales is a key operating metric and is important because new subscription sales increase our run rate and ultimately our operating revenues over time. see "-operating metrics- sales" below for additional information.
retention rate another key operating metric is retention rate which is important because subscription cancellations decrease our run rate and ultimately our operating revenues over time. see "-operating metrics-retention rate" below for additional information on the calculation of this metric.
critical accounting policies and estimates our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with gaap. these accounting principles require us to make certain estimates and judgments that can affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities as of the date of the consolidated financial statements, as well as the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the periods presented. we believe the estimates and judgments upon which we rely are reasonable based upon information available to us at the time these estimates and judgments are made. to the extent there are material differences between these estimates and actual results, our consolidated financial statements will be affected. see note 1, "introduction and basis of presentation-significant accounting policies," and note 2, "recent accounting standards updates," of the notes to the consolidated financial statements included herein for a listing of our accounting policies.
39
factors affecting the comparability of results share repurchases the board of directors has approved a stock repurchase program for the purchase of the company's common stock. see note 10, "shareholders' equity (deficit)," of the notes to consolidated financial statements included herein for additional information on our stock repurchase program.
the weighted average shares outstanding used to calculate our diluted earnings per share for the year ended december 31, 2020 decreased by 1.2% compared to the year ended december 31, 2019. the decrease primarily reflects the impact of share repurchases made pursuant to the stock repurchase program and the vesting of the restricted stock units that were included in the dilutive share count in the prior year.
senior notes we have an aggregate $3,400.0 million of senior notes outstanding as of december 31, 2020. see "-liquidity and capital resources-senior notes and credit agreement" below and note 5, "commitments and contingencies," of the notes to consolidated financial statements included herein for additional information on our senior notes and revolving credit agreement.
tax cuts and jobs act of 2017
tax reform which was enacted on december 22, 2017, significantly revised the u.s. corporate income tax by, among other things, lowering u.s. corporate income tax rates, implementing a territorial tax system and imposing a one-time tax on deemed repatriation of historic earnings of foreign subsidiaries (the "toll charge").
results of operations year ended december 31, 2020 compared to year ended december 31, 2019
the following table presents the results of operations for the years indicated:
years ended

december 31,                   december 31,
2020                         2019                                                     increase/(decrease)
(in thousands, except per share data)
operating revenues                                     $1,695,390                     $1,557,796                     $137,594                      8.8   %
operating expenses:
cost of revenues                                          291,704                        294,961                       (3,257   )                 (1.1   %)
selling and marketing                                     216,496                        219,298                       (2,802   )                 (1.3   %)
research and development                                  101,053                         98,334                        2,719                      2.8   %
general and administrative                                114,627                        110,093                        4,534                      4.1   %
amortization of intangible assets                          56,941                         49,410                        7,531                     15.2   %
depreciation and amortization of property,                 29,805                         29,999                         (194   )                 (0.6   %)
equipment and leasehold improvements total operating expenses                                  810,626                        802,095                        8,531                      1.1   %
operating income                                          884,764                        755,701                      129,063                     17.1   %
other expense (income), net                               198,539                        152,383                       46,156                     30.3   %
income before provision for income taxes                  686,225                        603,318                       82,907                     13.7   %
provision for income taxes                                 84,403                         39,670                       44,733                    112.8   %
net income                                               $601,822                       $563,648                      $38,174                      6.8   %
earnings per basic common share                             $7.19                          $6.66                        $0.53                      8.0   %
earnings per diluted common share                           $7.12                          $6.59                        $0.53                      8.0   %
operating margin                                             52.2     %                     48.5     %
40
operating revenues our revenues are grouped by the following types: recurring subscriptions, asset-based fees and non-recurring. we also group revenues by major product lines or reportable segment as follows: index, analytics and all other, which includes the esg and real estate product lines.
the following table presents operating revenues by type for the years indicated:
years ended

december 31,               december 31,
2020                           2019                       increase/(decrease)
(in thousands)
recurring subscriptions        $1,248,175                 $1,154,040                 $94,135                           8.2   %
asset-based fees                        399,771                    361,927                  37,844                    10.5   %
non-recurring                            47,444                     41,829                   5,615                    13.4   %
total operating revenues       $1,695,390                 $1,557,796                 $137,594                          8.8   %
total operating revenues grew 8.8% to $1,695.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to $1,557.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. adjusting for the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, total operating revenues would have increased 8.7% for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the year ended december 31, 2019.
revenues from recurring subscriptions increased 8.2% to $1,248.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to $1,154.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, primarily driven by growth in index products, which increased $49.4 million, or 9.3%, growth in esg products, which increased $20.4 million, or 22.8%, and growth in analytics products, which increased $20.0 million, or 4.1%. adjusting for the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, recurring subscriptions would have increased 8.1% for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the year ended december 31, 2019.
revenues from asset-based fees increased 10.5% to $399.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to $361.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the increase in asset-based fees was driven by growth in revenues from all of our indexed investment product categories, including an increase in revenues from exchange traded futures and options contracts linked to msci indexes that were primarily driven by price increases. the increase in revenues from asset-based fees was also driven by higher revenues from non-etf indexed funds linked to msci indexes, which was driven by price increases and an increase in average aum. revenues from etfs linked to msci indexes also increased, driven by an 8.9% increase in average aum in equity etfs linked to msci indexes, partially offset by lower fees resulting from the impact of a change in product mix. the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations on revenues from asset-based fees was negligible.
the following table presents the value of aum in equity etfs linked to msci indexes and the sequential change of such assets as of the end of each of the periods indicated:
period ended

2019                                                                                     2020
(in billions)                                                 march 31,            june 30,         september 30,               december 31,         march 31,               june 30,            september 30,            december 31, aum in equity etfs linked to msci indexes(1), (2), (3)           $802.2              $819.3         $815.0                            $934.4         $709.5                    $825.4                   $908.9                $1,103.6
sequential change in value market appreciation/(depreciation)                                $78.3               $14.9         $(9.2             )                $63.5         $(216.5       )           $117.4                    $57.0                  $135.7
cash inflows                                                       28.3                 2.2         4.9                                 55.9                (8.4   )             (1.5   )                 26.5                    59.0
total change                                                     $106.6               $17.1         $(4.3             )               $119.4         $(224.9       )           $115.9                    $83.5                  $194.7
41
the following table presents the average value of aum in equity etfs linked to msci indexes for the periods indicated:
year-to-date average

2019                                                                        2020
march             june              september           december            march             june              september           december aum in equity etfs linked to msci indexes(1), (2), (3)      $766.0            $788.7            $796.1              $814.4              $877.1            $827.0            $849.1              $886.7
(1)   the historical values of the aum in equity etfs linked to our indexes as of the last day of the month and the monthly average balance can be found under the link "aum in equity etfs linked to msci indexes" on our investor relations homepage at http://ir.msci.com. this information is updated mid-month each month. information contained on our website is not incorporated by reference into this annual report on form 10-k or any other report filed with the sec. the aum in equity etfs also includes aum in exchange traded notes, the value of which is less than 1.0% of the aum amounts presented.

(2)   the values for periods prior to april 26, 2019 were based on data from bloomberg and msci, while the values for periods on or after april 26, 2019 were based on data from refinitiv and msci. de minimis amounts of data are reported on a delayed basis.

(3)   the value of aum in equity etfs linked to msci indexes is calculated by multiplying the equity etf net asset value by the number of shares outstanding.

for the year ended december 31, 2020, the average value of aum in equity etfs linked to msci equity indexes was $886.7 billion, up $72.3 billion, or 8.9%, from $814.4 billion for the year ended december 31, 2019.
non-recurring revenues increased 13.4% to $47.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to $41.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, primarily driven by growth in index products, which increased $8.3 million, or 29.6%, partially offset by a $3.1 million, or 29.5%, decrease in analytics products.
the following table presents operating revenues by reportable segment and revenue type for the years indicated:
years ended

december 31,                 december 31,
2020                             2019                                           increase/(decrease)
(in thousands)
operating revenues:
index recurring subscriptions        $580,393                     $530,968                         $49,425                       9.3    %
asset-based fees                          399,771                    361,927                  37,844                      10.5    %
non-recurring                              36,331                     28,042                   8,289                      29.6    %
index total                             1,016,495                    920,937                  95,558                      10.4    %
analytics recurring subscriptions                   506,301                    486,282                  20,019                       4.1    %
non-recurring                               7,507                     10,643                  (3,136     )               (29.5   %)
analytics total                           513,808                    496,925                  16,883                       3.4    %
all other recurring subscriptions                   161,481                    136,790                  24,691                      18.1    %
non-recurring                               3,606                      3,144                     462                      14.7    %
all other total                           165,087                    139,934                  25,153                      18.0    %
total operating revenues       $1,695,390                   $1,557,796                      $137,594                       8.8    %
refer to the section titled, "segment results of operations" for an explanation of the results.
operating expenses total operating expenses increased 1.1% to $810.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to $802.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. adjusting for the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, total operating expenses would have increased 1.6% for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the year ended december 31, 2019.
42
the following table presents operating expenses by activity for the years indicated:
years ended

december 31,               december 31,
2020                       2019                           increase/(decrease)
(in thousands)
operating expenses:
cost of revenues                                 $291,704                   $294,961                   $(3,257          )               (1.1   %)
selling and marketing                                     216,496                    219,298                 (2,802     )               (1.3   %)
research and development                                  101,053                     98,334                  2,719                      2.8    %
general and administrative                                114,627                    110,093                  4,534                      4.1    %
amortization of intangible assets                          56,941                     49,410                  7,531                     15.2    %
depreciation and amortization of property,                 29,805                     29,999                   (194     )               (0.6   %)
equipment and leasehold improvements total operating expenses                         $810,626                   $802,095                   $8,531                            1.1    %
cost of revenues cost of revenues for the year ended december 31, 2020 decreased 1.1% to $291.7 million compared to $295.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the change was driven by the absence of $7.0 million of payroll tax expense associated with the vesting of the 2016 multi-year psus recognized during the year ended december 31, 2019, partially offset by increases in other compensation and benefits costs, primarily relating to higher wages and salaries, as well as higher non-compensation costs, reflecting higher information technology costs, partially offset by lower travel and entertainment costs. cost of revenues reflects increases across the all other and index reportable segments, partially offset by a decrease in the analytics reportable segment.
selling and marketing selling and marketing expenses for the year ended december 31, 2020 decreased 1.3% to $216.5 million compared to $219.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the change was driven by lower non-compensation costs, including travel and entertainment costs, and the absence of $4.5 million of payroll tax expense associated with the vesting of the 2016 multi-year psus recognized during the year ended december 31, 2019, partially offset by increases in compensation and benefits costs, primarily relating to higher wages and salaries. selling and marketing expenses reflect increases across the all other and analytics reportable segments, partially offset by a decrease in the index reportable segment.
research and development r&d expenses for the year ended december 31, 2020 increased 2.8% to $101.1 million compared to $98.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the change was driven by increases in compensation and benefits costs, including wages and salaries and benefits costs. r&d expenses reflect higher investments in the all other and index reportable segments, partially offset by lower investment in the analytics reportable segment.
general and administrative g&a expenses for the year ended december 31, 2020 increased 4.1% to $114.6 million compared to $110.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the change was driven by increases in compensation and benefits costs, primarily relating to higher incentive compensation and wages and salaries, partially offset by the absence of $3.5 million of payroll tax expense associated with the vesting of the 2016 multi-year psus recognized during the year ended december 31, 2019 and lower non-compensation costs. g&a expenses reflect increases across all three reportable segments.
43
the following table presents operating expenses using compensation and non-compensation categories, rather than using activity categories, for the years indicated:
years ended

december 31,               december 31,
2020                       2019                           increase/(decrease)
(in thousands)
compensation and benefits                        $527,641                   $518,730                   $8,911                            1.7    %
non-compensation expenses                                 196,239                    203,956                 (7,717     )               (3.8   %)
amortization of intangible assets                          56,941                     49,410                  7,531                     15.2    %
depreciation and amortization of property,                 29,805                     29,999                   (194     )               (0.6   %)
equipment and leasehold improvements total operating expenses                         $810,626                   $802,095                   $8,531                            1.1    %
compensation and benefits costs are our most significant expense and typically represent approximately 65% of operating expenses or more than 70% of adjusted ebitda expenses. we had 3,633 employees as of december 31, 2020 compared to 3,396 employees as of december 31, 2019, reflecting a 7.0% growth in the number of employees. continued growth of our emerging market centers around the world is an important factor in our ability to manage and control the growth of our compensation and benefits costs. as of december 31, 2020, 64.6% of our employees were located in emerging market centers compared to 62.9% as of december 31, 2019.
compensation and benefits costs for the year ended december 31, 2020 increased 1.7% to $527.6 million compared to $518.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, driven by higher wages and salaries, incentive compensation and benefits costs, partially offset by the absence of $15.4 million of payroll tax expense associated with the vesting of the 2016 multi-year psus recognized during the year ended december 31, 2019.
non-compensation expenses for the year ended december 31, 2020 decreased 3.8% to $196.2 million compared to $204.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, primarily driven by lower travel and entertainment and marketing costs, partially offset by higher information technology costs.
amortization of intangible assets amortization of intangible assets expense for the year ended december 31, 2020 increased 15.2% to $56.9 million compared to $49.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, primarily driven by higher amortization of internally-developed capitalized software.
depreciation and amortization of property, equipment and leasehold improvements depreciation and amortization of property, equipment and leasehold improvements for the year ended december 31, 2020 and 2019 was $29.8 million and $30.0 million, respectively.
other expense (income), net other expense (income), net for the year ended december 31, 2020 increased 30.3% to $198.5 million compared to $152.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the increase in net expenses was primarily driven by the $35.0 million and $10.0 million loss on debt extinguishment associated with the redemption of all of the outstanding $800.0 million aggregate principal amount of the 2025 senior notes ("2025 senior notes redemption") and the redemption of all of the remaining $300.0 million of the 2024 senior notes ("2024 senior notes redemption"), respectively. the loss on debt extinguishment associated with the 2025 senior notes included an applicable premium of approximately $29.5 million (as defined in the indenture governing the terms of the 2025 senior notes) and the write-off of approximately $5.5 million of unamortized debt issuance costs. the loss on debt extinguishment associated with the 2024 senior notes redemption included a redemption price of approximately $7.9 million (as set forth in the indenture governing the terms of the 2024 senior notes) and the write-off of approximately $2.1 million of unamortized debt issuance costs. in addition, the increase reflects higher interest expense associated with the higher outstanding debt and lower interest income due to lower rates earned on cash balances, offset by the absence of the $16.8 million loss on extinguishment associated with the partial pre-maturity redemption of the 2024 senior notes recognized during the year ended december 31, 2019.
44
income taxes the provision for income tax is $84.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to $39.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. these amounts reflect effective tax rates of 12.3% and 6.6% for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
the effective tax rate of 12.3% for the year ended december 31, 2020 reflects the impact of certain discrete items totaling $47.9 million. these discrete items primarily relate to $22.2 million of excess tax benefits recognized on the vesting of equity awards during the period and $20.8 million released during the year related to the favorable impact on prior years from final regulations clarifying certain provisions of tax reform. also included in the discrete items is a $6.3 million benefit related to the revaluation of the cost of deemed repatriation of foreign earnings.
the effective tax rate of 6.6% for the year ended december 31, 2019 reflects the impact of certain favorable discrete items totaling $85.7 million. these discrete items primarily relate to $66.6 million of excess tax benefits recognized upon vesting of the 2016 multi-year psus and $16.1 million of excess tax benefits on other share-based compensation recognized during the period. in addition, the effective tax rate was impacted by a beneficial geographic mix of earnings.
net income as a result of the factors described above, net income for the year ended december 31, 2020 increased 6.8% to $601.8 million compared to $563.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2019.
adjusted ebitda the following table presents the calculation of the non-gaap adjusted ebitda measure for the years indicated:
years ended

december 31,               december 31,
2020                       2019                           increase/(decrease)
(in thousands)
operating revenues:                  $1,695,390                 $1,557,796           $137,594                          8.8   %
adjusted ebitda expenses                723,880                    707,297                  16,583                     2.3   %
adjusted ebitda                        $971,510                   $850,499           $121,011                         14.2   %
adjusted ebitda margin %                   57.3   %                   54.6   %
operating margin %                         52.2   %                   48.5   %
adjusted ebitda increased 14.2% to $971.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to $850.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. adjusted ebitda margin increased to 57.3% for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to 54.6% for the year ended december 31, 2019. the increase in adjusted ebitda margin reflects a higher rate of growth in operating revenues as compared to the rate of growth of adjusted ebitda expenses.
45
reconciliation of adjusted ebitda to net income and adjusted ebitda expenses to operating expenses the following table presents the reconciliation of adjusted ebitda to net income for the years indicated:
years ended

december 31,               december 31,
2020                       2019                           increase/(decrease)
(in thousands)
index adjusted ebitda                                $766,493                   $670,188                   $96,305                             14.4    %
analytics adjusted ebitda                                     172,924                    152,113                  20,811                       13.7    %
all other adjusted ebitda                                      32,093                     28,198                   3,895                       13.8    %
consolidated adjusted ebitda                                  971,510                    850,499                 121,011                       14.2    %
2016 multi-year psus grant payroll tax expense                      -                     15,389                 (15,389     )               (100.0   %)
amortization of intangible assets                              56,941                     49,410                   7,531                       15.2    %
depreciation and amortization of property,                     29,805                     29,999                    (194     )                 (0.6   %)
equipment and leasehold improvements operating income                                              884,764                    755,701                 129,063                       17.1    %
other expense (income), net                                   198,539                    152,383                  46,156                       30.3    %
provision for income taxes                                     84,403                     39,670                  44,733                      112.8    %
net income                                           $601,822                   $563,648                   $38,174                              6.8    %
the following table presents the reconciliation of adjusted ebitda expenses to operating expenses for the years indicated:
years ended

december 31,               december 31,
2020                       2019                           increase/(decrease)
(in thousands)
index adjusted ebitda expenses                       $250,002                   $250,749                   $(747             )                 (0.3   %)
analytics adjusted ebitda expenses                            340,884                    344,812                  (3,928     )                 (1.1   %)
all other adjusted ebitda expenses                            132,994                    111,736                  21,258                       19.0    %
consolidated adjusted ebitda expenses                         723,880                    707,297                  16,583                        2.3    %
2016 multi-year psus grant payroll tax expense                      -                     15,389                 (15,389     )               (100.0   %)
amortization of intangible assets                              56,941                     49,410                   7,531                       15.2    %
depreciation and amortization of property,                     29,805                     29,999                    (194     )                 (0.6   %)
equipment and leasehold improvements total operating expenses                             $810,626                   $802,095                   $8,531                               1.1    %
46
segment results the results for each of our three reportable segments for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019 are presented below:
index segment the following table presents the results for the index segment for the years indicated:
years ended

december 31,               december 31,
2020                         2019                           increase/(decrease)
(in thousands)
operating revenues:
recurring subscriptions                  $580,393                   $530,968           $49,425                           9.3   %
asset-based fees                          399,771                    361,927                 37,844                     10.5   %
non-recurring                              36,331                     28,042                  8,289                     29.6   %
operating revenues total                1,016,495                    920,937                 95,558                     10.4   %
adjusted ebitda expenses                  250,002                    250,749                   (747   )                 (0.3   %)
adjusted ebitda                          $766,493                   $670,188           $96,305                          14.4   %
adjusted ebitda margin %                     75.4   %                   72.8   %
revenues related to index products increased 10.4% to $1,016.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to $920.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2019.
revenues from recurring subscriptions were up 9.3% to $580.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to $531.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the increase was primarily driven by growth in market cap-weighted index products, strong growth in factor, esg and climate and in custom index products. the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations on revenues from recurring subscriptions was negligible.
revenues from asset-based fees increased 10.5% to $399.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to $361.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the increase in asset-based fees was driven by growth in revenues from all of our indexed investment product categories, including an increase in revenues from exchange traded futures and options contracts linked to msci indexes that were primarily driven by price increases. the increase in revenues from asset-based fees was also driven by higher revenues from non-etf indexed funds linked to msci indexes, which was driven by price increases and an increase in average aum. revenues from etfs linked to msci indexes also increased, driven by an 8.9% increase in average aum in equity etfs linked to msci indexes, partially offset by a change in fee levels of certain products as well as change in product mix. the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations on revenues from asset-based fees was negligible.
index segment adjusted ebitda expenses decreased 0.3% to $250.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to $250.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, reflecting lower expenses across selling and marketing expense activity category, partially offset by higher expenses across the g&a, cost of revenues and r&d expense activity categories. adjusting for the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, adjusted ebitda expenses would have increased 0.2% for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the year ended december 31, 2019.
47
analytics segment the following table presents the results for the analytics segment for the years indicated:
years ended

december 31,               december 31,
2020                       2019                           increase/(decrease)
(in thousands)
operating revenues:
recurring subscriptions                $506,301                   $486,282           $20,019                            4.1   %
non-recurring                             7,507                     10,643                 (3,136   )                 (29.5   %)
operating revenues total                513,808                    496,925                 16,883                       3.4   %
adjusted ebitda expenses                340,884                    344,812                 (3,928   )                  (1.1   %)
adjusted ebitda                        $172,924                   $152,113           $20,811                           13.7   %
adjusted ebitda margin %                   33.7   %                   30.6   %
analytics segment revenues increased 3.4% to $513.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to $496.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, primarily driven by growth in multi-asset class analytics products. adjusting for the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, analytics segment revenues would have increased 3.3% for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the year ended december 31, 2019.
analytics segment adjusted ebitda expenses decreased 1.1% to $340.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to $344.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, primarily driven by lower expenses across the cost of revenues and r&d expense activity categories, partially offset by higher expenses across the selling and marketing and g&a expense activity categories. adjusting for the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, adjusted ebitda expenses would have decreased 0.4% for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the year ended december 31, 2019.
all other segment the following table presents the results for the all other segment, which consists of the esg and real estate product lines, for the years indicated:
years ended

december 31,               december 31,
2020                       2019                                            increase/(decrease)
(in thousands)
operating revenues:
recurring subscriptions                $161,481                   $136,790                $24,691                    18.1   %
non-recurring                             3,606                      3,144                    462                    14.7   %
operating revenues total                165,087                    139,934                 25,153                    18.0   %
adjusted ebitda expenses                132,994                    111,736                 21,258                    19.0   %
adjusted ebitda                         $32,093                    $28,198                 $3,895                    13.8   %
adjusted ebitda margin %                   19.4   %                   20.2   %
all other segment revenues increased 18.0% to $165.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to $139.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the increase in all other revenues was driven by a $20.7 million, or 22.8%, increase in esg revenues to $111.4 million and by a $4.5 million, or 9.0%, increase in real estate revenues to $53.7 million. the increase in esg revenues was driven by strong growth in the ratings, climate and screening products. the increase in real estate revenues was driven by growth in enterprise analytics and global intel products. adjusting for the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, all other operating revenues would have increased 17.7%, esg revenues would have increased 22.3% and real estate revenues would have increased 9.2% for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the year ended december 31, 2019.
all other segment adjusted ebitda expenses increased 19.0% to $133.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to $111.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, driven by higher expenses attributable mostly to esg operations. adjusting for the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations,
48
adjusted ebitda expenses would have increased 19.3% for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the year ended december 31, 2019.
operating metrics run rate
"run rate" estimates at a particular point in time the annualized value of the recurring revenues under our client license agreements ("client contracts") for the next 12 months, assuming all client contracts that come up for renewal are renewed and assuming then-current currency exchange rates, subject to the adjustments and exclusions described below.  for any client contract where fees are linked to an investment product's assets or trading volume/fees, the run rate calculation reflects, for etfs, the market value on the last trading day of the period, for futures and options, the most recent quarterly volumes and/or reported exchange fees, and for other non-etf products, the most recent client-reported assets. run rate does not include fees associated with "one-time" and other non-recurring transactions.  in addition, we add to run rate the annualized fee value of recurring new sales, whether to existing or new clients, when we execute client contracts, even though the license start date, and associated revenue recognition, may not be effective until a later date. we remove from run rate the annualized fee value associated with products or services under any client contract with respect to which we have received a notice of termination or non-renewal during the period and have determined that such notice evidences the client's final decision to terminate or not renew the applicable products or services, even though such notice is not effective until a later date.
changes in our recurring revenues typically lag changes in run rate. the actual amount of recurring revenues we will realize over the following 12 months will differ from run rate for numerous reasons, including:
•   fluctuations in revenues associated with new recurring sales;

•   modifications, cancellations and non-renewals of existing client contracts, subject to specified notice requirements;

•   differences between the recurring license start date and the date the client contract is executed due to, for example, contracts with onboarding periods or fee waiver periods;

•   fluctuations in asset-based fees, which may result from changes in certain investment products' total expense ratios, market movements, including foreign currency exchange rates, or from investment inflows into and outflows from investment products linked to our indexes;

•   fluctuations in fees based on trading volumes of futures and options contracts linked to our indexes;

•   fluctuations in the number of hedge funds for which we provide investment information and risk analysis to hedge fund investors;

•   price changes or discounts;

•   revenue recognition differences under u.s. gaap, including those related to the timing of implementation and report deliveries for certain of our products and services;

•   fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates; and

•   the impact of acquisitions and divestitures.

49
the following table presents run rates by reportable segment as of the dates indicated and the growth percentages over the years indicated:
as of

december 31,               december 31,
2020                       2019             increase/(decrease)
(in thousands)
index:
recurring subscriptions                   $618,391                   $559,257                            10.6   %
asset-based fees                           464,108                    396,140                            17.2   %
index total                              1,082,499                    955,397                            13.3   %
analytics                                  555,145                    526,845                             5.4   %
all other                                  194,816                    152,247                            28.0   %
total run rate                          $1,832,460                 $1,634,489                            12.1   %
recurring subscriptions total           $1,368,352                 $1,238,349                            10.5   %
asset-based fees                           464,108                    396,140                            17.2   %
total run rate                          $1,832,460                 $1,634,489                            12.1   %
total run rate grew 12.1% to $1,832.5 million as of december 31, 2020 compared to $1,634.5 million as of december 31, 2019. recurring subscription run rate grew 10.5% to $1,368.4 million as of december 31, 2020 compared to $1,238.3 million as of december 31, 2019. adjusting for the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, recurring subscription run rate would have increased 9.4% as of december 31, 2020 compared to december 31, 2019.
run rate from asset-based fees increased 17.2% to $464.1 million as of december 31, 2020, from $396.1 million as of december 31, 2019, driven by higher aum in equity etfs linked to msci indexes, higher prices in futures and options and higher prices in non-etf indexed funds linked to msci indexes. partially offsetting the impact of the increase in aum in equity etfs linked to msci indexes was a change in fee levels of certain products as well as change in product mix, which was the primary driver of a decline in average basis point fees to 2.67 at december 31, 2020 from 2.82 at december 31, 2019. as of december 31, 2020, the value of aum in equity etfs linked to msci indexes was $1,103.6 billion, up $169.2 billion, or 18.1%, from $934.4 billion as of december 31, 2019. the increase of $169.2 billion consisted of market appreciation of $93.6 billion and net inflows of $75.6 billion.
index recurring subscription run rate grew 10.6% to $618.4 million as of december 31, 2020 compared to $559.3 million as of december 31, 2019, primarily driven by strong growth in market cap-weighted index products, custom and specialized index products and factor and esg and climate index products.
run rate from analytics products increased 5.4% to $555.1 million as of december 31, 2020 compared to $526.8 million as of december 31, 2019, driven by growth in both multi-asset class and equity analytics products. adjusting for the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, analytics run rate would have increased 4.0% as of december 31, 2020 compared to december 31, 2019.
run rate from all other products increased 28.0% to $194.8 million as of december 31, 2020 compared to $152.2 million as of december 31, 2019. the $42.6 million increase was primarily driven by a $36.9 million, or 36.4%, increase in esg run rate to $138.3 million, and a $5.7 million, or 11.2%, increase in real estate run rate to $56.5 million. the increase in esg run rate was primarily driven by strong growth in ratings and climate products. the increase in real estate run rate was driven by growth in both enterprise analytics and global intel products. adjusting for the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, all other run rate would have increased 23.9%, esg run rate would have increased 32.6% and real estate run rate would have increased 6.6% as of december 31, 2020 compared to december 31, 2019.
sales sales represents the annualized value of products and services clients commit to purchase from msci and will result in additional operating revenues. non-recurring sales represent the actual value of the customer agreements entered into during the period and are not a component of run rate. new recurring subscription sales represent
50
additional selling activities, such as new customer agreements, additions to existing agreements or increases in price that occurred during the period and are additions to run rate. subscription cancellations reflect client activities during the period, such as discontinuing products and services and/or reductions in price, resulting in reductions to run rate. net new recurring subscription sales represent the amount of new recurring subscription sales net of subscription cancellations during the period, which reflects the net impact to run rate during the period.
total gross sales represent the sum of new recurring subscription sales and non-recurring sales. total net sales represent the total gross sales net of the impact from subscription cancellations.
the following table presents our recurring subscription sales, cancellations and non-recurring sales by reportable segment for the years indicated:
years ended

december 31,               december 31,
2020                       2019                             increase/(decrease)
(in thousands)
new recurring subscription sales index                                                     $85,411                    $78,325                             9.0    %
analytics                                                  61,538                     66,992                            (8.1   %)
all other                                                  46,907                     32,552                            44.1    %
new recurring subscription sales total                    193,856                    177,869                             9.0    %
subscription cancellations index                                                     (27,398   )                (21,767   )                        25.9    %
analytics                                                 (40,003   )                (31,623   )                        26.5    %
all other                                                  (8,380   )                 (6,468   )                        29.6    %
subscription cancellations total                          (75,781   )                (59,858   )                        26.6    %
net new recurring subscription sales index                                                      58,013                     56,558                             2.6    %
analytics                                                  21,535                     35,369                           (39.1   %)
all other                                                  38,527                     26,084                            47.7    %
net new recurring subscription sales total                118,075                    118,011                             0.1    %
non-recurring sales index                                                      41,463                     30,262                            37.0    %
analytics                                                  10,996                     15,947                           (31.0   %)
all other                                                   2,576                      2,890                           (10.9   %)
non-recurring sales total                                  55,035                     49,099                            12.1    %
gross sales index                                                    $126,874                   $108,587                            16.8    %
analytics                                                  72,534                     82,939                           (12.5   %)
all other                                                  49,483                     35,442                            39.6    %
total gross sales                                        $248,891                   $226,968                             9.7    %
net sales index                                                     $99,476                    $86,820                            14.6    %
analytics                                                  32,531                     51,316                           (36.6   %)
all other                                                  41,103                     28,974                            41.9    %
total net sales                                          $173,110                   $167,110                             3.6    %
51
retention rate another key metric is our "retention rate." the following table presents our retention rate by reportable segment and product category for the periods indicated for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019:
index         analytics         all other         total

2020
three months ended march 31,          96.3   %          93.7   %          94.6   %      95.0   %
three months ended june 30,           94.7   %          92.0   %          94.1   %      93.5   %
three months ended september 30,      95.0   %          93.8   %          95.1   %      94.5   %
three months ended december 31,       94.4   %          90.1   %          94.2   %      92.6   %
year ended december 31,               95.1   %          92.4   %          94.5   %      93.9   %
2019
three months ended march 31,          96.5   %          93.7   %          95.9   %      95.2   %
three months ended june 30,           97.1   %          94.2   %          93.9   %      95.5   %
three months ended september 30,      96.0   %          93.6   %          96.8   %      95.0   %
three months ended december 31,       93.0   %          92.8   %          92.7   %      92.9   %
year ended december 31,               95.7   %          93.6   %          94.8   %      94.7   %
retention rate is an important metric because subscription cancellations decrease our run rate and ultimately our operating revenues over time. the annual retention rate represents the retained subscription run rate (subscription run rate at the beginning of the fiscal year less actual cancels during the year) as a percentage of the subscription run rate at the beginning of the fiscal year.
the retention rate for a non-annual period is calculated by annualizing the cancellations for which we have received a notice of termination or for which we believe there is an intention not to renew during the non-annual period, and we believe that such notice or intention evidences the client's final decision to terminate or not renew the applicable agreement, even though such notice is not effective until a later date. this annualized cancellation figure is then divided by the subscription run rate at the beginning of the fiscal year to calculate a cancellation rate. this cancellation rate is then subtracted from 100% to derive the annualized retention rate for the period.
for example, in the fourth quarter of 2020, we recorded cancellations of $23.0 million. to derive the retention rate for the fourth quarter, we annualized the actual cancellations during the quarter of $23.0 million to derive $92.1 million of annualized cancellations. this $92.1 million was then divided by the $1,238.3 million subscription run rate at the beginning of the year to derive a cancellation rate of 7.4%. the 7.4% was then subtracted from 100.0% to derive a retention rate of 92.6% for the fourth quarter.
retention rate is computed by operating segment on a product/service-by-product/service basis. in general, if a client reduces the number of products or services to which it subscribes within a segment, or switches between products or services within a segment, we treat it as a cancellation for purposes of calculating our retention rate except in the case of a product or service switch that management considers to be a replacement product or service. in those replacement cases, only the net change to the client subscription, if a decrease, is reported as a cancel.  in the analytics and the esg operating segments, substantially all product or service switches are treated as replacement products or services and netted in this manner, while in our index and real estate operating segments, product or service switches that are treated as replacement products or services and receive netting treatment occur only in certain limited instances. in addition, we treat any reduction in fees resulting from a down-sale of the same product or service as a cancellation to the extent of the reduction. we do not calculate retention rate for that portion of our run rate attributable to assets in indexed investment products or futures and options contracts, in each case, linked to our indexes.
for the year ended december 31, 2020, 30.4% of our cancellations occurred in the fourth quarter. in our product lines, retention rate is generally higher during the first three quarters and lower in the fourth quarter, as the fourth quarter is traditionally the largest renewal period in the year.
52
liquidity and capital resources we require capital to fund ongoing operations, internal growth initiatives and acquisitions. our primary sources of liquidity are cash flows generated from our operations, existing cash and cash equivalents and credit capacity under our existing credit facilities. in addition, we believe we have access to additional funding in the public and private markets. we intend to use these sources of liquidity to, among other things, service our existing and future debt obligations, fund our working capital requirements for capital expenditures, investments, acquisitions, dividend payments and repurchases of our common stock. in connection with our business strategy, we regularly evaluate acquisition and strategic partnership opportunities. we believe our liquidity, along with other financing alternatives, will provide the necessary capital to fund these transactions and achieve our planned growth.
senior notes and credit agreement we have an aggregate of $3,400.0 million in senior unsecured notes (collectively, the "senior notes") outstanding and a $400.0 million undrawn revolving credit agreement with a syndicate of banks as of december 31, 2020. see note 5, "commitments and contingencies," of the notes to consolidated financial statements included herein for additional information on our senior notes and revolving credit agreement.
the senior notes and the revolving credit agreement are fully and unconditionally, and jointly and severally, guaranteed by our direct or indirect wholly-owned domestic subsidiaries that account for more than 5% of our and our subsidiaries' consolidated assets, other than certain excluded subsidiaries (the "subsidiary guarantors"). amounts due under the revolving credit agreement are our and the subsidiary guarantors' senior unsecured obligations and rank equally with the senior notes and any of our other unsecured, unsubordinated debt, senior to any of our subordinated debt and effectively subordinated to our secured debt to the extent of the assets securing such debt.
the indentures governing our senior notes (the "indentures") among us, each of the subsidiary guarantors, and wells fargo bank, national association, as trustee, contain covenants that limit our and certain of our subsidiaries' ability to, among other things, incur liens, enter into sale/leaseback transactions and consolidate, merge or sell all or substantially all of our assets. in addition, the indentures restrict our non-guarantor subsidiaries' ability to create, assume, incur or guarantee additional indebtedness without such non-guarantor subsidiaries guaranteeing the senior notes on a pari passu basis.
the revolving credit agreement contains affirmative and restrictive covenants that, among other things, limit our ability and the ability of our existing or future subsidiaries to:
•   incur liens and further negative pledges;

•   incur additional indebtedness or prepay, redeem or repurchase indebtedness;

•   make loans or hold investments;

•   merge, dissolve, liquidate, consolidate with or into another person;

•   enter into acquisition transactions;

•   enter into sale/leaseback transactions;

•   issue disqualified capital stock;

•   sell, transfer or dispose of assets;

•   pay dividends or make other distributions in respect of our capital stock or engage in stock repurchases, redemptions and other restricted payments;

•   create new subsidiaries;

•   permit certain restrictions affecting our subsidiaries;

•   change the nature of our business, accounting policies or fiscal periods;

53
•   enter into any transactions with affiliates other than on an arm's-length basis; and

•   amend our organizational documents or amend, modify or change the terms of certain agreements relating to our indebtedness.

the revolving credit agreement and the indentures also contain customary events of default, including those relating to non-payment, breach of representations, warranties or covenants, cross-default and cross-acceleration, bankruptcy and insolvency events, invalidity or impairment of loan documentation or collateral, change of control and customary erisa defaults. none of the restrictions above are expected to impact our ability to effectively operate the business.
the revolving credit agreement also requires us and our subsidiaries to achieve financial and operating results sufficient to maintain compliance with the following financial ratios on a consolidated basis through the termination of the revolving credit agreement: (1) the maximum consolidated leverage ratio (as defined in the revolving credit agreement) measured quarterly on a rolling four-quarter basis shall not exceed 4.25:1.00 and (2) the minimum consolidated interest coverage ratio (as defined in the revolving credit agreement) measured quarterly on a rolling four-quarter basis shall be at least 4.00:1.00. as of december 31, 2020, our consolidated leverage ratio was 3.21:1.00 and our consolidated interest coverage ratio was 6.29:1.00. as of december 31, 2020, there were no amounts drawn and outstanding under the revolving credit agreement.
our non-guarantor subsidiaries under the senior notes consist of: (i) domestic subsidiaries of the company that account for 5% or less of consolidated assets of the company and its subsidiaries and (ii) any foreign or domestic subsidiary of the company that is deemed to be a controlled foreign corporation within the meaning of section 957 of the internal revenue code of 1986, as amended. our non-guarantor subsidiaries accounted for approximately $989.3 million, or 58.4%, of our total revenue for the 12 months ended december 31, 2020, approximately $351.7 million, or 39.8%, of our consolidated operating income for the 12 months ended december 31, 2020, and approximately $1,065.4 million, or 25.3%, of our consolidated total assets (excluding intercompany assets) and $756.9 million, or 16.3%, of our consolidated total liabilities, in each case as of december 31, 2020.
share repurchases the board of directors has approved a stock repurchase program for the purchase of the company's common stock in the open market. see note 10, "shareholders' equity (deficit)," of the notes to consolidated financial statements included herein for additional information on our stock repurchase program.
as of february 5, 2021, a total of $1,728.8 million remained available on the share repurchase authorization. this authorization may be modified, suspended or terminated by the board of directors at any time without prior notice.
cash dividends on september 17, 2014, our board of directors approved a plan to initiate a regular quarterly cash dividend to our shareholders. on october 30, 2014, we began paying regular quarterly cash dividends and have paid such dividends each quarter thereafter.
on january 25, 2021, the board of directors declared a quarterly dividend of $0.78 per share of common stock to be paid on february 26, 2021 to shareholders of record as of the close of trading on february 19, 2021.
cash flows the following table presents the company's cash and cash equivalents as of the dates indicated:
as of

december 31,                december 31,
2020                        2019
(in thousands)
cash and cash equivalents   $1,300,521                  $1,506,567
54
the following table presents the breakdown of the company's cash flows for the periods indicated:
years ended

december 31,                  december 31,
2020                     2019
(in thousands)
net cash provided by operating activities   $811,109                      $709,523
net cash used in investing activities                (241,791    )                 (71,937   )
net cash used in financing activities                (779,038    )                 (36,667   )
effect of exchange rate changes                         3,674                        1,472
net (decrease) increase in cash             $(206,046            )        $602,391
cash and cash equivalents cash and cash equivalents were $1,300.5 million and $1,506.6 million as of december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. we typically seek to maintain minimum cash balances globally of approximately $200.0 million to $250.0 million for general operating purposes but may maintain higher minimum cash balances while the covid-19 pandemic continues to impact global economic markets. as of december 31, 2020 and 2019, $423.4 million and $321.2 million, respectively, of the cash and cash equivalents were held by foreign subsidiaries. as a result of tax reform, we can now more efficiently access a significant portion of our cash held outside of the u.s. in the short-term without being subject to u.s. income taxes. repatriation of some foreign cash may be subject to certain withholding taxes in local jurisdictions and other distribution restrictions. the global cash and cash equivalent balances that are maintained will be available to meet our global needs whether for general corporate purpose or other needs, including acquisitions or expansion of our products.
cash flows from operating activities cash flows from operating activities consist of net income adjusted for certain non-cash items and changes in assets and liabilities. cash provided by operating activities was $811.1 million and $709.5 million for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. the year-over-year increase was primarily driven by higher cash collections from customers, partially offset by higher payments for income taxes, interest and cash expenses.
our primary uses of cash from operating activities are for the payment of cash compensation expenses, office rent, technology costs, market data costs, interest expenses and income taxes. historically, the payment of cash for compensation and benefits is at its highest level in the first quarter when we pay discretionary employee compensation related to the previous fiscal year.
cash flows from investing activities cash used in investing activities was $241.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to $71.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the year-over-year change was primarily driven by the $190.8 million investment in burgiss.
cash flows from financing activities cash used in financing activities was $779.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to $36.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the year-over-year change was primarily driven by higher share repurchases, the impact of the 2024 senior notes redemption and the 2025 senior notes redemption, partially offset by the impact of new senior notes offerings made during the periods.
we believe that global cash flows from operations, together with existing cash and cash equivalents and funds available under our existing credit facility and our ability to access the debt and capital markets for additional funds, will continue to be sufficient to fund our global operating activities and cash commitments for investing and financing activities, such as material capital expenditures and share repurchases, for at least the 12 months following issuance of this form 10-k and for the foreseeable future thereafter. in addition, we expect that foreign cash flows from operations, together with existing cash and cash equivalents, will continue to be sufficient to fund our foreign operating activities and cash commitments for investing activities, such as material capital expenditures, for at least the 12 months following issuance of this form 10-k and for the foreseeable future thereafter.
55
contractual obligations our contractual obligations consist primarily of our debt obligations arising from the issuance of the senior notes, leases for office space, leases for equipment and other operating leases and obligations to vendors arising out of market data contracts. the following table summarizes our contractual obligations for the periods indicated as of december 31, 2020:
years ending december 31,

(in thousands)                  total               2021                     2022                     2023                     2024                     2025                 thereafter senior notes (1)                        4,617,760              143,875                  143,875                  143,875                  143,875                  143,875           3,898,385
operating leases                          204,602               28,201                   26,188                   25,022                   19,659                   19,170              86,362
vendor obligations                        158,800               54,457                   28,650                   25,998                   23,982                   12,797              12,916
other obligations (2)                      19,391                    -                        -                        -                    1,465                    7,967               9,959
total contractual obligations   $5,000,553                    $226,533                 $198,713                 $194,895                 $188,981                 $183,809   $4,007,622
(1)   includes the impact of payments for the principal amount on the $500.0 million aggregate principal amount of 4.750% senior unsecured notes due 2026 (the "2026 senior notes"), the 2027 senior notes, the 2029 senior notes, the 2030 senior notes and the 2031 senior notes plus interest based on the 4.75%, 5.375%, 4.00%, 3.625% and 3.875% coupon interest rates, respectively.

(2)   primarily includes amounts payable related to the estimated toll charge. the toll charge is included within "other non-current liabilities" in our consolidated statements of financial condition.

the obligations related to our uncertain tax positions, which are not considered material, have been excluded from the table above because of the uncertainty surrounding the timing and final amounts of any settlement.
off-balance sheet arrangements at december 31, 2020 and 2019, we did not have any relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, such as entities often referred to as structured finance or special purpose entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes.
recent accounting standards updates see note 2, "recent accounting standards updates," of the notes to the consolidated financial statements included herein for further information.
