item 1a: risk factors you should carefully consider the risks described below in addition to our other filings with the sec and the other information set forth in this form 10-k, including the "management's discussion and analysis of financial conditions and results of operations" section in part ii. item 7 and our consolidated financial statements in part ii. item 8. if any of the risks and uncertainties described in the cautionary factors described below actually occur or continue to occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations and the trading price of our common stock could be materially and adversely affected. covid-19 amplifies and exacerbates many of the risks we face in our business operations, including those discussed below. moreover, the risks below are not the only risks we face and additional risks not currently known to us or that we presently deem immaterial may emerge or become material at any time and may negatively impact our business, reputation, financial condition, results of operations or the trading price of our common stock.
risks related to laws and regulations we are subject to complex and changing laws and regulations in various jurisdictions regarding privacy, data protection and information security, which exposes us to increased costs and potential liabilities in the event of any actual or perceived failure to comply with such legal obligations and could adversely affect our business.
the european union ("e.u.") adopted the general data protection regulation ("gdpr") which took effect on may 25, 2018 harmonizing data protection laws across the e.u. the gdpr strengthens individual privacy rights and enhances data protection obligations for processors and controllers of personal data. this includes expanded disclosures about how personal information is to be used, limitations on retention of information and mandatory data breach notification requirements. noncompliance with the gdpr can trigger significant fines.
also, u.s. federal, state and other foreign governments and agencies have adopted or are considering adopting laws and regulations regarding the collection, storage, use, processing and disclosure of personal data. state governments within the u.s. are starting to enact their own versions of "gdpr-like" privacy legislation which will create additional compliance challenges, risk, and administrative burden (e.g., the california consumer protection act ("ccpa") which went into effect on january 1, 2020). even though comprehensive u.s. federal privacy legislation is being discussed seriously by lawmakers and other stakeholders, it is possible that a one-size fits all compliance program may be difficult to achieve/manage globally.
because the interpretation and application of privacy and data protection laws are complex and still uncertain, it is possible that these laws may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our existing practices or the features of our products, software and services. cloud-based solutions may be subject to further regulation, including data localization requirements and other restrictions concerning international transfer of data, the operational and cost impact of which cannot be fully known at this time.
any failure or perceived failure by us, our business partners, or third party service providers to comply with gdpr, ccpa, other related privacy and security-related or data protection laws, regulations and standards, or the privacy commitments in contracts could result in proceedings against us by governmental entities or others and significant fines, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and operating results and harm our reputation.
further, some countries have or are considering legislation requiring local storage and processing of data that, if enacted, could increase the cost and complexity of offering our products, software and services or maintaining our business operations in those jurisdictions.
existing or future legislation and regulations pertaining to ai and ai-enabled products (e.g., facial recognition technology) that apply to us or to our customers may make it more challenging, costly, or in some cases prohibit certain products or services from being offered or modified, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. we could suffer reputational damage from negative publicity related to products and services that utilize ai, which could also adversely affect our business and results of operations.
current or future privacy-related legislation and governmental regulations pertaining to ai and ai-enabled products may affect how our business is conducted. legislation and governmental regulations related to ai may also influence our current and prospective customers' activities, as well as their expectations and needs in relation to our products and services. compliance with these laws and regulations may be onerous and expensive, and may be inconsistent from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, further increasing the cost of compliance. any such increase in costs as a result of changes in these laws and regulations or in their interpretation could individually or in the aggregate make our products and services that use ai technologies less attractive to our customers, delay the introduction of new products, in one or more regions, cause us to change or limit our business practices or affect our financial condition and operating results.
we envision a future in which ai operating in our products and services will help our public safety and private sector customers build safer communities with stronger communication platforms. ai may be flawed and datasets may be insufficient or contain biased information. as we work to responsibly meet our customers' needs for products and services that use ai, we could suffer reputational damage as a result of any inconsistencies in the application of the technology or ethical concerns both of which may generate negative publicity.
government regulation of radio frequencies may limit the growth of private and public safety narrowband and broadband systems or reduce barriers to entry for new competitors.
radio spectrum is required to provide wireless voice, data, and video communications service. the allocation of frequencies is regulated in the u.s. and other countries and limited spectrum is allocated to wireless services, including commercial and public safety users. the global demand for wireless communications has grown exponentially, and spurred competition for access among various networks and users. in response, regulators are reassessing the allocations of spectrum among users, including public safety users, and considering whether to change the allocation of certain bands from narrowband to broadband use, or to require sharing of spectrum bands. our results could be positively or negatively affected by the rules and regulations adopted by regulators. our products operate both on licensed and unlicensed spectrum. the availability of additional radio spectrum may provide new business opportunities. conversely, the loss of available radio spectrum may result in the loss of business opportunities. regulatory changes in current spectrum bands (e.g., the sharing of previously dedicated or other spectrum) may also provide opportunities or may require modifications to some of our products so they can continue to be manufactured and marketed. opportunities in the public safety broadband market may also be impacted by the first responder network authority ("firstnet") which was authorized by congress to develop, build, and operate a nationwide broadband network for first responders.
a portion of our business is dependent upon u.s. government contracts and grants, which are highly regulated and subject to oversight audits by u.s. government representatives and subject to cancellations. such audits or such noncompliance with such regulations and laws could result in adverse findings and negatively impact our business.
our u.s. government business is subject to specific procurement regulations with numerous compliance requirements. these requirements, although customary in government contracting in the u.s., increase our performance and compliance costs. these costs may increase in the future, thereby reducing our margins, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition. failure to comply with these regulations or other compliance requirements could lead to suspension or debarment from u.s. government contracting or subcontracting for a period of time. among the causes for debarment are violations of various laws or policies, including those related to procurement integrity, export control, u.s. government security regulations, employment practices, protection of criminal justice data, protection of the environment, accuracy of records, proper recording of costs, foreign corruption, trade agreements act, buy america act, and the false claims act.
generally, in the u.s., government contracts and grants are subject to oversight audits by government representatives. such audits could result in adjustments to our contracts. for contracts covered by the cost accounting standards, any costs found to be improperly allocated to a specific contract may not be allowed, and such costs already reimbursed may have to be refunded. future audits and adjustments, if required, may materially reduce our revenues or profits upon completion and final negotiation of audits. negative audit findings could also result in investigations, termination of a contract or grant, forfeiture of profits or reimbursements, suspension of payments, fines and suspension or prohibition from doing business with the u.s. government. all contracts with the u.s. government can be terminated for convenience by the government at any time.
in addition, contacts with government officials and participation in political activities are areas that are tightly controlled by federal, state, local and international laws. failure to comply with these laws could cost us opportunities to seek certain government sales opportunities or even result in fines, prosecution, or debarment.
risks related to our ability to grow our business catastrophic events, including the covid-19 pandemic, natural disasters and other events beyond our control may interrupt our business, or our customers' or suppliers' business, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial position, cash flows and stock price.
our business operations, and the operations of our customers and suppliers, are subject to interruption by natural disasters, flooding, fire, power shortages, the widespread outbreak of infectious diseases and pandemics, such as the covid-19 pandemic, terrorist acts or the outbreak or escalation of armed hostilities, and other events beyond our control. any of these events could impair our ability to manage our business and/or cause disruption of economic activity, which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial position, cash flows and stock price.
in particular, the covid-19 pandemic has caused significant disruption to the global economy, including in all of the regions in which we, our suppliers, customers and business partners do business and in which our employees are located. the covid-19 pandemic and efforts to manage it, including those by governmental authorities, have had, and could continue to have, significant impacts on global markets. while the duration and severity of those impacts on our business continue to be uncertain, they have had, and could continue to have, an adverse effect on our business, financial position, cash flows and stock price in many ways, including, but not limited to, the following:
•the covid-19 pandemic and responses to it have significantly limited or prevented the movement of goods and services worldwide, which has resulted in and could continue to result in disruptions in our supply chain and distribution systems as well as the demand for our products and services. to date, we have been permitted to continue to operate in jurisdictions that have mandated the closure of certain businesses, and we expect to continue to do so in the future. any future restrictions or closures could have a material impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flow and we may not be permitted to operate under such restrictions or closures. in particular, any limitations on, or closures of, our manufacturing facilities in malaysia, canada, mexico and the united states (illinois, texas), or our distribution centers in malaysia, germany, canada and the united states (illinois, texas), could have a material adverse impact on our ability to manufacture products and service customers. this extends as well to any potential disruptions to transportation including reduced availability of air transportation capacity and ocean freight capacity which can lead to longer transit times and increases in freight costs to deliver our products. if diminished transportation capacity levels continue, the speed at which we deliver our products will continue to be slower than the delivery times that we traditionally provide to our customers and could negatively impact our ability to meet customer demand.
•our customers are, and continue to be, subject to significant risks and have had, and could continue to have, adverse impacts to their business operations and financial condition related to the covid-19 pandemic, which could lead to a decrease in their liquidity and/or spending. this has resulted in, and could continue to result in, a decrease in demand for our products, solutions and services, as well as impact our customers' ability to pay for such products, solutions and services.
•our workforce may be unable to work on-site or travel as a result of event cancellations, facility closures, shelter-in-place, travel and other restrictions and changes in industry practice, or if they, their co-workers or their family members become ill or otherwise require care arrangements. these workforce disruptions have adversely affected and could continue to adversely affect our ability to operate, including to develop, manufacture, generate sales of, promote, market and deliver our products, solutions and services, and provide customer support.
•we outsource certain business activities to third parties. as a result, we rely upon the successful implementation and execution of the business continuity planning of such entities in the current environment. if one or more of the third parties to whom we outsource certain business activities experience operational failures or business disruption as a result of the impacts from the spread of covid-19, or claim that they cannot perform, it may have negative effects on our business and financial condition.
even after the covid-19 pandemic has subsided, we could experience materially adverse impacts to our business due to any resulting economic downturns. additionally, concerns over the economic impact of covid-19 have caused volatility in financial and other capital markets which has and may continue to adversely impact our stock price. to the extent the covid-19 pandemic adversely affects our business and financial results it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in the form 10-k, such as those relating to our products, financial performance, the global nature of our business or access to capital markets.
as we expand the technologies within our products and systems integration and software and services segments, we face increased competition and increased areas of risk that we may not be able to properly assess or mitigate, which could harm our market share, results of operations and financial condition.
the process of developing new video security and software products and enhancing existing products is complex, costly and uncertain, and any failure by us to anticipate customers' changing needs, emerging technological trends and development costs accurately could significantly harm our market share, results of operations and financial condition. any failure to accurately predict technological and business trends, control research and development costs or execute our innovation strategy could harm our business and financial performance. our research and development initiatives may not be successful in whole or in part, including research and development projects which we have prioritized with respect to funding and/or personnel.
further, we plan to continue to expand our services business by offering additional and expanded managed services for existing and new types of customers, such as designing, building, operating, managing and in some cases owning a public safety system or other commercial system. the offering of managed services involves the integration of multiple services, multiple vendors and multiple technologies, requiring that we partner with other solutions and services providers, often on multi-year projects. additionally, our managed services business includes the hosting of software applications. this allows the customers to "consume" the software "as a service" and avoid the costs and complexities of acquiring and operating the software.
we may face increasing competition from traditional system integrators, the defense industry, commercial software companies, and commercial telecommunication carriers as services contracts become larger and more complicated. expansion will bring us into contact with new regulatory requirements and restrictions, such as data security or data residency/localization obligations, with which we will have to comply and may increase the costs of doing business, reduce margins and delay or limit the range of new solutions and services which we will be able to offer. we may be required to agree to specific performance metrics that meet the customer's requirements for network security, availability, reliability, maintenance and support and, in some cases, if these performance metrics are not met we may not be paid.
additionally, as our portfolio of products increases, we may be subject to new regulatory and statutory requirements and could result in additional compliance obligations and liabilities for our business, which may include additional regulation by the fcc, state regulatory commissions and foreign telecommunications regulatory bodies.
our success depends in part on our timely introduction of new products and technologies and our results can be impacted by the effectiveness of our significant investments in new products and technologies.
the markets for certain products of ours are characterized by changing technologies and evolving industry standards and customer preferences. for example, the software industry is characterized by rapidly changing customer preferences in favor of digital capabilities, including public and private cloud solutions. in some cases, it is unclear what specific technology will be adopted in the market or what delivery model will prevail. in addition, new technologies such as voice over lte and 5g or push-to-talk clients over lte and 5g could reduce sales of our traditional products. the shift to smart public safety and the prevalence of data in our customer use cases results in our competing in a more fragmented marketplace. in addition, new technologies and new competitors continue to enter our markets at a faster pace than we have experienced in the past, resulting in increased competition from non-traditional suppliers, including public carriers, telecom equipment providers, consumer device manufacturers and software and video security companies. new products are expensive to develop and bring to market and additional complexities are added when this process is outsourced as we have done in certain cases or as we increase our reliance on third-party content and technology. our success depends, in substantial part, on the timely and successful introduction of new products, upgrades and enhancements of current products to comply with emerging industry standards, laws and regulations, including country specific proprietary technology requirements, and to address competing technological and product developments carried out by our competitors. developing new technologies to compete in a specific market may not be financially viable, resulting in our inability to compete in that market. the research and development of new, technologically-advanced products is a complex and uncertain process requiring high levels of innovation and investment, as well as the accurate anticipation of technology and market trends. many of our products and systems are complex and we may experience delays in completing development and introducing new products or technologies in the future. we may focus our resources on technologies that do not become widely accepted or are not commercially viable or involve compliance obligations with additional areas of regulatory requirements.
we expect to continue to make strategic acquisitions of other companies or businesses and these acquisitions introduce significant risks and uncertainties, including risks related to integrating the acquired businesses and achieving benefits from the acquisitions.
in order to position ourselves to take advantage of growth opportunities or to meet other strategic needs such as product or technology gaps, we have made, and expect to continue to make, strategic acquisitions that involve significant risks and uncertainties. these risks and uncertainties include: (i) the difficulty or inability in integrating newly-acquired businesses and operations in an efficient and effective manner, including ensuring proper integration of acquired businesses' legal and regulatory compliance programs, (ii) risks associated with integrating financial reporting and internal control systems, (iii) difficulties in integrating information technology systems and other business processes to accommodate the acquired businesses, (iv) challenges in integrating acquired businesses to create the operating platform for public safety, (v) the challenges in achieving strategic objectives, cost savings and other benefits from acquisitions, (vi) the risk that our contractual relationships or the markets served do not evolve as anticipated and that the technologies acquired do not prove to be those needed to be successful in those markets, (vii) the potential loss of key employees of the acquired businesses, (viii) the risk of diverting the attention of senior management from our operations, (ix) the risks of entering new markets in which we have limited experience, and (x) future impairments of goodwill of an acquired business. in particular, failure to achieve targeted cost and revenue synergies could negatively impact our business performance.
certain acquisition candidates in the industries in which we participate may carry higher relative valuations (based on revenues, earnings, cash flow, or other relevant multiples) than we do. this is particularly evident in software and certain services businesses. acquiring a business that has a higher relative valuation than motorola solutions may be dilutive to our earnings. in addition, we may not pursue opportunities that are highly dilutive to near-term earnings.
key employees of acquired businesses may receive substantial value in connection with a transaction in the form of cash payments for their ownership interest, particularly in the case of founders and other shareholder employees, or as a result of change-in-control agreements, acceleration of stock options and the lifting of restrictions on other equity-based compensation rights. to retain such employees and integrate the acquired business, we may offer additional retention incentives, but it may still be difficult to retain certain key employees.
risks related to information technology and intellectual property a security breach or other significant disruption of our it systems, those of our outsource partners, suppliers or those we manufacture, install, and in some cases operate and maintain for our customers, caused by cyberattack or other means, could have a negative impact on our operations, sales, and operating results.
we rely extensively on our information systems to manage our business operations. all information technology systems are potentially vulnerable to damage, unauthorized access or interruption from a variety of sources, including but not limited to, cyber-attack, cyber intrusion, computer viruses, security breach, energy blackouts, natural disasters and severe weather conditions, terrorism, sabotage, war, insider trading, human error and computer and telecommunication failures. as a provider of mission critical communications systems for customers in critical infrastructure sectors of the u.s. and globally, including systems that we operate and maintain for certain customers of ours or as a software-based service, we face additional risk as a target of sophisticated attacks aimed at compromising both our company's and our customers' sensitive information and intellectual property. this risk is heightened because these systems may contain sensitive governmental information or personally identifiable or other protected information. additionally, the sophistication of these threats continues to grow and the complexity and scale of the systems to be protected continues to increase. in an effort to protect against such attacks, we maintain insurance related to cybersecurity risks and employ a number of countermeasures and security controls, including training, audits, and utilization of commercial information security threat sharing networks. if we fail to effectively manage our investment in cybersecurity, our business, products, and services could suffer from the resulting weaknesses in our infrastructure, systems or controls.
further, our company outsources certain business operations, including, but not limited to it, hr information systems, manufacturing, repair, distribution and engineering services. we are dependent, in certain instances, upon our outsourced business partners, suppliers, and customers to adequately protect our it systems and those it systems that we manage for our customers, including the hosts of our cloud infrastructure on top of which our cloud-based solutions are built. some of our customers are exploring broadband solutions that use public carrier networks on which our solutions would operate. we do not have direct oversight or influence over how public carrier networks manage the security, quality, or resiliency of their networks, and because they are an attractive high value target due to their role in critical infrastructure, they expose customers to an elevated risk over our private networks. in addition, we maintain certain networked equipment at customer locations and are reliant on those customers to protect and maintain that equipment.
a cyber-attack or other significant disruption involving our it systems or those of our outsource partners, suppliers or our customers could result in substantial costs to repair or replace our it systems or the loss of critical data and interruptions or delays in our ability to perform critical functions. such disruption may also result in the unauthorized release of proprietary, confidential or sensitive information of ours or our customers, or the disruption of services provided to customers and essential for their mission. such unauthorized access to, or release of, information or disruption of services could: (i) allow others to unfairly compete with us, (ii) compromise safety or security, given the mission critical nature of our customers' systems, (iii) subject us to claims for breach of contract, tort, and other civil claims without adequate indemnification from our suppliers, and (iv) damage our reputation. we could face regulatory penalties, enforcement actions, remediation obligations and/or private litigation by parties whose data is improperly disclosed or misused. the continued global trend to enforce data sovereignty and negate legitimate cross border data flows increases the risk that we, directly or through some third party service provider, may inappropriately transfer personal data. any or all of the foregoing could have a negative impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flow.
if we are unable to adequately protect our intellectual property, or if we, our customers and/or our suppliers are found to have infringed intellectual property rights of third parties, our competitive position and results of operations may be adversely impacted.
our intellectual property rights protect our innovations and technology, and they may also generate income under license agreements. we attempt to protect our proprietary technology with intellectual property in the form of patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade secret laws, confidentiality agreements and other methods. we also generally restrict access to and distribution of our proprietary information. despite these precautions, it may be possible for a third-party to obtain and use our proprietary information or develop similar technology independently. as we expand our business, including through acquisitions, and compete with new competitors in new markets, the breadth and strength of our intellectual property portfolio in those new markets may not be as developed as in our longer-standing businesses. this may expose us to a heightened risk of litigation and other challenges from competitors in these new markets. in addition, effective patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret protection may be unavailable or limited in certain foreign countries. unauthorized use of our intellectual property rights by third-parties and the cost of any litigation necessary to enforce our intellectual property rights could have a negative impact on our financial results and competitive position.
additionally, because our products are comprised of complex technology, we are often involved in or impacted by assertions, including both requests for licenses and litigation, regarding third-party patents and other intellectual property rights. third-parties have asserted, and in the future may assert, intellectual property infringement claims against us and against our customers and suppliers. many of these assertions are brought by non-practicing entities whose principal business model is to secure patent licensing-based revenue from product manufacturing companies. the patent holders often make broad and sweeping claims regarding the applicability of their patents to our products and services, seeking a percentage of sales as licenses fees, seeking injunctions to pressure us into taking a license, or a combination thereof. defending claims may be expensive and divert the time and efforts of our management and employees. third-parties may also seek broad injunctive relief, which could limit our ability to sell our products in the u.s. or elsewhere with intellectual property subject to the claims. if we do not succeed in any such litigation, we could be required to expend significant resources to pay damages, develop non-infringing products or to obtain licenses to the intellectual property that is the subject of such litigation, each of which could have a negative impact on our financial results. such licenses, if available at all, may not be available to us on commercially reasonable terms. in some cases, we might be forced to stop delivering certain products if we or our customer or supplier are subject to a final injunction.
we face risks relating to intellectual property licenses and intellectual property indemnities in our customer and supplier contracts, which may fail to fully protect us and subject us to unexpected liabilities or harm our financial condition and results of operations.
we obtain some technology from suppliers through the purchase of components or licensing of software, and we attempt to negotiate favorable intellectual property indemnities with our suppliers for infringement of third-party intellectual property rights. with respect to such indemnities, we may not be successful in our negotiations, a supplier's indemnity may not fully protect us or cover all damages and losses suffered by us and our customers due to the infringing products, or a supplier may not choose to obtain a third-party license or modify or replace its products with non-infringing products which would otherwise mitigate such damages and losses. such situations may subject us to unexpected liabilities or unfavorable conditions. further, we may not be able to participate in intellectual property litigation involving a supplier and may not be able to influence any ultimate resolution or outcome that may negatively impact our sales or operations if a court enters an injunction that enjoins the supplier's products or if the international trade commission issues an exclusionary order that blocks our products from importation into the u.s. intellectual property disputes involving our suppliers have resulted in our involvement in international trade commission proceedings from time to time. these proceedings are costly and entail the risk that we will be subjected to a ban on the importation of our products into the u.s. solely as a result of our use of a supplier's components.
in addition, our customers increasingly demand that we indemnify them broadly from all damages and losses resulting from intellectual property litigation against them. these demands may stem from non-practicing entities that engage in patent enforcement and litigation, sometimes seeking royalties and litigation judgments in proportion to the value of the use of our products, rather than in proportion to the cost of our products. such demands can amount to many times the selling price of our products.
further, competitors may be able to negotiate significantly more favorable terms for intellectual property than we are able to, which puts them at a competitive advantage. moreover, with respect to our internally developed proprietary software, we may be harmed if we are forced to make publicly available, under the relevant open-source licenses, some of that proprietary software as a result of either our use of open-source software code or the use of third-party software that contains open-source code.
we no longer own certain logos and other trademarks, trade names and service marks, including motorola, moto, motorola solutions and the stylized m logo and all derivatives and formatives thereof ("motorola marks") and we license the motorola marks from motorola trademark holdings, llc ("mth"), which is currently owned by motorola mobility, a subsidiary of lenovo. our joint use of the motorola marks could result in product and market confusion and negatively impact our ability to expand business under the motorola brand. in addition, if we do not comply with the terms of the license agreement we could lose our rights to the motorola marks.
in 2010, we secured a worldwide, perpetual and royalty-free license from mth to use the motorola marks as art of our corporate name and in connection with the manufacture, sale, and marketing of our current products and services. the license of the motorola marks is important to us because of the reputation of the motorola brand for our products and services. there are risks associated with both motorola mobility and us using the motorola marks and our loss of ownership of the motorola marks. as both we and motorola mobility use the motorola marks, confusion could arise in the market, including customer confusion regarding the products offered by and the actions of the two companies. also, any negative publicity associated with either company in the future could adversely affect the public image of the other.
motorola mobility was acquired by lenovo in 2014, which resulted in lenovo having effective control over the motorola marks. our risks under the license could increase if lenovo expands its use of the motorola marks, or if our products and those of lenovo converge. in addition, because our license of the motorola marks is limited to products and services within our specified fields of use, we are not permitted to use the motorola marks in other fields of use without the approval of motorola mobility. as we continue to expand our business into any other fields of use, we either must do so with a brand other than the motorola brand, which could take considerable time and expense, or assume the risk that our expanded field don't meet the definition of permitted fields of use under our license, which could result in loss of our rights to use the motorola marks.
we could lose our rights to use the motorola marks if we do not comply with the terms of the license agreement. such a loss could negatively affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. furthermore, mth has certain rights to license the brand to third-parties and either motorola mobility or licensed third-parties may use the brand in ways that make the brand less attractive for customers of motorola solutions, creating increased risk that motorola solutions may need to develop an alternate or additional brand. motorola mobility may require us to adopt modifications to the motorola marks, and this could negatively impact our business, including costs associated with rebranding.
neither motorola mobility nor lenovo are prohibited from selling the motorola marks. in the event of a liquidation by lenovo or the then-owner of the motorola marks, it is possible that a bankruptcy court would either (i) permit the motorola marks to be assigned to a third-party whose interests may be incompatible with ours, thereby potentially making the license arrangement difficult to administer and increasing the costs and risks of sharing the motorola marks, or (ii) refuse to uphold the license or certain of its terms, which could negatively affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
risks related to the operation of our business our employees, customers, suppliers and outsource partners are located throughout the world and, as a result, we face risks that other companies that are not global may not face.
our customers and suppliers are located throughout the world. in 2020, 32% of our revenue was generated outside the u.s. in addition, we have a number of research and development, administrative and sales facilities outside the u.s. and 48% of our employees are employed outside the u.s. most of our suppliers' operations are outside the u.s. and a significant portion of our products are manufactured outside the u.s., both internally and by third-parties.
a significant amount of manufacturing and research and development of our products takes place outside of the u.s. if the operations in these facilities is disrupted, our business, financial condition, results of operation, and cash flows could be negatively impacted.
because we have sizable sales and operations, including outsourcing and procurement arrangements, outside of the u.s., we have more complexity in our operations and are exposed to a unique set of global risks that could negatively impact our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows, including but not limited to: (i) currency fluctuations, including but not limited to increased pressure to agree to established currency conversion rates and cost of living adjustments as a result of foreign currency fluctuations, (ii) import/export regulations, tariffs, trade barriers and trade disputes, customs classifications and certifications, including but not limited to changes in classifications or errors or omissions related to such classifications and certifications, (iii) changes in u.s. and non-u.s. rules related to trade, labor and employment, environmental, health and safety, technical standards, consumer and intellectual property and consumer protection, (iv) longer payment cycles, (v) tax issues, such as tax law changes, variations in tax laws from country to country and as compared to the u.s., obligations under tax incentive agreements, and difficulties in securing local country approvals for cash repatriations, (vi) reduced financial flexibility given that a significant percentage of our cash and cash equivalents is currently held outside of the u.s., (vii) challenges in collecting accounts receivable, (viii) cultural and language differences, (ix) employment regulations and local labor conditions, (x) privacy and data protection regulations and restrictions, (xi) difficulties protecting intellectual property in foreign countries, (xii) instability in economic or political conditions, including inflation, recession and actual or anticipated military or political conflicts and terrorism, (xiii) natural disasters, (xiv) public health issues or outbreaks, (xv) changes in laws or regulations that negatively impact benefits being received by us or that require costly modifications in products sold or operations performed in such countries, (xvi) litigation in foreign court systems and foreign enforcement or administrative proceedings, and (xvii) applicability of anti-corruption laws such as the foreign corrupt practices act ("fcpa") and the u.k. bribery act. any of these risks may be heightened by our practice of outsourcing or using third-parties to help sell our products or provide solutions and services, due to limits on our ability to oversee and control such third-parties' conduct.
additionally, the benefits we receive under various agreements we have entered into with non-u.s. governments and agencies relate to our operations and/or sales in such foreign jurisdictions. if our operations or sales are not at levels originally anticipated, we may be at risk of having to reimburse benefits already granted, which could increase our cost of doing business in such foreign jurisdictions.
over the last several years we have utilized third-parties to develop, design and/or manufacture many of our components and some of our products, and to perform portions of certain business operations such as it, hr information systems, manufacturing, repair, distribution and engineering services we expect to continue these practices in the future, which limit our control over these business operations and exposes us to additional risk as a result of the actions of our outsource partners.
we rely on third-parties to develop, design and/or manufacture many of our components and some of our products (including software), and to assist in performing certain it, hr information systems, manufacturing, repair, distribution and engineering services. as we outsource more of such operations we are not able to directly control these activities. we could have difficulties fulfilling our orders and our sales and profits could decline if: (i) we are not able to engage such third-parties with the capabilities or capacities required by our business, (ii) such third-parties lack our desired level of performance or service, lack sufficient quality control or fail to deliver quality components, products, services or software on time and at reasonable prices, (iii) there are significant changes in the financial or business condition of such third-parties, (iv) our third-party providers fail to comply with legal or regulatory requirements, or (v) we have difficulties transitioning operations to such third-parties.
our reliance on third-parties could also result in reputational damage in certain instances. for example, our supply chain is complex and if our suppliers are unable to verify that components and parts provided to us are free of defined "conflict minerals" originating from the democratic republic of congo ("drc") or an adjoining country, then we may be required to publicly disclose that we are not currently able to determine if the products we manufactured are drc conflict-free, which could harm our reputation.
as many of our outsource partners operate outside of the u.s., our outsourcing activity exposes us to information security vulnerabilities and increases our global risks. once a business activity is outsourced we may be contractually prohibited from or may not practically be able to bring such activity back within the company or move it to another outsource partner. the actions of our outsource partners could result in reputational damage to us and could negatively impact our business, financial conditions, results of operations, and cash flows.
we utilize the services of subcontractors to perform under many of our contracts and the inability of our subcontractors to perform in a timely and compliant manner or to adhere to our human rights policy could negatively impact our business.
we engage subcontractors, including third-party integrators, on many of our contracts and as we expand our solutions and services business, our use of subcontractors has and will continue to increase. our subcontractors may further subcontract performance and may supply third-party products and software from a number of smaller companies. in addition, it is our policy to require our subcontractors and other third-parties with whom we work to operate in compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations, including our human rights policy (and, in addition, for our suppliers to comply with our supplier code of conduct).
we may have disputes with our subcontractors, including disputes regarding the quality and timeliness of work performed by the subcontractor or its subcontractors and the functionality, warranty and indemnities of products, software and services supplied by our subcontractor. we are not always successful in passing down customer requirements to our subcontractors or a customer may otherwise look to us to cover a loss or damage, and thus in some cases may be required to absorb contractual risks from our customers without corresponding back-to-back coverage from our subcontractor. our subcontractors may not be able to acquire or maintain the quality of the materials, components, subsystems and services they supply, or secure preferred warranty and indemnity coverage from their suppliers which might result in greater product returns, service problems, warranty claims and costs and regulatory compliance issues. further, one of our subcontractors or other third-parties subject to our human rights policy could fail to comply with such policies or with applicable law or may engage in unethical business practices. any of the foregoing could cause orders to be canceled, relationships to be terminated or our reputation to be damaged, which could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our future operating results depend on our ability to purchase at acceptable prices a sufficient amount of materials, parts, and components, as well as software and services, to meet the demands of our customers and any disruption to our suppliers or significant increase in the price of supplies could have a negative impact on our results of operations.
our ability to meet customers' demands depends, in part, on our ability to timely obtain an adequate delivery of quality materials, parts, and components, as well as software and services from our suppliers. for example, we have experienced, and could continue to experience, increased difficulties in obtaining a sufficient amount of materials in the semiconductor market, as prices of such materials increased and supply was more limited due to the expansion of server and cloud networks as a greater proportion of the global population worked remotely, the introduction of 5g and the continued electrification of vehicles. we attempted, and continue to attempt, to mitigate such supply disruptions by increasing our communications with our suppliers and modifying our purchase order coverage and inventory levels. if reduced supply of these materials in the semiconductor market continues, our ability to meet customer demand could be affected, which could negatively impact our results of operations.
in addition, certain supplies, including for some of our critical components, software and services solutions, are available only from a single source or limited sources and we may not be able to diversify sources in a timely manner. if demand for our products or services increases from our current expectations or if suppliers are unable to meet our demand for other reasons, including as a result of natural disasters or financial issues, we could experience an interruption in supply or a significant increase in the price of supply, including as a result of having to move to an alternative source, that could have a negative impact on our business as a result of increased cost or delay in or inability to deliver our products or services. this risk may increase as a result of consolidation of certain suppliers of ours. we have experienced shortages in the past that have negatively impacted our results of operations and may experience such shortages in the future. in addition, credit constraints at our suppliers could cause us to accelerate payment of accounts payable by us, impacting our cash flow.
we are exposed to risks under large, multi-year system and services contracts that may negatively impact our business.
we enter into large, multi-year system and services contracts with municipal, state, and nationwide government and commercial customers. in some cases, we may not be the prime contractor and may be dependent on other third-parties such as commercial carriers or systems integrators. our entry into these contracts exposes us to risks, including among others: (i) technological risks, especially when, (ii) risk of defaults by third-parties on whom we are relying for products or services as part of our offering or who are the prime contractors, (iii) financial risks, including the estimates inherent in projecting costs associated with large, long-term contracts, the impact of currency fluctuations, inflation, and the related impact on operating results, (iv) cybersecurity risk, especially in managed services contracts with public safety and commercial customers that process data, and (v) political risk, especially related to the contracts with government customers. in addition, multi-year awards from governmental customers may often only receive partial funding initially and may typically be cancelable on short notice with limited penalties. recovery of front-loaded capital expenditures in long-term managed services contracts is dependent on the continued viability of such customers. the termination of funding for a government program or insolvency of commercial customer could result in a loss of anticipated future revenue attributable to that program, which could have an adverse impact on our profitability.
if the quality of our products does not meet our customers' expectations or regulatory or industry standards, then our sales and operating earnings, and ultimately our reputation, could be negatively impacted.
some of the products we sell may have quality issues resulting from the design or manufacture of the product, or from the software used in the product. sometimes, these issues may be caused by components we purchase from other manufacturers or suppliers. often these issues are identified prior to the shipment of the products and may cause delays in shipping products to customers, or even the cancellation of orders by customers. sometimes, we discover quality issues in the products after they have been shipped to our customers, requiring us to resolve such issues in a timely manner that is the least disruptive to our customers, particularly in light of the mission critical nature of our communications products. such pre-shipment and post-shipment quality issues can have legal, financial and reputational ramifications, including: (i) delays in the recognition of revenue, loss of revenue or future orders, (ii) customer-imposed penalties for failure to meet contractual requirements, (iii) increased costs associated with repairing or replacing products, and (iv) a negative impact on our goodwill and brand name reputation. in some cases, if the quality issue affects the product's performance, safety or regulatory compliance, then such a "defective" product may need to be "stop-shipped" or recalled. depending on the nature of the quality issue and the number of products in the field, it could cause us to incur substantial recall or corrective field action costs, in addition to the costs associated with the potential loss of future orders and the damage to our goodwill or brand reputation. in addition, we may be required, under certain customer contracts, to pay damages for failed performance that might exceed the revenue that we receive from the contracts. recalls and field actions involving regulatory non-compliance could also result in fines and additional costs. recalls and field actions could result in third-party litigation by persons or companies alleging harm or economic damage as a result of the use of the products.
in addition, privacy advocacy groups and other technology and industry groups have established or may establish various new or different self-regulatory standards that may place additional obligations on us. our customers may expect us to meet voluntary certifications or adhere to other standards established by third parties. if we are unable to maintain these certifications or meet these standards, it could reduce demand for our products and adversely affect our business.
risks related to financial performance or economic conditions we are a global company and face a number of risks related to current global economic and political conditions in the markets in which we operate that have and could continue to unfavorably impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
global economic and political conditions, including the covid-19 pandemic, continue to be challenging for many of our government and commercial markets, as economic growth in many countries and emerging markets has remained low or declined, currency fluctuations have impacted profitability, credit markets have remained tight for certain counterparties of ours and some of our customers are dependent on government grants to fund purchases of our products and services.
in addition, conflicts in the middle east and elsewhere have created many economic and political uncertainties that continue to impact worldwide markets. the length of time these adverse economic and political conditions may persist is unknown. these political uncertainties and conflicts include new or increased tariffs and potential trade wars, threats to national security vulnerabilities linked to country of origin (in response to which the u.s. implemented prohibitions on, via the national defense authorization act for fiscal year 2019, the use of federal funds to purchase and/or use telecommunications equipment and services and video surveillance equipment and services from chinese vendors), and the united kingdom's decision to voluntarily exit the united kingdom on january 31, 2020 (commonly referred to as "brexit").
these global economic and political conditions have impacted and could continue to impact our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows in a number of ways, including:
•requests by certain of our government and commercial customers that we provide vendor financing, including in response to financial challenges surrounding state and local governments, which may cause us to retain exposure to the credit quality of our customers who we finance if we are unable to sell these receivables on terms acceptable to us.
•the inability of certain of our customers to obtain financing in order to make purchases from us and/or maintain their business, which may negatively impact our financial results.
•challenges we face in budgeting and forecasting due to economic uncertainties in various parts of the u.s. and world economy, which could negatively impact our financial results if such budgets or forecasts are inaccurate.
•deferment or cancellation of purchases and orders by customers may occur due to uncertainty about current and future global economic conditions, which could reduce future demand for our products and negatively impact our financial results.
•intensifying political instability in a number of markets in which we operate could have a significant impact on our ability to grow and, in some cases, operate in such locations, which could negatively impact our financial results.
the accounting for convertible debt securities that may be settled in cash or in shares of common stock could have a material effect on our reported financial results.
under u.s. gaap, an entity must separately account for the debt component and the embedded conversion option of convertible debt instruments that may be settled entirely or partially in cash or in shares of common stock upon conversion, such as our 1.75% senior convertible notes ("new senior convertible notes"). the fair value of the embedded conversion option is classified as an addition to stockholder's equity. the difference between book carrying cost and face value of the debt represents a non-cash discount. this difference will be amortized into interest expense over the estimated life of the new senior convertible notes. as a result, we will be required to record a greater amount of non-cash interest expense as a result of the amortization of the discount over the expected term of the new senior convertible notes, and we will report lower net income because of the recognition of both the current period's discount amortization and the new senior convertible notes' coupon interest, which could adversely affect the trading price of our shares of common stock.
convertible debt instruments (such as the new senior convertible notes) that may be settled entirely or partially in cash are evaluated for their impact on earnings per share utilizing the treasury stock method, the effect of which is that the shares issuable upon conversion of the new senior convertible notes are not included in the calculation of diluted earnings per share except to the extent that the conversion value of the new senior convertible notes exceeds their principal amount. under the treasury stock method, the number of shares outstanding for purposes of calculating diluted earnings per share includes the number of shares that would be required to settle the excess of the conversion value of the new senior convertible notes, if any, over the principal amounts of the new senior convertible notes (which would be settled in cash). the conversion value of the new senior convertible notes will exceed the principal amount of the notes to the extent the trading price of a share of our stock exceeds $203.50. we intend to settle the principal amount of the convertible notes in cash. however, we may not have access to the capital markets for financing on acceptable terms and conditions, particularly if our credit ratings are downgraded. accordingly, we may be forced to fully settle the new senior convertible notes in shares of common stock upon conversion, the effect of which would cause the dilutive impact to earnings per share to be significantly in excess of the dilutive impact reflected by the treasury stock method.
returns on pension and retirement plan assets and interest rate changes could affect our earnings and cash flows in future periods.
although we made a voluntary contribution into the u.s. pension plan in early 2018, and completed a lump sum offer for certain participants in the u.s. pension plan in 2019, we continue to have large underfunded pension obligations, in part resulting from the fact that we retained almost all of the u.s. pension liabilities and a major portion of our non-u.s. pension liabilities following our past divestitures, including the distribution of motorola mobility, the sale of our networks business and the sale of our enterprise business. the funding position of our pension plans is affected by the performance of the financial markets, particularly the equity and debt markets, and the interest rates used to calculate our pension obligations for funding and expense purposes. minimum annual pension contributions are determined by government regulations and calculated based upon our pension funding status, interest rates, and other factors. if the financial markets perform poorly, we have been and could be required to make additional large contributions. the equity and debt markets can be volatile, and therefore our estimate of future contribution requirements can change dramatically in relatively short periods of time. similarly, changes in interest rates can affect our contribution requirements. in volatile capital market environments, the uncertainty of material changes in future minimum required contributions increases.
risks related to human capital management our success depends in part upon our ability to attract and retain senior management and key employees, including engineers and other key technical employees, in order to remain competitive.
the performance of our ceo, senior management and other key employees such as engineers and other key technical employees is critical to our success. if we are unable to retain talented, highly-qualified senior management, engineers and other key employees or attract them when needed, it could negatively impact our business.
we rely on the experience of our senior management, most of whom have been with the company for many years and as a result have specific knowledge relating to us and our industry that is difficult to replace and competition for management with experience in the communications industry is intense. a loss of the ceo, a member of senior management, or an engineer or other key employee particularly to a competitor, could also place us at a competitive disadvantage. in addition, we face increased demands for technical personnel in areas such as software development, which is an area of particularly high demand for skilled employees. we believe that our future success depends in large part on our continued ability to hire, assimilate, retain and leverage the skills of qualified engineers and other highly-skilled personnel needed to develop successful new products or services. in particular, competition for experienced software and cloud computing infrastructure engineers is intense. further, if we fail to adequately plan for the succession of our ceo, senior management and other key employees, our business could be negatively impacted.
general risk factors we are subject to a wide range of product regulatory and safety, consumer, worker safety and environmental laws that continue to expand and could impact our ability to grow our business, could subject us to unexpected costs and liabilities and could impact our financial performance.
our operations and the products we manufacture are subject to a wide range of product regulatory and safety, consumer, worker safety and environmental laws. compliance with such existing or future laws could subject us to future costs or liabilities, impact our production capabilities, constrict our ability to sell, expand or acquire facilities, restrict what products and services we can offer, and generally impact our financial performance. some of these laws are environmental and relate to the use, disposal, cleanup of, and exposure to certain substances. for example, in the u.s., laws often require parties to fund remedial studies or actions regardless of fault and often times in response to action or omissions that were legal at the time they occurred. we continue to incur disposal costs and have ongoing remediation obligations. changes to environmental laws or our discovery of additional obligations under these laws could have a negative impact on our financial performance.
laws focused on: (i) the energy efficiency of electronic products and accessories, (ii) recycling of both electronic products and packaging, (iii) reducing or eliminating certain hazardous substances in electronic products, (iv) the use and transportation of batteries, and (v) debt collection and other consumer finance matters continue to expand significantly. laws pertaining to accessibility features of electronic products, standardization of connectors and power supplies, the use and transportation of lithium-ion batteries and other aspects of our products are also proliferating. there are also demanding and rapidly changing laws around the globe related to issues such as product safety, radio interference, radio frequency radiation exposure, medical related functionality, use of products with video functionality, and consumer and social mandates pertaining to use of wireless or electronic equipment. these laws, and changes to these laws, could have a substantial impact on whether we can offer certain products, solutions and services, on product costs, and on what capabilities and characteristics our products or services can or must include.
these laws could impact our products and negatively affect our ability to manufacture and sell products competitively. we expect these trends to continue. in addition, due to increased public awareness and concern regarding environmental risks, including climate change, we anticipate that we will see increased demand to meet voluntary criteria related to reduction or elimination of certain constituents from products and increasing energy efficiency. such regulations or standards could impose significant operational restrictions and compliance requirements upon us, which could negatively impact our business, results of operations, financial condition and competitive position.
we may not continue to have access to the capital markets for financing on acceptable terms and conditions, particularly if our credit ratings are downgraded, which could limit our ability to repay our indebtedness and could cause liquidity issues.
from time to time we access the capital markets to obtain financing. our access to the capital markets and the bank loan markets at acceptable terms and conditions are impacted by many factors, including: (i) our credit ratings, (ii) the condition of the overall capital markets, (iii) strength and credit availability in the banking markets, and (iv) the state of the global economy. in addition, we frequently access the credit markets to obtain performance bonds, bid bonds, standby letters of credit and surety bonds, as well as to hedge foreign exchange risk and sell receivables. furthermore, we may not be able to refinance our existing indebtedness (i) on commercially reasonable terms, (ii) on terms, including with respect to interest rates, as favorable as our current debt, or (iii) at all. we may not continue to have access to the capital markets or bank credit markets on terms acceptable to us and if we are unable to repay or refinance our debt, we cannot guarantee that we will be able to generate enough cash flows from operations or that we will be able to obtain enough capital to service our debt, fund our planned capital expenditures or pay future dividends.
we are rated investment grade by all three national rating agencies. any downward changes by the rating agencies to our credit rating may negatively impact the value and liquidity of both our debt and equity securities. under certain circumstances, an increase in the interest rate payable by us under our revolving credit facility, if any amounts are borrowed under such facility, could negatively affect our operating cash flows. in addition, a downgrade in our credit ratings could limit our ability to: (i) access the capital markets or bank credit markets, (ii) issue commercial paper (iii) provide performance bonds, bid bonds, standby letters of credit and surety bonds, (iv) hedge foreign exchange risk, (v) fund our foreign affiliates, (vi) sell receivables, and (vii) obtain favorable trade terms with suppliers. in addition, we may avoid taking actions that would otherwise benefit us or our stockholders, such as engaging in certain acquisitions or engaging in stock repurchases, that would negatively impact our credit rating.
tax matters could have a negative impact on our financial condition and results of operations.
we are subject to income taxes in the u.s. and numerous foreign tax jurisdictions. our provision for income taxes and cash tax liability may be negatively impacted by: (i) changes in the mix of earnings taxable in jurisdictions with different statutory tax rates, (ii) changes in tax laws and accounting principles, (iii) changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities, (iv) failure to meet commitments under tax incentive agreements, (v) discovery of new information during the course of tax return preparation, (vi) increases in non-deductible expenses, or (vii) repatriating cash held abroad.
tax audits may also negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. we are subject to continued examination of our income tax returns, and tax authorities may disagree with our tax positions and assess additional tax. we regularly evaluate the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes. there can be no assurance that the outcomes from these continuing examinations will not have a negative impact on our future financial condition and operating results.
certain tax policy efforts, including the organization for economic co-operation and development's ("oecd") base erosion and profit shifting ("beps") project, the european commission's state aid investigations, and other initiatives could have an adverse effect on the taxation of international businesses. furthermore, many of the countries where we are subject to taxes, including the u.s, are independently evaluating their tax policy and we may see significant changes in legislation and regulations concerning taxation. certain countries have already enacted legislation which could affect international businesses, and other countries have become more aggressive in their approach to audits and enforcement of their applicable tax laws. such changes, to the extent they are brought into tax legislation, regulations, policies, or practices, could increase our effective tax rates in many of the countries where we have operations and have an adverse effect on our overall tax rate, along with increasing the complexity, burden and cost of tax compliance, all of which could impact our operating results, cash flows and financial condition.
item 7: management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following is a discussion and analysis of our financial position as of december 31, 2020 and 2019 and results of operations for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2020. this commentary should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto appearing under "item 8: financial statements and supplementary data."
executive overview our business motorola solutions is a global leader in mission critical communications and analytics. our technologies in land mobile radio mission critical communications ("lmr" or "lmr mission critical communications"), command center software and video security and analytics, bolstered by managed and support services, make communities safer and help businesses stay productive and secure. we serve more than 100,000 public safety and commercial customers in over 100 countries, providing "purpose-built" solutions designed for their unique needs, and we have a rich heritage of innovation focusing on advancing global safety for more than 90 years.
we manage our business organizationally through two segments: "products and systems integration" and "software and services." within these segments, the company has principal product lines that also follow our three major technologies: lmr mission critical communications, command center software, and video security and analytics.
the company has invested across these three technologies, evolving the company's lmr focus to purposefully integrate software, video security and analytics solutions for public safety and enterprise customers globally.
our strategy is to generate value through the integration of each technology into our ecosystem, uniting voice, software, video and analytics to interoperate. while each technology individually strives to make users safer and more productive, we believe we can enable better outcomes between individuals, businesses and agencies united as one connected system. with our interplay of technologies, our goal is to help remove silos between systems, unify data, streamline workflows, simplify management and support evolving technologies. examples of such interplay include sharing video feeds from a school to a police command center and officers' devices in the field to improve situational awareness, uploading field reports or crime scene photos directly into an agency's evidence system to save administration time, and connecting teams across networks to ensure messages are easily shared and teams can work as one. our goal is to integrate technologies according to customers' desired operational outcomes so they can work faster, smarter and more safely. across all three technologies, we offer cloud-based solutions, cybersecurity services and managed and support services.
the principal products within each segment, by technology, are described below:
products and systems integration segment in 2020, the segment's net sales were $4.6 billion, representing 63% of our consolidated net sales.
lmr mission critical communications our lmr mission critical communications technology includes infrastructure and devices for lmr, public safety long term evolution ("lte") and enterprise-grade private lte. we are a global leader in the two-way radio category, including project 25 ("p25"), terrestrial trunked radio ("tetra") and digital mobile radio ("dmr"), as well as other professional and commercial radio ("pcr") solutions. we also deliver lte solutions for public safety, government and commercial users, including infrastructure and devices operating in 700 mhz, 900 mhz and citizens' broadband radio service ("cbrs") frequencies. primary sources of revenue for this technology come from selling devices and building telecommunications networks, including infrastructure, installation and integration with our customers' technology environments.
our technology enables voice and multimedia collaborations across different two-way radio, wifi or public lte and private broadband networks. we believe that first responders continue to trust lmr communications because they are purpose-built and designed for reliability, availability, security and resiliency to withstand the most challenging conditions. by adding broadband data capabilities to our two-way radios, we strive to provide our customers greater functionality and access to the information and data they need in their workflows. examples of such functionality include application services such as gps location to better protect lone workers and over-the-air programming and updates to optimize device uptime.
the lmr technology within the products and systems integration segment represented 86% of the net sales of the total segment in 2020.
video security and analytics our video security and analytics technology includes network video management infrastructure, fixed security and mobile video cameras (body-worn and in-vehicle) and access control solutions. we deploy video security solutions to thousands of government and commercial customers around the world including school campuses, transportation systems, healthcare centers, public venues, utilities, prisons, factories, casinos, airports, financial institutions, government facilities, state and local law enforcement agencies and retailers. organizations such as these utilize video security to enable continuous monitoring that can improve situational awareness, particularly across large areas, and to visually verify critical events or incidents in real-time or investigate after they happen.
our view is that government and public safety customers in particular are increasingly turning to video security technologies, including fixed street cameras, in-vehicle cameras and body-worn cameras, to increase visibility, accountability and safety for citizens, communities and first responders alike.
we have built our video security and analytics technology through strategic acquisitions. we acquired avigilon corporation ("avigilon") in 2018. avigilon access control solutions, in addition to cameras, sensors and infrastructure embedded with advanced video analytics, are designed to be simple and easy to use. we expanded our fixed video security technology through our acquisitions of indigovision group plc and pelco, inc. in 2020. we grew our mobile video security technology in 2019 through our acquisitions of watchguard inc., which provides body-worn cameras and in-vehicle video systems for north america law enforcement agencies, and edesix ltd (acquired as part of the vaas international holdings acquisition), a provider of body-worn cameras in europe for both law enforcement and commercial markets.
the video security and analytics technology within the products and systems integration segment represented 14% of the net sales of the total segment in 2020.
software and services segment in 2020, the segment's net sales were $2.8 billion, representing 37% of our consolidated net sales.
lmr mission critical communications lmr mission critical communications services include support and managed services, which offer a broad continuum of support for our customers. support services include repair and replacement, technical support and preventative maintenance, and more advanced offerings such as system monitoring, software updates and cybersecurity services. managed services range from partial to full operational support of customer-owned or motorola solutions-owned networks. our customers' systems often have multi-year or multi-decade lifespans that help drive demand for software upgrades, device and infrastructure refresh opportunities, as well as additional services to monitor, manage, maintain and secure these complex networks and solutions. we strive to deliver services to our customers that help improve performance across their systems, devices and applications for greater safety and productivity.
given the mission-critical nature of our customers' lmr networks, availability, security and resiliency are imperative, along with keeping pace with technological advancements. we have a comprehensive approach to system upgrades that addresses hardware, software and implementation services. as new system releases become available, we work with our customers to upgrade software, hardware, or both, with respect to site controllers, comparators, routers, lan switches, servers, dispatch consoles, logging equipment, network management terminals, network security devices such as firewalls and intrusion detection sensors, and more, on-site or remotely.
the lmr technology within the software and services segment represented 72% of the net sales of the total segment in 2020.
command center software our command center software suite, commandcentral, supports the complex process of the public safety workflow from "911 call to case closure," which involves an array of roles from the moment a citizen dials 911, such as dispatchers who route calls to police, fire and emergency medical services, first responders in the field, intelligence analysts who manage real-time operations, records specialists who preserve the integrity of information and evidence, crime analysts who identify patterns and accelerate investigations, and corrections officers who oversee jail and inmate management.
commandcentral software supports these roles through the three phases of incident response: incident awareness, incident management and post-incident resolution. incident awareness software includes community engagement applications for tip submissions, crime mapping and evidence submission, and 911 call-handling software (including multimedia) and next-generation core services for 911 call routing. incident management software includes computer aided dispatch ("cad") for dispatch and coordinating first response, situational awareness software that shows a single, real-time view of video feeds and other alerts on a map, and field response and reporting to help frontline personnel collaborate, manage incident activity and file reports from the field. post-incident resolution software includes centralized records and evidence management for record-keeping and judicial sharing, analytics including license plate recognition, and jail and inmate management to streamline the process and enable secure inter-agency information sharing.
as the public safety market continues to evolve toward software offerings that more efficiently run their operations, reduce response times and increase officer availability, we have focused on providing cloud-based software-as-a service ("saas") with ancillary implementation and managed services in addition to on-premises solutions. our premierone cloud suite, hosted in microsoft azure government, includes cad, mobile and records in a single, integrated cloud-based offering. we believe that cloud deployment delivers agencies key benefits, including faster deployment, increased security, rapid scaling in the event of an emergency and a secure investment that keeps pace as technology advances.
another area of public safety evolution is increasing adoption of next generation 911 core services ("ngcs"), a group of products and services needed to create infrastructure connectivity in order to process a 911 call using next generation ("ng") technology. the ng infrastructure is an emergency service ip network ("esinet"), which can carry voice, data and multimedia. esinet enables 911 call takers at public safety answering points to respond to text, video and data. our ngcs can be offered as a managed service and includes call routing, esinet, location services, geographic information services, cybersecurity and our continuous network and security operations center dedicated to public safety. we believe that our solution is differentiated through its integration with our commandcentral software suite to simplify the agency's workflow and ensure better incident management and real-time intelligence.
additional command center software includes interoperability software that ensures communication is not limited by coverage area, network technology or device type. our solutions, including kodiak, wave ptx and criticalconnect, enable interoperability among devices across multiple networks. for example, a two-way radio network can connect with an lte network making it possible for individuals to communicate securely and more easily across technologies.
the command center software technology within the software and services segment represented 18% of the net sales of the total segment in 2020.
video security and analytics video security and analytics software includes video network management software, digital evidence management software and advanced vehicle location data analysis software, including license plate recognition, each designed to complement respective video hardware systems.
our video network management software is embedded with artificial intelligence ("ai")-enabled analytics to deliver operational insights to our customers by bringing attention to important events within their video footage. given the volume of video footage, we believe this is critical to monitor and manage to deliver meaningful, action-oriented insights. for example, ai-enabled analytics can detect unusual behavior such as a person at a facility out-of-hours, locate a missing child with our appearance search feature at a theme park, flag a blacklisted vehicle through license plate recognition at a school, or send an alert through access control if doors are propped open at a hospital.
video security and analytics services include our video-as-service offering for law enforcement, simplifying procurement by bundling hardware and software into a single subscription. body-worn cameras and in-car video systems can be paired with either on-premises or cloud-based digital evidence management software and complementary command center software products. additionally, avigilon fixed video systems connected to avigilon cloud services ("acs") provide our customers with the ability to securely access video across their sites from a remote/central monitoring location and more easily integrate with their other systems.
the video security and analytics technology within the software and services segment represented 10% of the net sales of the total segment in 2020.
2020 financial results
•net sales were $7.4 billion in 2020 compared to $7.9 billion in 2019.
•operating earnings were $1.4 billion in 2020 compared to $1.6 billion in 2019.
•net earnings attributable to motorola solutions, inc. were $949 million, or $5.45 per diluted common share in 2020, compared to earnings of $868 million, or $4.95 per diluted common share in 2019.
•our operating cash flow was $1.6 billion in 2020 compared to $1.8 billion in 2019.
•we returned over $1.0 billion of capital to shareholders, in the form of $612 million in share repurchases and $436 million in dividends in 2020.
•we increased our quarterly dividend by 11% to $0.71 per share in november 2020.
•we ended 2020 with a backlog position of $11.4 billion, up $175 million compared to 2019.
segment financial highlights
•in the products and systems integration segment, net sales were $4.6 billion in 2020, a decrease of $695 million, or 13%, compared to $5.3 billion in 2019. on a geographic basis, net sales decreased in both north america and international primarily driven by lower public safety lmr and pcr, partially offset by growth in video security and analytics. operating earnings were $656 million in 2020, compared to $994 million in 2019. operating margins decreased in 2020 to 14.2% from 18.7% in 2019 primarily due to lower sales and gross margin contribution, partially offset by lower operating expenses primarily driven by: lower employee incentive costs, indirect expenses, and travel expenses, and a $50 million gain from the sale of a manufacturing facility in europe. the overall reduction in operating expenses was partially offset by: (i) $23 million higher reorganization of business expenses, (ii) $11 million higher share-based compensation expenses, and (iii) higher operating expenses from acquisitions.
•in the software and services segment, net sales were $2.8 billion in 2020, an increase of $222 million, or 9%, compared to $2.6 billion in 2019. on a geographic basis, net sales increased in both north america and international. operating earnings were $727 million in 2020, compared to $587 million in 2019. operating margin increased in 2020 to 26.2% from 22.9% in 2019 due to higher sales and gross margin contribution, along with reduced operating expenses primarily driven by operating leverage, inclusive of lower employee incentive costs and travel expenses. the overall reduction in operating expenses was partially offset by: (i) $6 million higher reorganization of business expenses, (ii) $5 million higher intangible amortization driven by acquisitions, and (iii) higher operating expenses from acquisitions.
covid-19
in response to the covid-19 pandemic, there have been a broad number of governmental and commercial actions taken to limit the spread of the virus, including social distancing measures, stay-at-home orders, travel restrictions, business shutdowns and slowdowns. these actions have resulted in a significant decline in global economic activity, and accordingly, we have assessed the impact on our employees, customers, communities, liquidity and financial position.
we continue to abide by a number of measures in an effort to protect the health and well-being of our employees and customers, including having office workers work remotely, suspending employee travel, withdrawing from certain industry events, increasing the frequency of cleaning services, encouraging face coverings, and using thermal scanning. we have continued to ensure customer continuity by fulfilling several emergency orders, completing remote software maintenance where possible, and continuing to service our mission-critical networks on-site as needed to ensure seamless operations. our sales teams have also continued to improve virtual engagement with our customers. additionally, our engineering teams have adapted our solutions offerings to equip our customers with the latest technology in an effort to protect their workplaces from the spread of covid-19. specifically, in video security and analytics, we have adapted our software and hardware offerings to provide analytics addressing occupancy counting, face mask detection, and thermal detection capabilities.
we believe our existing balances of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, along with other short-term liquidity arrangements, will be sufficient to satisfy our liquidity requirements associated with our existing operations. during the first quarter of 2020, we proactively withdrew $800 million from our unsecured revolving credit facility, which we repaid during the twelve months ended december 31, 2020. we were in compliance with all applicable covenants in our unsecured revolving credit facility as of december 31, 2020. additionally, we have no bond maturities until 2023.
we continue to evaluate our financial position during this economic slowdown. specifically, in our software and services segment, with the largely recurring nature of the business and our strong backlog position, we continue to expect that the impacts on net sales and operating margin will be limited in 2021. in our products and systems integration segment, the impacts on net sales and operating margin were more significant during the first half of 2020 with reduced impact in the fourth quarter of 2020. reduced demand, particularly in our pcr business, as well as delays in engagements with our state and local customers led to a decline in net sales for the product and systems integration segment in 2020 as compared to 2019. within the products and systems integration segment, we are encouraged by strong lmr backlog, and the resiliency of the video security and analytics technology, that has experienced growth in the year, as we enter 2021. in 2021, covid-19 may continue to have an impact on net sales and operating margins within our products and systems integration segment. however, given the prioritization of mission critical communication solutions, we do not anticipate funding at the state and local levels to have a material, negative effect on our expected net sales for 2021. we have also taken actions in a number of areas to reduce our operating expenses, including lower variable employee compensation, travel costs, contractor spend and reducing our real estate footprint to limit the negative effect on operating margins for 2020; however, a portion of these expenses, primarily variable compensation and certain travel expenses are likely to return in 2021. in addition, our supply chain partners have been supportive and continue to work to fulfill the necessary service levels to the company and its customers.
we continue to closely monitor the impact of covid-19 on our business and geographies, including how it is impacting our customers, suppliers, and business partners. however, the future impact that covid-19 will have on our financial position and operating results may be affected by numerous uncertainties, including the severity of the virus, the duration of the outbreak, governmental, business or other actions, impacts on our supply chain, the effect on customer demand, or changes to our operations. the impacts of a potential worsening of global economic conditions and the continued disruptions to, and volatility in, the credit and financial markets, as well as other unanticipated consequences, remain unknown. further, additional outbreaks of covid-19 in fiscal 2021 or beyond would cause many of the impacts described herein to return or be exacerbated.
for further information, please see "part 1. item 1. business" and "part 1. item 1a. risk factors" in this form 10-k. the company's current expectations described above are forward-looking statements and our actual results may differ.
recent acquisitions technology                          segment                                                     acquisition                                                             description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             purchase price        date of acquisition command center software             software and services                                       callyo                                                                  provider of cloud-based mobile applications for law enforcement in north america, including critical mobile technological capabilities that enable information to flow seamlessly from the field to the command center.               $63 million, inclusive of share-based compensation of $3 million            august 28, 2020
video security and analytics        products and systems integrationsoftware and services       pelco, inc.                                                             global provider of video security solutions, adding a broad range of products for a variety of commercial and industrial environments and use cases.                                                                                                                                      $110 million              july 31, 2020
video security and analytics        products and systems integrationsoftware and services       indigovision group plc                                                  provider of video security solutions to enhance geographical reach across a wider customer base.                                                                                                                                                                                           $37 million              june 16, 2020
lmr                                 software and services                                       unnamed cybersecurity services business                                 provider of vulnerability assessments, cybersecurity consulting, and managed services, including security monitoring of network operations.                                                                                                                                                $32 million             april 30, 2020
lmr                                 software and services                                       unnamed cybersecurity services business                                 provider of vulnerability assessments, cybersecurity consulting, managed services, and remediation and response capabilities.                                                                                                         $40 million, inclusive of share-based compensation of $6 million              march 3, 2020
video security and analytics        software and services                                       unnamed data solutions business for vehicle location information        provider of additional data to our existing license plate recognition database.                                                                                                                                                                                                            $85 million           october 16, 2019
video security and analytics        products and systems integrationsoftware and services       watchguard, inc.                                                        provider of in-car and body-worn video solutions.                                                                                                                                                                                   $271 million, inclusive of share-based compensation of $16 million              july 11, 2019
lmr                                 products and systems integrationsoftware and services       avtec, inc.                                                             provider of dispatch communications for u.s. public safety and commercial customers to communicate, coordinate resources, and secure their facilities.                                                                                                                                    $136 million             march 11, 2019
video security and analytics        products and systems integrationsoftware and services       vaas international holdings                                             global provider of data and image analytics for vehicle location.                                                                                                                                                                   $445 million, inclusive of share-based compensation of $38 million            january 7, 2019
video security and analytics        products and systems integrationsoftware and services       avigilon corporation                                                    provider of advanced security and video solutions including video analytics, network video management hardware and software, video cameras, and access control solutions.                                                                                                                 $974 million             march 28, 2018
command center software             software and services                                       plant holdings, inc.                                                    provider of next generation 911 solutions.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                $237 million              march 7, 2018
change in presentation during the first quarter of 2020, the company restructured to realize more operational efficiencies, combining our europe, middle east and africa ("emea"), asia pacific ("ap"), and latin america ("la") regions into one region, which is now reflected as "international." accordingly, the company now reports net sales in the following two geographic regions: north america, which includes the united states and canada, and international. in addition, during the fourth quarter of 2020, the company updated its presentation of major products and services to provide a more comprehensive view of our technologies within our reporting segments. accordingly, the company now reports net sales in the following three major products and services: lmr mission critical communications, video security, and command center software. the company has updated all periods presented to reflect this change in presentation. refer to note 2 of our consolidated financial statements in "part ii. item 8. financial statements and supplementary data" of this form 10-k for further information.
looking forward we continue to focus on growth opportunities across our portfolio of technologies.
we expect continued growth within our global lmr installed base as a number of events such as natural disasters and large-scale incidents continue to reinforce the importance of having secure, reliable lmr for public safety. we believe our augmentation of lmr with broadband solutions will also drive growth, as we expect our customers will look to integrate valuable data capabilities. we expect to provide additional services to existing lmr customers as communication networks become more complex, software-centric and data-driven.
as public safety needs continue to evolve, we anticipate growth opportunities within the command center as our command center software suite covers the mission critical workflow, from 911 intake to case closure and management. we expect increased growth in our integrated software next generation core services and our cloud-based solutions, such as the premierone cloud suite.
within video security and analytics, we expect growth across our portfolio of fixed and mobile security solutions embedded with advanced analytics, and access control solutions. we believe drivers include expansion of traditional video sales beyond commercial customers to government and public safety customers. additionally, we expect customers to continue to embrace analytics that convert video into data and the scalability of the cloud to run their operations, and we also expect continued expansion of offerings such as video-as-a-service and avigilon cloud services.
finally, we anticipate new opportunities from the investments we are making to integrate our lmr, command center software and video security and analytics technologies into one unified ecosystem. we have made go-to-market and research and development investments in both video security and analytics and our command center software technologies with growth in mind. we have made a number of acquisitions and we see opportunities to continue to rationalize costs within both segments of our business, further driving operating leverage in our businesses. we believe our integrated ecosystem for public and enterprise safety can enable strong collaboration by removing system silos, simplifying management and automating workflows.
refer to "covid-19" set forth in "part ii. item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" of this form 10-k for a discussion of our outlook with respect to the continuing impact of covid-19 on the company's financial condition and results of operations.
results of operations years ended december 31
(dollars in millions, except per share amounts)                            2020                    % of                    2019                    % of                    2018                    % of sales **                                        sales **                                        sales **
net sales from products                                              $4,087                                           $4,746                                          $4,463
net sales from services                                               3,327                                            3,141                                           2,880
net sales                                                             7,414                                            7,887                                           7,343
costs of product sales                                                1,872                   45.8    %                2,049                  43.2    %                2,035                  45.6    %
costs of services sales                                               1,934                   58.1    %                1,907                  60.7    %                1,828                  63.5    %
costs of sales                                                        3,806                   51.3    %                3,956                  50.2    %                3,863                  52.6    %
gross margin                                                          3,608                   48.7    %                3,931                  49.8    %                3,480                  47.4    %
selling, general and administrative expenses                          1,293                   17.4    %                1,403                  17.8    %                1,254                  17.1    %
research and development expenditures                                   686                    9.3    %                  687                   8.7    %                  637                   8.7    %
other charges                                                           246                    3.3    %                  260                   3.3    %                  334                   4.5    %
operating earnings                                                    1,383                   18.7    %                1,581                  20.0    %                1,255                  17.1    %
other income (expense):
interest expense, net                                                 (220)                  (3.0)    %                (220)                 (2.8)    %                (222)                 (3.0)    %
gains (losses) on sales of investments and businesses, net              (2)                      -    %                    5                   0.1    %                   16                   0.2    %
other                                                                    13                    0.2    %                (365)                 (4.6)    %                   53                   0.7    %
total other expense                                                   (209)                  (2.8)    %                (580)                 (7.4)    %                (153)                 (2.1)    %
net earnings before income taxes                                      1,174                   15.8    %                1,001                  12.7    %                1,102                  15.0    %
income tax expense                                                      221                    3.0    %                  130                   1.6    %                  133                   1.8    %
net earnings                                                            953                   12.9    %                  871                  11.0    %                  969                  13.2    %
less: earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests                   4                    0.1    %                    3                     -    %                    3                     -    %
net earnings*                                                          $949                   12.8    %                 $868                  11.0    %                 $966                  13.2    %
earnings per diluted common share*                                    $5.45                                            $4.95                                           $5.62
*    amounts attributable to motorola solutions, inc. common shareholders.
**    percentages may not add due to rounding.
geographic market sales by locale of end customer
2020                                         2019               2018
north america           68   %             67   %             64   %
international           32   %             33   %             36   %
100                          %            100   %            100   %
results of operations-2020 compared to 2019
net sales years ended december 31
(in millions)                                                  2020   2019                                        % change net sales from products and systems integration          $4,634                      $5,329                      (13)    %
net sales from software and services                      2,780                       2,558       9                      %
net sales                                                $7,414                      $7,887                       (6)    %
the products and systems integration segment's net sales represented 63% of our net sales in 2020, compared to 68% in 2019. the software and services segment's net sales represented 37% of our net sales in 2020, compared to 32% in 2019.
net sales decreased by $473 million, or 6%, compared to 2019. the 13% decline in net sales within the products and systems integration segment was driven by an 11% decline in the north america region and an 18% decline in the international region. the 9% increase in the software and services segment was driven by a 12% increase in the north america region and a 4% increase in the international region. the decrease in net sales included:
•a decline in the products and systems integration segment, inclusive of $119 million of revenue from acquisitions, driven by a decline in public safety lmr and pcr, partially offset by growth in video security;
•growth in the software and services segment, inclusive of $84 million of revenue from acquisitions, driven by an increase in video security and analytics, command center software, and lmr services due to strong demand in the north america region; and
•$12 million from unfavorable currency rates.
regional results included:
•a 5% decline in the north america region, inclusive of revenue from acquisitions, driven by declines in public safety lmr and pcr, partially offset by growth in video security and analytics, lmr services, and command center software; and
•a 9% decline in the international region, inclusive of revenue from acquisitions, driven by declines in public safety lmr and pcr, partially offset by growth in video security and analytics, command center software, and lmr public safety services.
products and systems integration the 13% decrease in the products and systems integration segment was driven by the following:
•17% decline in public safety lmr and pcr, inclusive of revenue from acquisitions, in both the international and north america regions, primarily driven by a delay in customer engagement due to the covid-19 pandemic;
•partially offset by $143 million, or 29%, growth in video security and analytics, inclusive of revenue from acquisitions, in both the international and north america regions; and
•$3 million from favorable currency rates.
software and services the 9% increase in the software and services segment was driven by the following:
•6% growth in lmr services, inclusive of revenue from acquisitions, driven by the north america region;
•36% growth in video security and analytics, inclusive of revenue from acquisitions, driven by both the north america and international regions;
•7% growth in command center software, inclusive of revenue from acquisitions, driven by both the north america and international regions; and
•partially offset by $15 million from unfavorable currency rates.
gross margin years ended december 31
(in millions)                 2020   2019                                    % change gross margin            $3,608                      $3,931                   (8)       %
gross margin was 48.7% of net sales in 2020 and 49.8% of net sales in 2019. the decrease was driven by:
•lower gross margin contribution in products and systems integration segment as a result of the decline in public safety lmr and pcr sales, as well as lower margins on projects driven by a delay in engagements from covid-19, partially offset by lower incentive costs; and
•partially offset by higher gross margins within the software and services segment, inclusive of acquisitions, primarily driven by higher gross margin contribution from sales growth, driven by improved mix of service offerings and lower travel and incentive costs.
selling, general and administrative ("sg&a") expenses years ended december 31
(in millions)                                               2020   2019                                    % change selling, general and administrative expenses          $1,293                      $1,403                   (8)       %
sg&a expenses decreased 8% in 2020 compared to 2019. sg&a expenses were 17.4% of net sales in 2020 compared to 17.8% of net sales in 2019. the decrease in sg&a expenses was primarily due to reduced employee incentive costs, travel expenses, and indirect expenses. the overall reduction in sg&a expenses was partially offset by expenses associated with acquired businesses.
research and development ("r&d") expenditures years ended december 31
(in millions)                                       2020   2019                                  % change research and development expenditures           $686                      $687                   -         %
r&d expenditures remained consistent in 2020 compared to 2019. r&d expenditures were 9.3% of net sales in 2020 and 8.7% of net sales in 2019.
other charges years ended december 31
(in millions)                2020   2019
other charges           $246                          $260
other charges decreased by $16 million in 2020 compared to 2019 primarily due to the following:
•$50 million gain on sale of a manufacturing facility in europe in 2020;
•partially offset by $57 million of net reorganization of business charges in 2020 as compared to $40 million in 2019 (see note 14 of our consolidated financial statements in "part ii. item 8. financial statements and supplementary data" of this form 10-k for further information);
•$215 million of amortization of intangibles in 2020 compared to $208 million in 2019;
•$9 million of legal settlements in 2020 compared to $3 million in 2019;
•$9 million of charges for acquisition-related transaction fees in 2020 as compared to $3 million in 2019; and
•$5 million of fixed asset impairments.
operating earnings years ended december 31
(in millions)                                                            2020                            2019
operating earnings from products and systems integration            $656                            $994
operating earnings from software and services                        727                             587
operating earnings                                                $1,383                          $1,581
operating earnings decreased $198 million, or 13%, compared to 2019. the decrease in operating earnings was due to:
•products and systems integration decreased by $338 million from 2020 to 2019 driven by lower sales and gross margin contribution, partially offset by lower operating expenses driven by lower employee incentive costs, indirect expenses, and travel expenses. the overall reduction in operating expenses was offset by: (i) $23 million higher reorganization of business expenses, (ii) $11 million higher share-based compensation expenses, and (iii) higher operating expenses from acquisitions.
35
•software and services segment increased by $140 million from 2020 to 2019 driven by higher sales and gross margin contribution, along with reduced operating expenses due to operating leverage, inclusive of lower employee incentive costs and travel expenses. the overall reduction in operating expenses was partially offset by: (i) $6 million higher reorganization of business expenses, (ii) $5 million higher intangible amortization driven by acquisitions, and (iii) higher operating expenses from acquisitions.
interest expense, net years ended december 31
(in millions)                 2020             2019
interest expense, net         $(220)                          $(220)
interest expense, net in 2020 compared to 2019 remained relatively consistent due to a one-time receipt of interest income related to a tax refund and lower interest rates on debt outstanding, offset by lower interest income earned on cash due to lower interest rates.
gains (losses) on sales of investments and businesses, net years ended december 31
(in millions)                                                     2020           2019
gains (losses) on sales of investments and businesses, net        $(2)                               $5
the net gains (losses) in 2020 and 2019 were primarily related to the sales of various equity investments.
other, net years ended december 31
(in millions)                2020   2019
other, net               $13                       $(365)
the change in net other income in 2020 as compared to net other expense in 2019 was primarily comprised of:
•$359 million u.s pension settlement loss in 2019 (see note 8 of our consolidated financial statements in "part ii. item 8. financial statements and supplementary data" of this form 10-k for further information);
•$25 million gain on derivatives in 2020 compared to an $8 million loss on derivatives in 2019;
•$4 million of investment impairments in 2020 compared to $18 million in 2019;
•partially offset by $44 million of foreign currency losses in 2020 compared to $22 million in 2019; and
•$56 million of net losses from repurchases of long term debt in 2020 as compared to a loss of $46 million in 2019 (see note 5 of our consolidated financial statements in "part ii. item 8. financial statements and supplementary data" of this form 10-k for further information).
effective tax rate years ended december 31
(in millions)                      2020   2019
income tax expense            $221                          $130
income tax expense increased by $91 million in 2020 compared to 2019, for an effective tax rate of 18.8%, which is lower than the current u.s. federal statutory rate of 21% primarily due to:
•$48 million of benefits due to the recognition of excess tax benefits on share-based compensation; and
•$28 million of benefits due to the recognition of increased prior and current r&d tax credits.
our effective tax rate in 2019 was 13.0%, which is lower than the current u.s. federal statutory rate of 21% primarily related to:
•a $77 million benefit due to the partial release of a valuation allowance to our u.s. foreign tax credit carryforward (see note 7 of our consolidated financial statements in "part ii. item 8. financial statements and supplementary data" of this form 10-k for further information); and
•$27 million of benefits due to the recognition of excess tax benefits on share-based compensation.
results of operations-2019 compared to 2018
net sales years ended december 31
(in millions)                                                  2019   2018                                        % change net sales from products and systems integration          $5,329                      $5,100                         5    %
net sales from software and services                      2,558                       2,243                        14    %
net sales                                                $7,887                      $7,343                         7    %
the products and systems integration segment's net sales represented 68% of our consolidated net sales in 2019, compared to 69% in 2018. the software and services segment's net sales represented 32% of our consolidated net sales in 2019, compared to 31% in 2018.
net sales increased by $544 million, or 7%, in 2019 compared to 2018. net sales in the software and services segment increased approximately 14%, which was comprised of a 22% increase in the north america region and a 6% sales increase in the international region. net sales in the products and systems integration segment increased approximately 5%, which is comprised of a 10% increase in the north america region partially offset by an 8% decrease in the international region. the increase in net sales included:
•an increase in the products and systems integration segment, inclusive of $157 million of revenue from acquisitions, driven by growth in lmr and video security and analytics;
•growth in the software and services segment, inclusive of $155 million of revenue from acquisitions, driven by an increase in video security and analytics, command center software, and lmr services due to strong demand in the north america region; and
•partially offset by $113 million from unfavorable currency rates.
regional results include:
•13% increase in the north america region, inclusive of revenue from acquisitions, across video security and analytics, lmr, and command center software within both the products and systems integration and the software and services segments; and
•3% decline in the international region, inclusive of revenue from acquisitions, driven by declines in public safety lmr and pcr, partially offset by growth in video security and analytics and command center software.
products and systems integration the 5% growth in the products and systems integration segment was driven by:
•57% growth in video security and analytics, inclusive of acquisitions, driven by growth in the north america and international regions;
•1% growth in lmr, inclusive of acquisitions, driven by growth in the north america region and partially offset by a decline in the international region, which had two large system deployments completed in the middle east and africa in 2018; and
•partially offset by $54 million foreign currency headwinds.
software and services the 14% growth in the software and services segment was driven by the following:
•223% growth in video security and analytics, inclusive of acquisitions, driven by both the north america and international regions;
•26% growth in command center software, inclusive of acquisitions, driven by both the north america and international regions;
•4% growth in lmr services, inclusive of acquisitions, primarily driven by the north america region; and
•partially offset by $59 million of foreign currency headwinds.
gross margin years ended december 31
(in millions)                 2019   2018                                    % change gross margin            $3,931                      $3,480       13                    %
gross margin was 49.8% of net sales in 2019 and 47.4% of net sales in 2018. the increase was driven by:
•higher margins in the products and systems integration segment primarily driven by a favorable mix in lmr devices; and
•higher margins within the software and services segment primarily driven by higher software sales, inclusive of acquisitions.
selling, general and administrative expenses years ended december 31
(in millions)                                               2019   2018                                    % change selling, general and administrative expenses          $1,403                      $1,254       12                    %
sg&a expenses increased 12% in 2019 compared to 2018. sg&a expenses were 17.8% of net sales in 2019 compared to 17.1% of net sales in 2018. the increase in sg&a expenses was primarily due to increased expenses associated with acquired businesses, including the deployment of additional sales resources to support video security and analytics growth initiatives.
research and development expenditures years ended december 31
(in millions)                                       2019   2018                                  % change research and development expenditures           $687                      $637       8                     %
r&d expenditures increased 8% in 2019 compared to 2018. r&d expenditures were 8.7% of net sales in each of 2019 and 2018. the increase in r&d expenses was primarily due to acquired businesses, specifically in video security and analytics, as well as new product launches.
other charges years ended december 31
(in millions)                2019   2018
other charges           $260                          $334
the decrease in other charges in 2019 as compared to 2018 can be summarized as follows:
•a $57 million charge in 2018 related to ongoing remediation efforts for an environmental clean-up incurred by a legacy business (see note 4 of our consolidated financial statements in "part ii. item 8. financial statements and supplementary data" of this form 10-k for further information);
•$40 million of net reorganization of business charges in 2019 as compared to $61 million in 2018 (see note 14 of our consolidated financial statements in "part ii. item 8. financial statements and supplementary data" of this form 10-k for further information);
•$3 million of charges for acquisition-related transaction fees in 2019 as compared to $24 million in 2018; partially offset by
•$208 million of amortization of intangibles in 2019 compared to $188 million in 2018.
operating earnings years ended december 31
(in millions)                                                            2019                            2018
operating earnings from products and systems integration            $994                            $854
operating earnings from software and services                        587                             401
operating earnings                                                $1,581                          $1,255
operating earnings increased by $326 million, or 26%, in 2019 compared to 2018. the increase in operating earnings was due to:
38
•software and services segment increased by $186 million from 2018 to 2019 due to higher sales and gross margin, as well as lower operating expenses driven by: (i) $17 million lower environmental reserve expenses, (ii) $11 million lower acquisition-related transaction fees, and (iii) $5 million lower reorganization of business expenses, partially offset by $4 million higher intangible amortization driven by acquisitions.
•products and systems integration increased by $140 million from 2018 to 2019 due to higher sales and gross margin, as well as lower operating expenses driven by: (i) $40 million lower environmental reserve expenses, (ii) $15 million lower reorganization of business expenses, and (iii) $10 million lower acquisition-related transaction fees, partially offset by $16 million higher intangible amortization driven by acquisitions.
interest expense, net years ended december 31
(in millions)                 2019             2018
interest expense, net         $(220)                          $(222)
interest expense, net in 2019 compared to 2018 remained relatively consistent given the similar average outstanding debt balance.
gains (losses) on sales of investments and businesses, net years ended december 31
(in millions)                                                    2019   2018
gains on sales of investments and businesses, net             $5                           $16
the net gains in 2019 and 2018 were primarily related to the sales of various equity investments.
other, net years ended december 31
(in millions)        2019             2018
other, net           $(365)                              $53
the change in net other expense in 2019 as compared to net other income in 2018 was primarily comprised of:
•$359 million u.s. pension settlement loss in 2019 (see note 8 of our consolidated financial statements in "part ii. item 8. financial statements and supplementary data" of this form 10-k for further information); and
•$46 million of net losses from repurchases of long term debt as compared to a gain of $6 million in 2018 (see note 5 of our consolidated financial statements in "part ii. item 8. financial statements and supplementary data" of this form 10-k for further information).
effective tax rate years ended december 31
(in millions)                      2019   2018
income tax expense            $130                          $133
income tax expense decreased by $3 million in 2019 as compared to 2018, for an effective tax rate of 13.0%, which is lower than the current u.s. federal statutory rate of 21% primarily due to:
•a $77 million benefit due to the partial release of a valuation allowance to our u.s. foreign tax credit carryforward (see note 7 of our consolidated financial statements in "part ii. item 8. financial statements and supplementary data" of this form 10-k for further information); and
•$27 million of benefits due to the recognition of excess tax benefits on share-based compensation.
our effective tax rate in 2018 was 12.1% which is lower than the current u.s. federal statutory rate of 21% primarily related to:
•$79 million benefits related to updates of the provisional amounts on the impact of the tax cuts and jobs act of 2017; and
•$30 million of benefits due to the recognition of excess tax benefits on share-based compensation.
39
reorganization of businesses in 2020, we recorded net reorganization of business charges of $86 million relating to the separation of 1,200 employees, of which 400 were indirect employees and 800 were direct employees. the $86 million of charges included $29 million recorded to cost of sales and $57 million recorded to other charges. included in the aggregate $86 million are charges of $100 million for employee separation costs and $2 million for exit costs, partially offset by $16 million of reversals for accruals no longer needed.
during 2019, we recorded net reorganization of business charges of $57 million relating to the separation of 700 employees, of which 500 were indirect employees and 200 were direct employees. the $57 million of charges included $17 million recorded to cost of sales and $40 million recorded to other charges. included in the aggregate $57 million were charges of $64 million for employee separation costs and $5 million for exit costs, partially offset by $12 million of reversals for accruals no longer needed.
during 2018, we recorded net reorganization of business charges of $120 million relating to the separation of 1,200 employees, of which 700 were indirect employees and 500 were direct employees. the $120 million of charges included $59 million recorded to cost of sales and $61 million recorded to other charges. included in the aggregate $120 million are charges of $122 million for employee separation costs and $16 million for exit costs, partially offset by $18 million of reversals for accruals no longer needed. also, included in the $120 million of charges for 2018 was a $44 million charge related to the announcement of our plan to close our europe manufacturing facility which impacted 165 employees primarily within the products and systems integration segment. the remainder of the initiatives impacted both of our segments and affected employees located in all geographic regions.
the following table displays the net charges incurred by business segment due to such reorganizations:
years ended december 31                     2020                2019                  2018
products and systems integration         $69                  $45                  $101
software and services                     17                   12                    19
86                                                            $57                  $120
cash payments for employee severance in connection with the reorganization of business plans were $85 million, $63 million, and $65 million in 2020, 2019, and 2018, respectively. the reorganization of business accruals for employee separation costs at december 31, 2020 were $79 million which we expect to pay within one year.
liquidity and capital resources years ended december 31
2020                                                                        2019                                             2018
cash flows provided by (used for):
operating activities                                           $1,613                      $1,823                      $1,075
investing activities                                            (437)                       (934)                     (1,266)
financing activities                                            (966)                     (1,144)                         220
effect of exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents              43                         (1)                        (40)
increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                 $253                      $(256)                       $(11)
cash and cash equivalents at december 31, 2020, $672 million of our $1.3 billion cash and cash equivalents balance was held in the u.s. and $582 million was held in other countries, with $203 million held in the united kingdom. restricted cash was $2 million at december 31, 2020 and december 31, 2019.
in 2020, we repatriated $395 million in cash to the u.s. from international jurisdictions. we routinely repatriate a portion of non-u.s. earnings each year. we have recorded income tax expense for foreign withholding tax and distribution taxes on such earnings and, under current u.s. tax laws, do not expect to incur material incremental u.s. tax on repatriation.
where appropriate, we may also pursue capital reduction activities; however, such activities can be involved and lengthy. while we regularly repatriate funds, and a portion of offshore funds can be repatriated with minimal adverse financial impact, repatriation of some of these funds may be subject to delay due to local country approvals.
operating activities the decrease in operating cash flows from 2019 to 2020 was driven by:
•a reduction of operating earnings as a result of lower sales volume;
•$43 million of higher income tax payments; and
•partially offset by improvements in working capital.
the increase in operating cash flows from 2018 to 2019 was driven by:
•$500 million debt-funded voluntary contribution to our u.s. pension plan in 2018 compared to no material contributions to our u.s. pension plan in 2019;
•higher operating earnings in 2019 as compared to 2018;
•$51 million settlement arising from a legacy business in 2018; and
•partially offset by $19 million of higher tax payments and $17 million of higher interest payments in 2019 compared to 2018.
investing activities the decrease in net cash used by investing activities from 2019 to 2020 was primarily due to:
•$422 million decrease in acquisitions and investments, driven by acquisitions of $287 million in 2020 compared to $709 million in 2019;
•$56 million increase in proceeds from the sale of property, plant and equipment driven by the sale of a european manufacturing facility in 2020; and
•$31 million decrease in capital expenditures in 2020 compared 2019 due to lower expenditures for the airwave and esn networks.
the decrease in net cash used by investing activities from 2018 to 2019 was primarily due to:
•$455 million decrease in acquisitions and investments, primarily driven by acquisitions of $709 million in 2019 compared to $1.2 billion in 2018;
•$79 million decrease in proceeds from sales of investments and businesses, driven by $60 million of excess cash received from company-sponsored life insurance investments in 2018; and
•partially offset by $51 million higher capital expenditures in 2019 compared 2018, due to higher spend associated with revenue-generating networks within our software and services segment.
financing activities the decrease in cash used by financing activities in 2020 compared to cash used by financing activities in 2019 was driven by (also see further discussion in "debt," "credit facilities," "share repurchase program" and "dividends" in this section below):
•$400 million used for the repayment of the term loan in 2019;
•$1.0 billion received from the issuance of 1.75% senior convertible notes due 2024 in 2019 which was subsequently used for the settlement of $1.1 billion of the 2.00% senior convertible notes, inclusive of the $326 million conversion premium in 2019;
•$804 million net proceeds from the issuance of $800 million of 4.6% senior notes due 2029 in 2019, which was subsequently used to repurchase $614 million principal amount of long-term debt under a tender offer and $150 million principal amount for the 3.5% senior notes due 2021 for a total purchase price of $809 million in 2019;
•$892 million net proceeds from the issuance of $900 million of 2.30% senior notes due 2030 in the third quarter of 2020, which was subsequently used to repurchase $552 million principal amount of 2.75% senior notes due 2022 and $293 million principal amount of long-term debt under a tender offer for a total purchase price of $897 million in 2020;
•$800 million net proceeds from the draw on our syndicated, unsecured revolving credit facility during 2020 which was subsequently repaid during the year; and
•partially offset by $612 million used for purchases under our share repurchase program in 2020 as compared to $315 million in 2019; and
•$436 million cash used for the payment of dividends in 2020 as compared to $379 million in 2019.
the increase in cash from financing activities in 2019, as compared to cash used in financing activities in 2018 was driven by:
•$1.1 billion used for the settlement of the 2.00% senior convertible notes, inclusive of the $326 million conversion premium compared to the settlement of $369 million during 2018, inclusive of the $169 million conversion premium;
•$400 million used in 2019 for the repayment of the term loan, compared to the $400 million of proceeds received from the issuance of the term loan in 2018;
•$379 million of cash used for the payment of dividends in 2019 as compared to $337 million in 2018;
•$315 million used for purchases under our share repurchase program in 2019 as compared to $132 million in 2018; and
•partially offset by $1.0 billion received from the issuance of 1.75% senior convertible notes due 2024 in 2019;
•$700 million of proceeds received from the issuance of 4.6% senior notes due 2028 in 2018;
•$804 million net proceeds from the issuance of $800 million of 4.6% senior notes due 2029 in 2019, which was subsequently used to repurchase $614 million principal amount of long-term debt under a tender offer and $150 million principal amount for the 3.5% senior notes due 2021 for a total purchase price of $809 million in 2019; and
•$114 million of net proceeds from the issuance of common stock in connection with our employee stock option and employee stock purchase plans in 2019, as compared to $168 million in 2018.
sales of receivables we may choose to sell accounts receivable and long-term receivables to third-parties under one-time arrangements. we may or may not retain the obligation to service the sold accounts receivable and long-term receivables.
the following table summarizes the proceeds received from sales of accounts receivable and long-term receivables for the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019, and 2018:
years ended december 31                             2020                  2019                  2018
contract-specific discounting facility          $228                     $-                    $-
accounts receivable sales proceeds                74                     34                    77
long-term receivables sales proceeds             181                    265                   270
total proceeds from receivable sales            $483                   $299                  $347
during the year ended december 31, 2020, we utilized a new cost-efficient receivable discounting facility to neutralize the impact of increased payment terms under a renegotiated and extended long-term contract in europe resulting in accounts receivable sales of $228 million during the year ended december 31, 2020. the net benefit to our operating cash flow from the utilization of the new receivable discounting facility during 2020, was an inflow of $61 million when adjusted for amounts that would still be collected from the customer within the period in the absence of utilizing the discounting facility. the proceeds of our receivable sales are included in "operating activities" within our consolidated statements of cash flows.
at december 31, 2020, the company had retained servicing obligations for $983 million of long-term receivables, compared to $984 million of long-term receivables at december 31, 2019. servicing obligations are limited to collection activities related to the sales of accounts receivables and long-term receivables.
debt we had outstanding long-term debt of $5.2 billion and $5.1 billion, including the current portions of $12 million and $16 million, at december 31, 2020 and december 31, 2019, respectively.
in may of 2019, we issued $650 million of 4.60% senior notes due 2029. we received proceeds of $645 million after debt issuance costs and debt discounts. these proceeds were then used to repurchase $614 million in principal amount of our outstanding long-term debt for a purchase price of $654 million, excluding $3 million of accrued interest. after accelerating the amortization of debt issuance costs and debt discounts, we recognized a loss of $43 million related to this repurchase in other, net within other income (expense) in our consolidated statements of operations.
in august of 2019, we issued a follow-on of $150 million to the outstanding 4.60% senior notes due 2029 bringing the total outstanding principal to $800 million. we recognized net proceeds of $159 million after debt premiums and debt issuance costs. these proceeds were then used to repurchase the remaining $150 million principal amount of the 3.5% senior notes due 2021 for a purchase price of $155 million, excluding $2 million of accrued interest. after accelerating the amortization of debt issuance costs, we recognized a loss of $7 million related to this repurchase in other, net within other income (expense) in our consolidated statements of operations.
on september 5, 2019, in connection with our repurchase and settlement of the outstanding principal amount of 2.00% senior convertible notes due 2020 issued to silver lake partners, we entered into an agreement with silver lake partners to issue $1.0 billion of 1.75% senior convertible notes which mature in september 2024 (the "new senior convertible notes"). interest on these notes is payable semiannually. the notes are convertible anytime on or after two years from their issuance date, except in certain limited circumstances. the notes are convertible based on a conversion rate of 4.9140 per $1,000 principal amount (which is equal to an initial conversion price of $203.50 per share). in the event of conversion, we intend to settle the principal amount of the new senior convertible notes in cash. we recorded a debt liability associated with the new senior convertible notes by determining the fair value of an equivalent debt instrument without a conversion option. using a discount rate of 2.45%, which was determined based on a review of relevant market data, we calculated the debt liability to be $986 million, indicating a $14 million discount to be amortized over the expected life of the debt instrument. the remaining proceeds of $14 million were allocated to the conversion option and accordingly, increased our additional paid-in capital.
in august of 2020, we issued $900 million of 2.30% senior notes due 2030. we recognized net proceeds of $892 million after debt issuance costs and debt discounts. a portion of these proceeds were then used to redeem $552 million in principal amount outstanding of the 3.75% senior notes due 2022 for a redemption price of $582 million, excluding $7 million of accrued interest. the remaining proceeds were used to repurchase $293 million in principal amount outstanding of our long-term debt under a tender offer, for a purchase price of $315 million, excluding $5 million of accrued interest. after accelerating the amortization of debt issuance costs and debt discounts, we recognized a loss of $56 million related to the redemption and the repurchase in other, net within other income (expense) in our consolidated statements of operations.
we have an unsecured commercial paper program, backed by the revolving credit facility described below, under which we may issue unsecured commercial paper notes up to a maximum aggregate principal amount of $2.2 billion outstanding at any one time. at maturity, the notes are paid back in full including the interest component. the notes are not redeemable prior to maturity. as of december 31, 2020, we had no outstanding debt under the commercial paper program.
credit facilities as of december 31, 2020, we had a $2.2 billion syndicated, unsecured revolving credit facility scheduled to mature in april 2022 (the "2017 motorola solutions credit agreement"). the 2017 motorola solutions credit agreement includes a $500 million letter of credit sub-limit with $450 million of fronting commitments. borrowings under the facility bear interest at the prime rate plus the applicable margin, or at a spread above the london interbank offered rate ("libor"), at our option. following the turmoil in the financial markets caused by the covid-19 pandemic, we borrowed $800 million under the facility to bolster our cash holdings out of precaution in the first quarter of 2020, of which the full $800 million was repaid during the year ended december 31, 2020. the weighted average borrowing rate for amounts outstanding during the year ended december 31, 2020 was 1.70%. an annual facility fee is payable on the undrawn amount of the credit line. the interest rate and facility fee are subject to adjustment if our credit rating changes. we must comply with certain customary covenants including a maximum leverage ratio, as defined in the 2017 motorola solutions credit agreement. we were in compliance with the financial covenants as of december 31, 2020.
share repurchase program through a series of actions, the board of directors has authorized an aggregate share repurchase amount of up to $14.0 billion of our outstanding shares of common stock (the "share repurchase program"). the share repurchase program does not have an expiration date. as of december 31, 2020, we used approximately $13.4 billion of the share repurchase authority, including transaction costs, to repurchase shares, leaving approximately $649 million of authority available for future repurchases.
our share repurchases, including transaction costs, for 2020, 2019, and 2018 are summarized as follows:
year       shares repurchased (in millions)                    average price                amount (in millions)
2020                       3.9                                $155.93                              $612
2019                       2.3                                 137.35                               315
2018                       1.2                                 112.42                               132
dividends we paid cash dividends to holders of our common stock of $436 million in 2020, $379 million in 2019, and $337 million in 2018. on january 15, 2020, we paid an additional $120 million in cash dividends to holders of our common stock.
adequate internal funding resources we believe that we have adequate internal resources available to fund expected working capital and capital expenditure requirements for the next twelve months as supported by the level of cash and cash equivalents in the u.s., the ability to repatriate funds from foreign jurisdictions, cash provided by operations, as well as liquidity provided by our commercial paper program backed by the $2.2 billion revolving credit facility. refer also to "covid-19" in this section of the form 10-k for a discussion of the impact of covid-19 on our liquidity.
contractual obligations and other purchase commitments summarized in the table and text below are our obligations and commitments to make future payments under long-term debt obligations, lease obligations, purchase obligations and tax obligations as of december 31, 2020.
payments due by period
(in millions)                                     total                  2021                  2022                  2023                    2024                  2025            uncertain                  thereafter timeframe long-term debt obligations, gross            $5,228                    $12                    $4                  $326                  $1,588                  $322               $-                         $2,976
lease obligations                               586                    141                   127                    73                      59                    47               -                 139
purchase obligations*                           209                     50                    52                    50                      51                     6               -                          -
tax obligations                                  64                      -                     -                     -                       -                     -      64                                  -
total contractual obligations                $6,087                   $203                  $183                  $449                  $1,698                  $375               $64                        $3,115
*amounts included represent firm, non-cancelable commitments.
lease obligations:  we lease certain office, factory and warehouse space, land, and other equipment, principally under non-cancelable operating leases. our future minimum lease obligations as of december 31, 2020 totaled $586 million. rental expense, net of sublease income, was $128 million in 2020, $133 million in 2019, and $108 million in 2018.
purchase obligations:  during the normal course of business, in order to manage manufacturing lead times and help ensure adequate component supply, we enter into agreements with contract manufacturers and suppliers that either allow them to procure inventory based upon criteria as defined by us or establish the parameters defining our requirements. in addition, we have entered into license agreements which are firm commitments and are not cancellable. we have entered into firm, non-cancelable, and unconditional commitments under such arrangements through 2025. the total payments expected to be made under these agreements as of december 31, 2020 were $209 million. we do not anticipate the cancellation of any of our take-or-pay agreements in the future and estimate that purchases from these suppliers will exceed the minimum obligations during the agreement periods.
tax obligations:  we had approximately $64 million of unrecognized income tax benefits relating to multiple tax jurisdictions and tax years as of december 31, 2020. based on the potential outcome of our global tax examinations, or the expiration of the statute of limitations for specific jurisdictions, it is reasonably possible that the unrecognized tax benefits will change within the next twelve months. the associated net tax impact (within the next twelve months) on the effective tax rate, exclusive of valuation allowance changes, is estimated to be up to a $13 million tax benefit.
commitments under other long-term agreements:  we have entered into certain long-term agreements to purchase software, components, supplies and materials from suppliers which are not "take-or-pay" in nature. most of the agreements extend for periods of one to three years (three to five years for software). generally, these agreements do not obligate us to make any purchases, and many permit us to terminate the agreement with advance notice (usually ranging from 60 to 180 days). if we were to terminate these agreements, we generally would be liable for certain termination charges, typically based on work performed and supplier on-hand inventory and raw materials attributable to canceled orders. our liability would only arise in the event we terminate the agreements for reasons other than "cause."
we outsource certain corporate functions, such as benefit administration and information technology-related services, under third-party contracts, the longest of which is expected to expire in 2023. our remaining payments under these contracts are approximately $41 million over the remaining life of the contracts as of december 31, 2020; however, these contracts can be terminated. termination would result in penalties substantially less than the remaining annual contract payments. we would also be required to find another source for these services, including the possibility of performing them in-house.
as is customary in bidding for and completing certain projects and pursuant to a practice we have followed for many years, we have a number of performance bonds, bid bonds, standby letters of credit and surety bonds outstanding (collectively, referred to as "performance bonds"), primarily relating to projects with our government customers. these performance bonds normally have maturities of multiple years and are standard in the industry as a way to give customers a convenient mechanism to seek resolution if a contractor does not satisfy certain requirements under a contract. typically, a customer can draw on the performance bond only if we do not fulfill all terms of a project contract. if such an occasion occurred, we would be obligated to reimburse the institution that issued the performance bond for the amounts paid. in our long history, it has been rare for us to have a performance bond drawn upon. outstanding performance bonds totaled approximately $2.6 billion as of december 31, 2020 and $2.5 billion as of december 31, 2019. any future disruptions, uncertainty, or volatility in bank, insurance or capital markets, or a change in our credit ratings could adversely affect our ability to obtain performance bonds and may result in higher funding costs to obtain such performance bonds.
off-balance sheet arrangements:  at december 31, 2020, we had no off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a material effect on our consolidated financial condition, changes in financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources, other than our obligation to settle the conversion option under the new senior convertible notes described in note 5 to the consolidated financial statements "part ii. item 8. financial statements and supplementary data" of this form 10-k.
other contingencies potential contractual damage claims in excess of underlying contract value:  in certain circumstances, we enter into contracts with customers pursuant to which the damages that could be claimed by the customer for failed performance might exceed the revenue we receive from the contract. contracts with these types of uncapped damages provisions are fairly rare, but individual contracts could still represent meaningful risk. there is a possibility that a claim by a counterparty to one of these contracts could result in expenses that are far in excess of the revenue received from the counterparty in connection with the contract.
indemnification provisions:  we may provide indemnifications for losses that result from the breach of general warranties contained in certain commercial and intellectual property agreements. historically, we have not made significant payments under these agreements, nor have there been significant claims asserted against us. however, there is an increasing risk in relation to intellectual property indemnities given the current legal climate. in indemnification cases, payment by us is conditioned on the other party making a claim pursuant to the procedures specified in the particular contract, which procedures typically allow us to challenge the other party's claims. in some instances we may have recourse against third-parties for certain payments made by us.
legal matters:  we are a defendant in various lawsuits, claims, and actions, which arise in the normal course of business. in the opinion of management, the ultimate disposition of these matters will not have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position or liquidity. however, an unfavorable resolution could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations in the periods in which the matters are ultimately resolved, or in the periods in which more information is obtained that changes management's opinion of the ultimate disposition.
long-term customer financing commitments outstanding commitments:  certain purchasers of our products and services may request that we provide long-term financing (defined as financing with a term of greater than one year) in connection with the sale of equipment. these requests may include all or a portion of the purchase price of the products and services. our obligation to provide long-term financing may be conditioned on the issuance of a letter of credit in favor of us by a reputable bank to support the purchaser's credit or a pre-existing commitment from a reputable bank to purchase the long-term receivables from us. we had outstanding commitments to provide long-term financing to third-parties totaling $78 million at december 31, 2020 and at december 31, 2019.
critical accounting policies this management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations discusses our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap"). the preparation of these financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, as well as the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period.
management bases its estimates and judgments on historical experience, current economic and industry conditions and on various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. this forms the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. management believes the following significant accounting policies require significant judgment and estimates.
revenue recognition we enter into arrangements which consist of multiple promises to our customers. we evaluate whether the promised goods and services are distinct or a series of distinct goods or services. where contracts contain multiple performance obligations, we generally allocate the total estimated consideration to each performance obligation based on applying an estimated selling price ("esp") as our best estimate of standalone selling price. we determine esp by: (i) collecting all reasonably available data points including sales, cost and margin analyses of the product or services, and other inputs based on our normal pricing and discounting practices, (ii) making any reasonably required adjustments to the data based on market and company-specific factors, and (iii) stratifying the data points, when appropriate, based on major product or service, type of customer, geographic market, and sales volume.
we account for certain system contracts on an over-time basis, electing an input method of estimated costs as a measure of performance completed. the selection of the measurement of progress using estimated costs was based on a thorough consideration of alternatives of various output and input measures, including contract milestones and labor hours. however, we have determined that other input and output measures are not an appropriate measure of progress as they do not accurately align with the transfer of control on our customized systems. the selection of costs incurred as a measure of progress aligns the transfer of control to the overall production of the customized system.
for system contracts accounted for over time using estimated costs as a measure of performance completed, we rely on estimates around the total estimated costs to complete the contract ("estimated costs at completion"). total estimated costs at completion include direct labor, material and subcontracting costs. due to the nature of the efforts required to be performed to meet the underlying performance obligation, determining estimated costs at completion may be complex and subject to many variables. we have a standard and disciplined quarterly process in which management reviews the progress and performance of open contracts in order to determine the best estimate of estimated costs at completion. as part of this process, management reviews information including, but not limited to, any outstanding key contract matters, progress towards completion, the project schedule, identified risks and opportunities, and the related changes in estimates of costs. the risks and opportunities include management's judgment about the ability and cost to achieve the project schedule, technical requirements, and other contract requirements. management must make assumptions and estimates regarding labor productivity and availability, the complexity of work to be performed, the availability and cost of materials, and performance by subcontractors, among other variables. based on this analysis, any quarterly adjustment to net sales, cost of sales, and the related impact to operating income are recorded as necessary in the period they become known. when estimates of total costs to be incurred on a contract exceed estimates of total revenue to be earned, a provision for the entire loss on the contract is recorded in the period in which the loss is determined.
retirement benefits our benefit obligations and net periodic pension costs (benefits) associated with our domestic noncontributory pension plans ("u.s. pension benefit plans"), our foreign noncontributory pension plans ("non-u.s. plans"), as well as our domestic postretirement health care plan ("postretirement health care benefits"), are determined using actuarial assumptions. the assumptions are based on management's best estimates, after consulting with outside investment advisors and actuaries.
accounting methodologies use an attribution approach that generally spreads the effects of individual events over the service lives of the participants in the plan, or estimated average lifetime when almost all of the plan participants are considered "inactive." examples of "events" are plan amendments and changes in actuarial assumptions such as discount rate, expected long-term rate of return on plan assets, and rate of compensation increases.
there are various assumptions used in calculating the net periodic costs (benefits) and related benefit obligations. one of these assumptions is the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets. the required use of the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets may result in recognized pension income that is greater or less than the actual returns of those plan assets in any given year. over time, however, the expected long-term returns are designed to approximate the actual long-term returns. we use a five-year, market-related asset value method of recognizing asset related gains and losses.
we use long-term historical actual return experience with consideration of the expected investment mix of the plans' assets, as well as future estimates of long-term investment returns, to develop our expected rate of return assumption used in calculating the net periodic pension cost (benefit) and the net postretirement health care benefit. our investment return assumption for the u.s. pension benefit plans was 6.85% in each of 2020 and 2019. our investment return assumption for the postretirement health care benefits plan was 6.90% in each of 2020 and 2019. our weighted average investment return assumption for the non-u.s. plans was 4.66% in 2020 and 5.23% in 2019.
a second key assumption is the discount rate. the discount rate assumptions used for the u.s. pension benefit plans, the non-u.s. plans and the postretirement health care benefits plan reflect, at december 31 of each year, the prevailing market rates for high-quality, fixed-income debt instruments that, if the obligation was settled at the measurement date, would provide the necessary future cash flows to pay the benefit obligation when due. our discount rates for measuring our u.s. pension benefit plan obligations were 2.63% and 3.32% at december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. our weighted average discount rates for measuring our non-u.s. plans were 1.24% and 1.82% at december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. our discount rates for measuring the postretirement health care benefits plan obligation were 2.39% and 3.15% at december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
under relevant accounting rules, when almost all of the plan participants are considered inactive, the amortization period for certain unrecognized losses changes from the average remaining service period to the average remaining lifetime of the participant. as such, depending on the specific plan, we amortize gains and losses over periods ranging from ten to thirty years. prior service costs are being amortized over periods ranging from one to twenty-nine years. benefits under all pension plans are valued based on the projected unit credit cost method.
valuation and recoverability of goodwill we assess the recorded amount of goodwill for recovery on an annual basis in the fourth quarter of each fiscal year. goodwill is assessed more frequently if an event occurs or circumstances change that would indicate it is more-likely-than-not that the fair value of a reporting unit is below its carrying amount. we continually assess whether any such events and circumstances have occurred, which requires a significant amount of judgment. such events and circumstances may include: (i) adverse changes in macroeconomic conditions, (ii) adverse changes in the industry or market in which we transact, (iii) changes in cost factors negatively impacting earnings and cash flows, (iv) negative or declining overall financial performance, (v) events affecting the carrying value or composition of a reporting unit, or (vi) a sustained decrease in share price, among others. any such adverse event or change in circumstances could have a significant impact on the recoverability of goodwill and could have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.
the goodwill impairment assessment is performed at the reporting unit level. a reporting unit is an operating segment or one level below an operating segment (referred to as a "component"). a component of an operating segment is a reporting unit if the component constitutes a business for which discrete financial information is available and segment management regularly reviews the operating results of that component. when two or more components of an operating segment have similar economic characteristics, the components are aggregated and deemed a single reporting unit. an operating segment is deemed to be a reporting unit if all of its components are similar, if none of its components is a reporting unit, or if the segment comprises only a single component. based on this guidance, we have determined that our products and systems integration and software and services segments are comprised of three and two reporting units, respectively. the company performed a qualitative assessment to determine whether it was more-likely-than-not that the fair value of each reporting unit was less than its carrying amount for the fiscal years 2020, 2019, and 2018. in performing this qualitative assessment we assessed relevant events and circumstances including macroeconomic conditions, industry and market conditions, cost factors, overall financial performance, changes in enterprise value, and entity-specific events. for fiscal years 2020, 2019, and 2018, we concluded it was more-likely-than-not that the fair value of each reporting unit exceeded its carrying value.
valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities we use the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes. under this method, income tax expense is recognized for the amount of taxes payable or refundable for the current year. in addition, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities, and for operating losses and tax credit carryforwards. management makes assumptions, judgments and estimates to determine our current and deferred tax provision and also the deferred tax assets and liabilities. we evaluate our deferred tax assets quarterly to determine if adjustments to our valuation allowance are required based on the consideration of all available positive and negative evidence.
our assumptions, judgments and estimates for computing the income tax provision takes into account current tax laws, our interpretation of current tax law and possible outcomes of current and future audits conducted by foreign and domestic tax authorities. we believe such estimates to be reasonable; however, the final determination of certain audits could significantly impact the amounts provided for income taxes in our financial statements.
recent accounting pronouncements see "note 1: summary of significant accounting policies" in "part ii. item 8: financial statements and supplementary data" of this form 10-k.
