item 1a.  risk factors in an enterprise as diverse as ours, a wide range of factors could affect future performance. we discuss in this section some of the risk factors that could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, value and results of operations. you should consider these risk factors in connection with evaluating the forward-looking statements contained in this annual report on form 10-k because these factors could cause our actual results and financial condition to differ materially from those projected in forward-looking statements.
risks related to the covid-19 pandemic the covid-19 pandemic has negatively disrupted, and may continue to have a negative impact, which could be material, on our ability to operate, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and capital investments.
in march 2020, the world health organization categorized the covid-19 pandemic outbreak as a pandemic, and the president of the united states declared the covid-19 pandemic outbreak a national emergency. covid-19 continues to spread and intensify throughout the united states and other countries across the world, and the ultimate duration and severity of its effects are currently unknown. the covid-19 pandemic has resulted in governments around the world implementing increasingly stringent measures to help control the spread of the virus, including quarantines, social distancing protocols, "shelter in place" and "stay at home" orders, travel restrictions, business curtailments, school closures and other measures. in addition, governments and central banks in several parts of the world have enacted fiscal and monetary stimulus measures to counteract the impacts of the covid-19 pandemic.
the covid-19 pandemic has negatively disrupted, and may continue to negatively impact, our business. while we have continued to operate during the course of the covid-19 pandemic in all of our production facilities and have supported multiple "critical infrastructure" sectors by manufacturing materials and products needed for medical supply chains, packaging, transportation, energy, communications, and other critical infrastructure industries, we have experienced unfavorable impacts on our manufacturing efficiencies due to the implementation of worker safety measures and cost increases from covid-19 pandemic-related supply disruptions. we have invested and will continue to invest significant time and resources in modifying our business practices for the continued health and safety of our employees and in managing the impact of the covid-19 pandemic on our global business. our focus on managing and mitigating the impacts of the covid-19 pandemic on our business, including complying with any new or modified government health regulations, for an unknown period of time may cause us to divert or delay the application of our resources toward other or new initiatives or investments, which may have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations.
governments around the world have implemented fiscal stimulus measures to counteract the effects of the covid-19 pandemic. the magnitude and overall effectiveness of these actions remain uncertain. the full extent to which the covid-19 pandemic will impact our business going forward will depend on future developments that are highly uncertain and cannot be accurately predicted, including, but not limited to, the duration and severity of the covid-19 pandemic, actions by government authorities to contain the outbreak or treat its impact, such as reimposing previously lifted measures or putting in place additional restrictions, the widespread distribution and acceptance of an effective vaccine, and the extent and severity of the impact on our customers, operations, and suppliers, all of which are uncertain and cannot be predicted. our future results of operations and liquidity could be adversely impacted by delays in payments of outstanding receivable amounts beyond normal payment terms, supply chain disruptions and uncertain demand.
additionally, to the extent the covid-19 pandemic adversely affects our business, results of operations or financial condition, it may heighten other risks described in this "risk factors" section below.
nordson corporation 11
table of contents risks related to economic conditions changes in united states or international economic conditions, including declines in the industries we serve, could adversely affect the profitability of any of our operations.
in 2020, approximately 36 percent of our revenue was generated in the united states, while approximately 64 percent was generated outside the united states. the covid-19 pandemic and related preventative and mitigation measures implemented by governments around the world have to date negatively impacted the global economy and created significant volatility and disruption of financial markets.
a general sustained slowdown in the global economy or in a particular region or industry or an increase in trade tensions with u.s. trading partners could negatively impact our business, financial condition or liquidity. our largest markets include consumer non-durable, industrial, medical, electronics, consumer durable and automotive. a slowdown in any of these specific end markets could directly affect our revenue stream and profitability.
a portion of our product sales is attributable to industries and markets, such as the electronics, polymer processing and metal finishing industries, which historically have been cyclical and sensitive to relative changes in supply and demand and general economic conditions. the demand for our products depends, in part, on the general economic conditions of the industries or national economies of our customers. downward economic cycles in our customers' industries or countries may reduce sales of some of our products. it is not possible to predict accurately the factors that will affect demand for our products in the future.
the current significant downturn in the health of the general economy, or any recession, depression or other sustained adverse market event resulting from the covid-19 pandemic, could have an adverse effect on our revenues and financial performance, resulting in impairment of assets. we cannot predict the strength or duration of the current economic slowdown and instability or the timing of any recovery.
our results have been and could continue to be impacted by uncertainty in u.s. trade policy, including uncertainty surrounding changes in tariffs, trade agreements or other trade restrictions imposed by the u.s. or other governments.
our ability to conduct business can be significantly impacted by changes in tariffs, changes or repeals of trade agreements, including the impact of the "united states-mexico-canada agreement" with mexico and canada, which replaced the north american free trade agreement, or the imposition of other trade restrictions or retaliatory actions imposed by various governments. other effects of these changes, including impacts on the price of raw materials, responsive actions from governments and the opportunity for competitors to establish a presence in markets where we participate, could also have significant impacts on our results. we cannot predict what further action may be taken with respect to tariffs or trade relations between the u.s. and other governments, and any further changes in u.s. or international trade policy could have an adverse impact on our business. further, the level of impact from the covid-19 pandemic and the reactions of governmental authorities and others thereto may have significant adverse effects on international trade policy.
significant movements in foreign currency exchange rates or change in monetary policy may harm our financial results.
we are exposed to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, particularly with respect to the euro, the yen, the pound sterling and the chinese yuan. any significant change in the value of the currencies of the countries in which we do business against the united states dollar could affect our ability to sell products competitively and control our cost structure, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. for additional detail related to this risk, see part ii, item 7a, quantitative and qualitative disclosure about market risk.
a significant portion of our consolidated revenues in 2020 were generated in currencies other than the united states dollar, which is our reporting currency. we recognize foreign currency transaction gains and losses arising from our operations in the period incurred. as a result, currency fluctuations between the united states dollar and the currencies in which we do business have caused and will continue to cause foreign currency transaction and translation gains and losses, which historically have been material and could continue to be material. we cannot predict the effects of exchange rate fluctuations upon our future operating results because of the number of currencies involved, the variability of currency exposures and the potential volatility of currency exchange rates. we take actions to manage our foreign currency exposure, such as entering into hedging transactions, where available, but we cannot assure that our strategies will adequately protect our consolidated operating results from the effects of exchange rate fluctuations. for example, uncertainty surrounding the impact of the covid-19 pandemic and the effects of brexit have caused increased volatility in global currency exchange rates that have resulted in the strengthening of the united states dollar against the foreign currencies in which we conduct business.  future adverse consequences arising from the covid-19 pandemic and brexit may include continued volatility in exchange rates.  any significant fluctuation in exchange rates may be harmful to our financial condition and results of operations. we also face risks arising from the imposition of exchange controls and currency devaluations. exchange controls may limit our ability to convert foreign currencies into united states dollars or to remit dividends and other payments by our foreign subsidiaries or customers located in or conducting business in a country imposing controls. currency devaluations diminish the united states dollar value nordson corporation 12
table of contents of the currency of the country instituting the devaluation and, if they occur or continue for significant periods, could adversely affect our earnings or cash flow.
risks related to our business and operations the company may be subject to risks relating to organizational changes.
we regularly execute organizational changes such as acquisitions, divestitures and realignments to support our growth and cost management strategies. we also engage in initiatives aimed to increase productivity, efficiencies and cash flow and to reduce costs. the company commits significant resources to identify, develop and retain key employees to ensure uninterrupted leadership and direction. if we are unable to successfully manage these and other organizational changes, the ability to complete such activities and realize anticipated synergies or cost savings as well as our results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. we cannot offer assurances that any of these initiatives will be beneficial to the extent anticipated, or that the estimated efficiency improvements, incremental cost savings or cash flow improvements will be realized as anticipated or at all.
political conditions in the u.s. and foreign countries in which we operate could adversely affect us.
we conduct our manufacturing, sales and distribution operations on a worldwide basis and are subject to risks associated with doing business both within and outside the united states. in 2020, approximately 64 percent of our total sales were generated outside the united states. we expect that international operations and united states export sales will continue to be important to our business for the foreseeable future. both sales from international operations and export sales are subject in varying degrees to risks inherent in doing business outside the united states. such risks include, but are not limited to, the following:
•risks of political or economic instability, such as brexit;
•unanticipated or unfavorable circumstances arising from host country laws or regulations;
•threats of war, terrorism or governmental instability;
•changes in tax rates, adoption of new tax laws or other additional tax policies, and other proposals to reform united states and foreign tax laws that impact how united states multinational corporations are taxed on foreign earnings;
•restrictions on the transfer of funds into or out of a country;
•potential negative consequences from changes to taxation policies;
•the disruption of operations from labor and political disturbances;
•the imposition of tariffs, import or export licensing requirements and other potential changes in trade policies and relations arising from policy initiatives implemented by the u.s. presidential administration;
•exchange controls or other trade restrictions including transfer pricing restrictions when products produced in one country are sold to an affiliated entity in another country; and
•government responses to the covid-19 pandemic.
any of these events could reduce the demand for our products, limit the prices at which we can sell our products, interrupt our supply chain, or otherwise have an adverse effect on our operating performance.
our international operations also depend upon favorable trade relations between the u.s. and those foreign countries in which our customers, subcontractors and materials suppliers have operations. a protectionist trade environment in either the u.s. or those foreign countries in which we do business, such as a change in the current tariff structures, export compliance or other trade policies, may materially and adversely affect our ability to sell our products in foreign markets. the current u.s. presidential administration has criticized existing trade agreements, and while it remains unclear what actions the current or future administration may take with respect to existing and proposed trade agreements, or restrictions on trade generally, more stringent export and import controls may be ultimately imposed in the future.
increased information technology (it) security threats and more sophisticated and targeted computer crime could pose a risk to our systems, networks, products, solutions and services.
we have experienced and expect to continue to experience cyber-attacks to our systems and networks. to date, we have not experienced any material breaches or material losses related to cyber-attacks. to conduct our business, we rely extensively on information technology systems, networks and services, some of which are managed, hosted and provided by third-party service providers. increased global it security threats and more sophisticated and targeted computer crime pose a risk to the security of our systems and networks and those of our third-party service providers and the confidentiality, availability and integrity of our data.  depending on their nature and scope, such threats could potentially lead to the compromising of nordson corporation 13
table of contents confidential information, including but not limited to confidential information relating to customer or employee data, improper use of our systems and networks, manipulation and destruction of data, defective products, production downtimes and operational disruptions, which in turn could adversely affect our reputation, competitiveness and results of operations.  a cyber-attack or other disruption may also result in financial loss, including potential fines for failure to safeguard data or losses in connection with any litigation that may result from a cyber-attack. our insurance coverage may not be adequate to cover all the costs arising from such events.
we have taken steps and incurred costs to further strengthen the security of our computer systems and continue to assess, maintain and enhance the ongoing effectiveness of our information security systems.  while we attempt to mitigate these risks by employing a number of measures, including employee training, comprehensive monitoring of our networks and systems, and maintenance of backup and protective systems, our systems, networks, products, solutions and services remain potentially vulnerable to advanced persistent threats.  the techniques used by criminals to obtain unauthorized access to sensitive data change frequently and often are not recognizable until launched against a target. accordingly, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventative measures. it is therefore possible that in the future we may suffer a criminal attack, unauthorized parties may gain access to personal information in our possession and we may not be able to identify any such incident in a timely manner.
the interpretation and application of data protection laws, including federal, state and international laws, relating to the collection, use, retention, disclosure, security and transfer of personally identifiable data in the u.s., europe and elsewhere (including but not limited to the european union's general data protection regulation, the brazilian general data protection law and the california consumer privacy act of 2018), are uncertain and evolving. it is possible that these laws may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our data practices. in addition, as a result of existing or new data protection requirements, we incur and expect to continue to incur significant ongoing operating costs as part of our significant efforts to protect and safeguard our sensitive data and personal information. these efforts also may divert management and employee attention from other business and growth initiatives. a breach in information privacy could result in legal or reputational risks and could have a negative impact on our revenues and results of operations.
if our intellectual property protection is inadequate, others may be able to use our technologies and tradenames and thereby reduce our ability to compete, which could have a material adverse effect on us, our financial condition and results of operations.
we regard much of the technology underlying our products and the trademarks under which we market our products as proprietary. the steps we take to protect our proprietary technology may be inadequate to prevent misappropriation of our technology, or third parties may independently develop similar technology. we rely on a combination of patents, trademark, copyright and trade secret laws, employee and third-party non-disclosure agreements and other contracts to establish and protect our technology and other intellectual property rights. the agreements may be breached or terminated, and we may not have adequate remedies for any breach, and existing trade secrets, patent and copyright law afford us limited protection. policing unauthorized use of our intellectual property is difficult. a third party could copy or otherwise obtain and use our products or technology without authorization. litigation may be necessary for us to defend against claims of infringement or to protect our intellectual property rights and could result in substantial cost to us and diversion of our efforts. further, we might not prevail in such litigation, which could harm our business.
our products could infringe on the intellectual property of others, which may cause us to engage in costly litigation and, if we are not successful, could cause us to pay substantial damages and prohibit us from selling our products.
third parties may assert infringement or other intellectual property claims against us based on their patents or other intellectual property claims, and we may have to pay substantial damages, possibly including treble damages, if it is ultimately determined our products infringe. we may have to obtain a license to sell our products if it is determined that our products infringe upon another party's intellectual property. we might be prohibited from selling our products before we obtain a license, which, if available at all, may require us to pay substantial royalties. even if infringement claims against us are without merit, defending these types of lawsuits takes significant time, may be expensive and may divert management attention from other business concerns.
failure to retain our existing senior management team or the inability to attract and retain qualified personnel could hurt our business and inhibit our ability to operate and grow successfully.
during 2019, we experienced a leadership change with the appointment of a new president and chief executive officer and, in 2020, we appointed a new chief financial officer. our success will continue to depend to a significant extent on the continued service of our executive management team and the ability to recruit, hire and retain other key management personnel to support our growth and operational initiatives and replace executives who retire or resign. failure to retain our leadership team and attract and retain other important management and technical personnel could place a constraint on our global growth and nordson corporation 14
table of contents operational initiatives, possibly resulting in inefficient and ineffective management and operations, which would likely harm our revenues, operations and product development efforts and eventually result in a decrease in profitability.
risks related to the execution of our strategy we continually assess the strategic fit of our existing businesses and may divest or otherwise dispose of businesses that are deemed not to fit with our strategic plan or are not achieving the desired return on investment, and we cannot be certain that our business, operating results and financial condition will not be materially and adversely affected.
a successful divestiture depends on various factors, including reaching an agreement with potential buyers on terms we deem attractive, as well as our ability to effectively transfer liabilities, contracts, facilities, and employees to any purchaser, identify and separate the intellectual property to be divested from the intellectual property that we wish to retain, reduce fixed costs previously associated with the divested assets or business, and collect the proceeds from any divestitures. these efforts require varying levels of management resources, which may divert our attention from other business operations. if we do not realize the expected benefits of any divestiture transaction, our consolidated financial position, results of operations, and cash flows could be negatively impacted. in addition, divestitures of businesses involve a number of risks, including significant costs and expenses, the loss of customer relationships, and a decrease in revenues and earnings associated with the divested business. furthermore, divestitures potentially involve significant post-closing separation activities, which could involve the expenditure of material financial resources and significant employee resources. any divestiture may result in a dilutive impact to our future earnings if we are unable to offset the dilutive impact from the loss of revenue associated with the divestiture, as well as significant write-offs, including those related to goodwill and other intangible assets, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
if we fail to develop new products or enhance existing products, or our customers do not accept the new or enhanced products we develop, our revenue and profitability could be adversely impacted.
innovation is critical to our success. we believe that we must continue to enhance our existing products and to develop and manufacture new products with improved capabilities in order to continue to be a leading provider of precision technology solutions. we also believe that we must continue to make improvements in our productivity in order to maintain our competitive position. difficulties or delays in research, development or production of new or enhanced products or failure to gain market acceptance of new or enhanced products and technologies may reduce future sales and adversely affect our competitive position. we continue to invest in the development and marketing of new or enhanced products. there can be no assurance that we will have sufficient resources to make such investments, that we will be able to make the technological advances necessary to maintain competitive advantages or that we can recover major research and development expenses. if we fail to make innovations, launch products with quality problems or the market does not accept our new products, our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity could be adversely affected. in addition, as new or enhanced products are introduced, we must successfully manage the transition from older products to minimize disruption in customers' ordering patterns, avoid excessive levels of older product inventories and ensure that we can deliver sufficient supplies of new products to meet customers' demands.
our growth strategy includes acquisitions, and we may not be able to execute on our acquisition strategy or integrate acquisitions successfully.
our recent historical growth has depended, and our future growth is likely to continue to depend, in part on our acquisition strategy and the successful integration of acquired businesses into our existing operations. we intend to continue to seek additional acquisition opportunities both to expand into new markets and to enhance our position in existing markets throughout the world. we cannot assure we will be able to successfully identify suitable acquisition opportunities, prevail against competing potential acquirers, negotiate appropriate acquisition terms, obtain financing that may be needed to consummate such acquisitions, complete proposed acquisitions, successfully integrate acquired businesses into our existing operations or expand into new markets. in addition, we cannot assure that any acquisition, once successfully integrated, will perform as planned, be accretive to earnings, or prove to be beneficial to our operations and cash flow.
the success of our acquisition strategy is subject to other risks and uncertainties, including:
•our ability to realize operating efficiencies, synergies or other benefits expected from an acquisition, and possible delays in realizing the benefits of the acquired company or products;
•diversion of management's time and attention from other business concerns;
•difficulties in retaining key employees, customers or suppliers of the acquired business;
•difficulties in maintaining uniform standards, controls, procedures and policies throughout acquired companies;
•adverse effects on existing business relationships with suppliers or customers;
nordson corporation 15

•the risks associated with the assumption of product liabilities or contingent or undisclosed liabilities of acquisition targets; and
•the ability to generate future cash flows or the availability of financing.
in addition, an acquisition could adversely impact our operating performance as a result of the incurrence of acquisition-related debt, pre-acquisition potential tax liabilities, acquisition expenses, the amortization of acquisition-acquired assets, or possible future impairments of goodwill or intangible assets associated with the acquisition.
we may also face liability with respect to acquired businesses for violations of environmental laws occurring prior to the date of our acquisition, and some or all of these liabilities may not be covered by environmental insurance secured to mitigate the risk or by indemnification from the sellers from which we acquired these businesses. we could also incur significant costs, including, but not limited to, remediation costs, natural resources damages, civil or criminal fines and sanctions and third-party claims, as a result of past or future violations of, or liabilities, associated with environmental laws.
any impairment in the value of our intangible assets, including goodwill, would negatively affect our operating results and total capitalization.
our total assets reflect substantial intangible assets, primarily goodwill. the goodwill results from our acquisitions and represents the excess of cost over the fair value of the identifiable net assets we acquired. we assess at least annually whether there has been any impairment in the value of our intangible assets. if future operating performance at one or more of our business units were to fall significantly below current levels, if competing or alternative technologies emerge, if market conditions for acquired businesses decline, if significant and prolonged negative industry or economic trends exist, if our stock price and market capitalization declines, or if future cash flow estimates decline, we could incur, under current applicable accounting rules, a non-cash charge to operating earnings for goodwill impairment. any determination requiring the write-off of a significant portion of unamortized intangible assets would negatively affect our results of operations and equity book value, the effect of which could be material.
risks related to legal, compliance and regulatory matters changes in united states and international tax law may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we are subject to income taxes in the united states and various foreign jurisdictions. changes in applicable domestic or foreign tax laws and regulations, or their interpretation and application, including the possibility of retroactive effect, could affect our business, financial condition and profitability by increasing our tax liabilities. our future results of operations could be adversely affected by changes in our effective tax rate as a result of a change in the mix of earnings in jurisdictions with differing statutory tax rates, changes in our overall profitability, changes in tax legislation and rates, changes in generally accepted accounting principles and changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities. the u.s. federal government may adopt changes to international trade agreements, tariffs, taxes and other government rules and regulations. while we cannot predict what changes will actually occur with respect to any of these items, such changes could affect our business and results of operations.
we may be exposed to liabilities under the foreign corrupt practices act (fcpa), which could have a material adverse effect on our business.
we are subject to compliance with various laws and regulations, including the fcpa, uk bribery act and similar worldwide anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws, which generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from engaging in bribery or making other improper payments to private or public parties for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business or gaining an unfair business advantage. the fcpa also requires proper record keeping and characterization of such payments in our reports filed with the sec. our employees are trained and required to comply with these laws, and we are committed to legal compliance and corporate ethics. violations of these laws could result in severe criminal or civil sanctions and financial penalties and other consequences that may have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, financial condition or results of operations.
the level of returns on pension plan assets and changes in the actuarial assumptions used could adversely affect us.
our operating results may be positively or negatively impacted by the amount of expense we record for our defined benefit pension plans. u.s. gaap requires that we calculate pension expense using actuarial valuations, which are dependent upon our various assumptions including estimates of expected long-term rate of return on plan assets, discount rates for future payment obligations, and the expected rate of increase in future compensation levels. our pension expense and funding requirements may also be affected by our actual return on plan assets and by legislation and other government regulatory actions. changes in nordson corporation 16
table of contents assumptions, laws or regulations could lead to variability in operating results and could have a material adverse impact on liquidity.
risks related to our capital structure our inability to comply with our existing credit facilities' restrictive covenants or to access additional sources of capital could impede growth or the repayment or refinancing of existing indebtedness.
the limits imposed on us by the restrictive covenants contained in our credit facilities could prevent us from making acquisitions or cause us to lose access to these facilities.
our existing credit facilities contain restrictive covenants that limit our ability to, among other things:
•borrow money or guarantee the debts of others;
•use assets as security in other transactions;
•make restricted payments or distributions; and
•sell or acquire assets or merge with or into other companies.
in addition, our credit facilities require us to meet financial ratios, including a "leverage ratio" and an "interest coverage ratio," both as defined in the credit facilities.
these restrictions could limit our ability to plan for or react to market conditions or meet extraordinary capital needs and could otherwise restrict our financing activities.
our ability to comply with the covenants and other terms of our credit facilities will depend on our future operating performance. if we fail to comply with such covenants and terms, we may be in default and the maturity of the related debt could be accelerated and become immediately due and payable. we may be required to obtain waivers from our lenders in order to maintain compliance under our credit facilities, including waivers with respect to our compliance with certain financial covenants. if we are unable to obtain necessary waivers and the debt under our credit facilities is accelerated, we would be required to obtain replacement financing at prevailing market rates.
we may need new or additional financing in the future to expand our business or refinance existing indebtedness. if we are unable to access capital on satisfactory terms and conditions, we may not be able to expand our business or meet our payment requirements under our existing credit facilities. our ability to obtain new or additional financing will depend on a variety of factors, many of which are beyond our control. we may not be able to obtain new or additional financing because we have substantial debt or because we may not have sufficient cash flow to service or repay our existing or future debt. in addition, depending on market conditions and our financial performance, neither debt nor equity financing may be available on satisfactory terms or at all. finally, as a consequence of worsening financial market conditions, our credit facility providers may not provide the agreed credit if they become undercapitalized.
changes in interest rates could adversely affect us.
any period of interest rate increases may adversely affect our profitability. at october 31, 2020, we had $1,105,995 of total debt and notes payable outstanding, of which 51 percent was priced at interest rates that float with the market. a one percentage point increase in the interest rate on the floating rate debt in 2020 would have resulted in approximately $6,535 of additional interest expense. a higher level of floating rate debt would increase the exposure to changes in interest rates. for additional detail related to this risk, see part ii, item 7a, quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk. additionally, the interest rates on some of our debt is tied to libor. in july 2017, the head of the united kingdom's financial conduct authority announced its intention to phase out the use of libor by the end of 2023.  the uncertainty regarding the future of libor, as well as the transition from libor to another benchmark rate or rates could have adverse impacts on our outstanding debt and notes payable that currently use libor as a benchmark rate, and ultimately, adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
general risk factors the insurance that we maintain may not fully cover all potential exposures.
we maintain property, business interruption and casualty insurance but such insurance may not cover all risks associated with the hazards of our business and is subject to limitations, including deductibles and maximum liabilities covered. we are potentially at risk if one or more of our insurance carriers fail. additionally, severe disruptions in the domestic and global financial markets could adversely impact the ratings and survival of some insurers. in the future, we may not be able to obtain coverage at current levels, and our premiums may increase significantly on coverage that we maintain.
nordson corporation 17
table of contents our business and operating results may be adversely affected by natural disasters or other catastrophic events beyond our control.
while we have taken precautions to prevent production and service interruptions at our global facilities, severe weather conditions such as hurricanes or tornadoes, as well as major earthquakes, wildfires and other natural disasters, as well as cyberterrorism, in areas in which we have manufacturing facilities or from which we obtain products may cause physical damage to our properties, closure of one or more of our manufacturing or distribution facilities, lack of an adequate work force in a market, temporary disruption in the supply of inventory, disruption in the transport of products and utilities, and delays in the delivery of products to our customers. any of these factors may disrupt our operations and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations note regarding amounts and fiscal year references in this annual report, all amounts related to united states dollars and foreign currency and to the number of nordson corporation's common shares, except for per share earnings and dividend amounts, are expressed in thousands. unless the context otherwise indicates, all references to "we," "us," "our," or the "company" mean nordson corporation.
unless otherwise noted, all references to years relate to our fiscal year ending october 31.
critical accounting policies and estimates our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states. the preparation of these financial statements requires management to make estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. on an ongoing basis, we evaluate the accounting policies and estimates that are used to prepare financial statements. we base our estimates on historical experience and assumptions believed to be reasonable under current facts and circumstances. actual amounts and results could differ from these estimates used by management.
certain accounting policies that require significant management estimates and are deemed critical to our results of operations or financial position are discussed below. on a regular basis, critical accounting policies are reviewed with the audit committee of the board of directors.
revenue recognition - a contract exists when it has approval and commitment from both parties, the rights of the parties are identified, payment terms are identified, the contract has commercial substance and collectability of the consideration is probable.  revenue is recognized when performance obligations under the terms of the contract with a customer are satisfied. generally, our revenue results from short-term, fixed-price contracts and is recognized as of a point in time when the product is shipped or at a later point when the control of the product transfers to the customer. refer to note 1 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion regarding the company's revenue recognition policy.
business combinations - the acquisitions of our businesses are accounted for under the acquisition method of accounting. the amounts assigned to the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed in connection with acquisitions are based on estimated fair values as of the date of the acquisition, with the remainder, if any, recorded as goodwill. the fair values are determined by management, taking into consideration information supplied by the management of the acquired entities, and other relevant information. such information typically includes valuations obtained from independent appraisal experts, which management reviews and considers in its estimates of fair values. the valuations are generally based upon future cash flow projections for the acquired assets, discounted to present value. the determination of fair values requires significant judgment by management, particularly with respect to the value of identifiable intangible assets. this judgment could result in either a higher or lower value assigned to amortizable or depreciable assets. the impact could result in either higher or lower amortization and/or depreciation expense.
goodwill - goodwill is the excess of purchase price over the fair value of tangible and identifiable intangible net assets acquired in various business combinations. goodwill is not amortized but is tested for impairment annually at the reporting unit level, or more often if indications of impairment exist. our reporting units are one level below the industrial precision solutions segment, and one level below the advanced technology solutions segment.
we test goodwill in accordance with accounting standards codification (asc) 350. goodwill impairment charge is recorded for the amount by which the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds the fair value of the reporting unit, as calculated in the quantitative analysis described below. we did not record any goodwill impairment charges in 2020. we use an independent valuation specialist to assist with refining our assumptions and methods used to determine fair values using these methods. to test for goodwill impairment, we estimate the fair value of each of our reporting units using a combination of the income approach and the market approach.
the discounted cash flow method (income approach) uses assumptions for revenue growth, operating margin, and working capital turnover that are based on management's strategic plans tempered by performance trends and reasonable expectations about those trends. terminal value calculations employ a published formula known as the gordon growth model method that essentially captures the present value of perpetual cash flows beyond the last projected period assuming a constant weighted average cost of capital (wacc) methodology and growth rate. for each reporting unit, a sensitivity analysis is performed to vary the discount and terminal growth rates in order to provide a range of reasonableness for detecting impairment. discount rates are developed using a wacc methodology. the wacc represents the blended average required rate of return for equity and debt capital based on observed market return data and company specific risk factors. for 2020, the discount rates used ranged from 7.0 percent to 8.8 percent depending upon the reporting unit's size, end market volatility, and projection risk.
nordson corporation 25
table of contents in the application of the guideline public company method (market approach), fair value is determined using transactional evidence for similar publicly traded equity. the comparable company guideline group is determined based on relative similarities to each reporting unit since exact correlations are not available. an indication of fair value for each reporting unit is based on the placement of each reporting unit within a range of multiples determined for its comparable guideline company group. valuation multiples are derived by dividing latest twelve-month performance for revenues and ebitda into total invested capital, which is the sum of traded equity plus interest bearing debt less cash. these multiples are applied against the revenue and ebitda of each reporting unit. while the implied indications of fair value using the guideline public company method yield meaningful results, the discounted cash flow method of the income approach includes management's thoughtful projections and insights as to what the reporting units will accomplish in the near future. accordingly, the reasonable, implied fair value of each reporting unit is a blend based on the consideration of both the income and market approaches.
in 2020, 2019, and 2018, the results of our annual impairment tests indicated no impairment.
the excess of fair value (fv) over carrying value (cv) was compared to the carrying value for each reporting unit. based on the results shown in the table below and based on our measurement date of august 1, 2020, our conclusion is that no goodwill was impaired in 2020. potential events or circumstances, such as a sustained downturn in global economies, could have a negative effect on estimated fair values.
wacc         excess of             goodwill fv over cv industrial precision solutions segment - adhesives                              7.0%              648%        $393,491
industrial precision solutions segment - industrial coating systems             8.8%              584%         $24,058
advanced technology solutions segment - electronicssystems                      7.8%              343%         $27,962
advanced technology solutions segment - fluidmanagement                         7.8%              145%      $1,176,613
advanced technology solutions segment - test &amp; inspection                   8.5%              218%         $79,790
pension plans and postretirement medical plans - the measurement of liabilities related to our pension plans and postretirement medical plans is based on management's assumptions related to future factors, including interest rates, return on pension plan assets, compensation increases, mortality and turnover assumptions, and health care cost trend rates.
the weighted-average discount rate used to determine the present value of our domestic pension plan obligations was 2.85 percent at october 31, 2020 and 3.25 percent at october 31, 2019. the weighted-average discount rate used to determine the present value of our various international pension plan obligations was 1.01 percent at october 31, 2020, compared to 1.26 percent at october 31, 2019. the discount rates used for all plans were determined by using quality fixed income investments with a duration period approximately equal to the period over which pension obligations are expected to be settled.
in determining the expected return on plan assets, we consider both historical performance and an estimate of future long-term rates of return on assets similar to those in our plans. we consult with and consider the opinions of financial and actuarial experts in developing appropriate return assumptions. the expected rate of return (long-term investment rate) on domestic pension assets used to determine net benefit costs was 5.75 percent in 2020 and 6.00 percent in 2019. the average expected rate of return on international pension assets used to determine net benefit costs was 3.22 percent in 2020 and 3.96 percent in 2019.
the assumed rate of compensation increases used to determine the present value of our domestic pension plan obligations was 4.00 percent at both october 31, 2020 and october 31, 2019. the assumed rate of compensation increases used to determine the present value of our international pension plan obligations was 2.69 percent at october 31, 2020, compared to 3.12 percent at october 31, 2019.
annual expense amounts are determined based on the discount rate used at the end of the prior year. differences between actual and assumed investment returns on pension plan assets result in actuarial gains or losses that are amortized into expense over a period of years.
economic assumptions have a significant effect on the amounts reported. the effect of a one percent change in the discount rate, expected return on assets and compensation increase is shown in the table below. bracketed numbers represent decreases in expense and obligation amounts.
nordson corporation 26
table of contents united states                                     international
1% point                               1% point   1% point                               1% point increase                               decrease   increase                               decrease discount rate:
effect on total net periodic pension cost in 2020           $(7,315)                            $9,402        $(1,591)                            $1,723
effect on pension obligation as of october 31, 2020         $(79,095)                          $98,884        $(16,979)                          $20,430
expected return on assets:
effect on total net periodic pension cost in 2020           $(4,289)                            $4,289        $(398)                                $398
compensation increase:
effect on total net periodic pension cost in 2020           $6,433                            $(5,628)        $538                                $(507)
effect on pension obligation as of october 31, 2020         $32,766                          $(29,256)        $3,628                            $(3,366)
with respect to the domestic postretirement medical plan, the discount rate used to value the benefit obligation was 2.84 percent at october 31, 2020 and 3.27 percent at october 31, 2019. the annual rate of increase in the per capita cost of covered benefits (the health care cost trend rate) is assumed to be 3.40 percent in 2021, decreasing gradually to 3.17 percent by 2026.
for the international postretirement medical plan, the discount rate used to value the benefit obligation was 2.94 percent at october 31, 2020 and 3.03 percent at october 31, 2019. the annual rate of increase in the per capita cost of covered benefits (the health care cost trend rate) is assumed to be 4.22 percent in 2021 to 4.05 percent by 2040.
the discount rate and the health care cost trend rate assumptions have a significant effect on the amounts reported. for example, a one-percentage point change in the discount rate and the assumed health care cost trend rate would have the following effects. bracketed numbers represent decreases in expense and obligation amounts.
united states                                     international
1% point                       1% point           1% point                   1% point increase                       decrease           increase                   decrease discount rate:
effect on total net postretirement benefit costcomponents in 2020       $(604)                         $711               $(2)                       $2
effect on postretirement obligation as of october 31, 2020              $(11,184)                      $13,899            $(84)                      $111
health care trend rate:
effect on total net postretirement benefit costcomponents in 2020       $431                           $(345)             $7                         $(5)
effect on postretirement obligation as of october 31, 2020              $11,019                        $(9,100)           $103                       $(80)
employees hired after january 1, 2002, are not eligible to participate in the domestic postretirement medical plan.
pension and postretirement expenses in 2021 are expected to be approximately $5,500 lower than 2020.
income taxes - income taxes are estimated based on income for financial reporting purposes. deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes and certain changes in valuation allowances. we provide valuation allowances against deferred tax assets if, based on available evidence, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized.
management believes the valuation allowances are adequate after considering future taxable income, allowable carryforward periods and ongoing prudent and feasible tax planning strategies. in the event we were to determine that we would be able to realize the deferred tax assets in the future in excess of the net recorded amount (including the valuation allowance), an adjustment to the valuation allowance would increase income in the period such determination was made. conversely, should we determine that we would not be able to realize all or part of the net deferred tax asset in the future, an adjustment to the valuation allowance would be expensed in the period such determination was made.
further, at each interim reporting period, we estimate an effective income tax rate that is expected to be applicable for the full year. significant judgment is involved regarding the application of global income tax laws and regulations and when projecting the jurisdictional mix of income. additionally, interpretation of tax laws, court decisions or other guidance provided by taxing authorities influences our estimate of the effective income tax rates. as a result, our actual effective income tax rates and related income tax liabilities may differ materially from our estimated effective tax rates and related income tax liabilities. any resulting differences are recorded in the period they become known.
nordson corporation 27

2020 compared to 2019
we had two acquisitions during 2020, fluortek, inc. and vivamos ltd. which are both included within the advanced technology solutions segment. refer to note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion. as used throughout this form 10-k, geographic regions include the americas (canada, mexico and central and south america), asia pacific (excluding japan), europe, japan, and the united states.
worldwide sales for 2020 were $2,121,100, a decrease of 3.3 percent from 2019 sales of $2,194,226. the decrease consisted of a 3.7 percent decline in sales volume and unfavorable currency translation effects which decreased sales by 0.2 percent partially offset by 0.6 percent growth from acquisitions.
sales outside the united states accounted for 64.4 percent of total sales in 2020, as compared to 65.4 percent in 2019. on a geographic basis, sales in the united states were $755,642, a decrease of 0.4 percent from 2019. the decrease in sales consisted of a 1.1 percent decrease in sales volume partially offset by a 0.7 percent increase from acquisitions. in the americas region, sales were $141,473, a decrease of 15.6 percent from 2019, with volume decreasing 14.8 percent and unfavorable currency effects of 3.8 percent partially offset by a 3.0 percent increase from acquisitions. sales in europe were $536,636, a decrease of 6.1 percent from 2019. the decrease in sales consisted of a 6.4 percent volume decrease and unfavorable currency effects of 0.1 percent partially offset by a 0.4 percent increase from acquisitions. sales in japan were $126,601, a decrease of 0.1 percent from 2019, with volume decreasing 2.1 percent partially offset by favorable currency effects of 1.8 percent and a 0.2 percent increase from acquisitions. sales in the asia pacific region were $560,748, a decrease of 1.6 percent from 2019, with volume decreasing 1.7 percent and unfavorable currency effects of 0.1 percent. partially offset by a 0.2 percent increase from acquisitions.
cost of sales were $990,632 in 2020, down 1.1 percent from $1,002,123 in 2019. gross profit, expressed as a percentage of sales, decreased to 53.3 percent in 2020 from 54.3 percent in 2019. of the 1.0 percentage point decrease in gross margin, unfavorable product mix contributed 0.8 of a percentage point, higher costs and adjustments related to cost structure simplification actions contributed 0.2 of a percentage point, unfavorable currency translation effects contributed 0.1 of a percentage point, and an inventory step-up related to acquisitions contributed 0.1 of a percentage point. these were partially offset by 0.2 of a percentage point due to the first year effect of acquisitions. severance costs were incurred in both of our segments as part of cost structure simplification actions made to improve operational efficiencies.
selling and administrative expenses were $693,552 in 2020, compared to $708,990 in 2019. of the 2.2 percent decrease, lower base business costs contributed 3.7 percentage points, and favorable currency translation effects contributed 0.2 of a percentage point. these improvements were partially offset by 1.0 percentage point due to higher severance costs, and 0.7 of a percentage point due to the first year effect of acquisitions.
selling and administrative expenses as a percentage of sales increased to 32.7 percent in 2020 from 32.3 percent in 2019. of the 0.4 percentage point increase, higher severance costs contributed 0.5 of a percentage point, and the first year effect of acquisitions contributed 0.1 of a percentage point. these increases were partially offset by lower base business costs of 0.2 of a percentage point.
in the fourth quarter of 2020, we committed to a plan to sell our screws and barrels product line within the adhesives reporting unit under our industrial precision solutions segment and determined that it met the criteria to be classified as held for sale. the decision was part of a strategy to focus resources on core strategies and businesses and the board of directors authorized the disposition on october 23, 2020. as a result of this decision, the company incurred a non-cash, assets held for sale impairment charge of $87,371. refer to note 4 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
operating profit as a percentage of sales decreased to 16.5 percent in 2020 compared to 22.0 percent in 2019. of the 5.5 percentage point decline in operating margin, the assets held for sale impairment charge contributed 4.1 percentage points, unfavorable absorption due to lower sales volume and unfavorable product mix contributed 0.8 of a percentage point, higher severance costs contributed 0.5 of a percentage point, and the amortization of the step-up of acquired inventory, unfavorable foreign currency translation effects, and the first-year effect of acquisitions combined to contribute a negative impact of 0.3 of a percentage point. this decline was partially offset by 0.2 of a percentage point due to lower base business costs.
operating capacity for each of our segments can support fluctuations in order activity without significant changes in operating costs. also, currency translation affects reported operating margins. operating margins for each segment were unfavorably impacted by a stronger dollar primarily against the chinese yuan, mexican peso, and brazilian real during 2020 as compared to 2019.
interest expense in 2020 was $32,160, a decrease of $14,985, or 31.8 percent, from 2019. the decrease was due to lower average debt levels and lower variable interest rates compared to the prior year. other expense in 2020 was $17,577 compared to other expense of $6,708 in 2019. included in the current year's other expense were pension costs of $13,683 and $1,532 in foreign currency losses. included in the prior year's other expense were pension costs of $7,136. the increased pension costs were principally attributable to increased amortization of net actuarial losses.
nordson corporation 28
table of contents income tax expense in 2020 was $51,950, or 17.2 percent of pre-tax income, as compared to $94,013, or 21.8 percent of pre-tax income in 2019. the income tax provision for 2020 included a tax benefit of $15,661 due to our share-based payment transactions which reduced the rate 5.2 percentage points.
net income in 2020 included a non-cash, assets held for sale impairment charge of $87,371 related to our commitment to sell our screws and barrels product line within the adhesives reporting unit under our industrial precision solutions segment and the tax benefit of the impairment was $15,254. a portion of the impairment charge did not have related tax benefits.
our income tax provision for 2019 included a provisional tax benefit of $4,866 to reflect the adjustment to the provisional amounts recognized in 2018 due to changes in interpretations and assumptions and the finalization of estimates related to the u.s. tax cuts and jobs act ("the act"). we are paying the transition tax in installments over the eight-year period allowable under the act. the remaining transition tax is included in other long-term liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet at october 31, 2020.
other provisions of the act became effective for us in 2019. the foreign-derived intangible income provision generates a deduction against our u.s. taxable income for u.s. earnings derived offshore that utilize intangibles held in the u.s. conversely, the global intangible low-taxed income ("gilti") provision requires us to subject to u.s. taxation a portion of our foreign subsidiary earnings that exceed an allowable return. we elected to treat any gilti inclusion as a period expense in the year incurred.
our income tax provision for 2019 also included a tax benefit of $4,615 due to our share-based payment transactions.
net income was $249,539, or $4.27 per diluted share, in 2020, compared to net income of $337,091, or $5.79 per diluted share, in 2019. this represented a 26.0 percent decrease in net income and a 26.3 percent decrease in diluted earnings per share. the decrease in both net income and diluted earnings per share was due primarily to the non-cash, assets held for sale impairment charge of $87,371.
industrial precision solutions sales of the industrial precision solutions segment were $1,143,423 in 2020, a decrease of 5.4 percent, from 2019 sales of $1,208,376. the decrease was the result of a sales volume decrease of 4.8 percent and unfavorable currency effects that decreased sales by 0.6 percent. growth in product lines serving consumers in the non-durable end markets particularly in the united states, americas, europe and japan regions was offset by weakness in sales of product lines serving industrial markets primarily in the americas and europe.
operating profit as a percentage of sales decreased to 18.2 percent in 2020 compared to 27.2 percent in 2019. of the 9.0 percentage point decline in operating margin, the assets held for sale impairment charge contributed 7.6 percentage points, unfavorable absorption due to lower sales volume and unfavorable product mix contributed 0.7 of a percentage point, higher severance costs contributed 0.5 of a percentage point, and unfavorable currency translation effects contributed 0.3 of a percentage point. this decline was minimally offset by 0.1 of a percentage point due to lower base business costs.
advanced technology solutions sales of the advanced technology solutions segment were $977,677 in 2020, a decrease of 0.8 percent from 2019 sales of $985,850. the decrease was the result of a sales volume decrease of 2.3 percent, partially offset by a 1.4 percent increase from the first-year effect of acquisitions and favorable currency effects that increased sales by 0.1 percent. sales volume increases in certain medical product lines as well as test and inspection product lines serving electronics end markets were more than offset by weakness in fluid dispense product lines serving industrial end markets. the stable demand in medical is reflective of strength in some product lines, offset by meaningful softness in other medical products more closely tied to elective surgery, which have been reduced as a result of the covid-19 pandemic.
operating profit as a percentage of sales decreased to 19.6 percent in 2020 compared to 20.9 percent in 2019. of the 1.3 percentage point decline in operating margin, unfavorable absorption due to lower sales volume and unfavorable product mix contributed 0.8 of a percentage point, higher severance costs contributed 0.4 of a percentage point, the first year effect of acquisitions contributed 0.3 of a percentage point, and an inventory step-up related to acquisitions contributed 0.2 of a percentage point. this decline was partially offset by 0.4 of a percentage point due to lower base business costs.
nordson corporation 29

2019 compared to 2018
we had one acquisition during 2019, optical control gmbh & co. kg ("optical"), which is included within the advanced technology solutions segment.
worldwide sales for 2019 were $2,194,226, a decrease of 2.7 percent from 2018 sales of $2,254,668. the decrease was driven by unfavorable currency translation effects of 2.0 percent and a 1.1 percent decline in sales volume, partially offset by 0.4 percent growth from acquisitions.
sales outside the united states accounted for 65.4 percent of total sales in 2019, as compared to 68.0 percent in 2018. on a geographic basis, sales in the united states were $758,383, an increase of 5.2 percent from 2018. the increase in sales consisted of 4.9 percent from sales volume and 0.3 percent from acquisitions. in the americas region, sales were $167,661, an increase of 5.6 percent over 2018, with volume increasing 7.2 percent and a 0.2 percent increase from acquisitions partially offset by unfavorable currency effects of 1.8 percent. sales in europe were $571,596, a decrease of 8.1 percent from 2018, due to unfavorable currency effects of 4.8 percent and volume decreasing 3.8 percent partially offset by a 0.5 percent increase from acquisitions. sales in japan were $126,756, a decrease of 21.6 percent from 2018, with volume decreasing 22.9 percent partially offset by a 0.7 percent increase from acquisitions and favorable currency effects of 0.6 percent. sales in the asia pacific region were $569,830, a decrease of 3.6 percent from 2018. the decrease was driven by unfavorable currency effects of 2.3 percent and lower volume of 1.9 percent, partially offset by a 0.6 percent increase from acquisitions.
cost of sales were $1,002,123 in 2019, down 1.6 percent from $1,018,340 in 2018. gross profit, expressed as a percentage of sales, decreased to 54.3 percent in 2019 from 54.8 percent in 2018. of the 0.5 percentage point decrease in gross margin, unfavorable currency translation effects contributed 0.4 percentage points and unfavorable product mix contributed 0.1 percentage points.
selling and administrative expenses were $708,990 in 2019, compared to $733,749 in 2018. the 3.4 percent decrease includes 1.6 percentage points due to lower base business costs and 1.8 percentage points due to unfavorable currency translation effects.
selling and administrative expenses as a percentage of sales decreased to 32.3 percent in 2019 from 32.5 percent in 2018. the 0.2 percentage point improvement is due to lower base business costs.
operating capacity for each of our segments can support fluctuations in order activity without significant changes in operating costs. also, currency translation affects reported operating margins. operating margins for each segment were unfavorably impacted by a stronger dollar primarily against the euro and british pound during 2019 as compared to 2018.
operating profit as a percentage of sales decreased to 22.0 percent in 2019 compared to 22.3 percent in 2018. of the 0.3 percentage point decline in operating margin, unfavorable leverage of our selling and administrative expenses contributed 1.2 percentage points, and unfavorable foreign currency translation effects contributed 0.4 percentage points.  this decline was offset by 1.2 percentage points due to the first-year effect of acquisitions and 0.1 percentage points due to lower severance costs.
interest expense in 2019 was $47,145, a decrease of $2,431, or 4.9 percent, from 2018. the decrease was due to lower average debt levels than the prior year. other expense in 2019 was $6,708 compared to other expense of $5,868 in 2018. included in the 2019 other expense were pension costs related to the adoption of a new accounting standard of $7,136. included in the 2018 other expense were pension costs related to the adoption of a new accounting standard, as noted above, of $8,022, foreign currency gains of $1,133 and a non-recurring gain of $2,512.
income tax expense in 2019 was $94,013, or 21.8 percent of pre-tax income, as compared to $71,144, or 15.9 percent of pre-tax income in 2018.
on december 22, 2017 the act was enacted.  it reduced the u.s. federal corporate income tax rate from 35 percent to 21 percent.  we have an october 31 fiscal year end; therefore the lower corporate income tax rate was phased in, resulting in a u.s. statutory federal rate of 23.3 percent for our fiscal year ended october 31, 2018, and 21.0 percent for subsequent fiscal years.  the statutory tax rate of 21.0 percent was applied to earnings in 2019.
our income tax provision for 2018 included a provisional tax benefit of $49,082 to reflect the revaluation of our tax assets and liabilities at the reduced corporate tax rate. we also recorded a provisional tax expense of $27,618 to reflect the transition tax on previously deferred foreign earnings.  the net tax effect of these discrete items resulted in a decrease of $21,464 in income tax expense for 2018, or 4.8 percent.
subsequent to the enactment of the act, the sec staff issued sab 118, which provided a measurement period of up to one year after the enactment date for companies to finalize the recognition of the income tax effects of the act. as of january 31, 2019, our provisional accounting for the effects of the act was complete. as a result, during 2019 and within the one year measurement period provided by sab 118, we recorded tax expense of $4,866 to the provisional amounts recognized in 2018 due to changes in interpretations and assumptions and the finalizations of estimates.
nordson corporation 30
table of contents other provisions of the act became effective for us in 2019. the foreign-derived intangible income provision generates a deduction against our u.s. taxable income for u.s. earnings derived offshore that utilize intangibles held in the u.s. conversely, the global intangible low-taxed income ("gilti") provision requires us to subject to u.s. taxation a portion of our foreign subsidiary earnings that exceed an allowable return. we elected to treat any gilti inclusion as a period expense in the year incurred.
net income was $337,091, or $5.79 per diluted share, in 2019, compared to net income of $377,375, or $6.40 per diluted share, in 2018. this represented a 10.7 percent decrease in net income and a 9.5 percent decrease in diluted earnings per share.
industrial precision solutions sales of the industrial precision solutions segment were $1,208,376 in 2019, a decrease of $6,926, or 0.6 percent, from 2018 sales of $1,215,302. the decrease was the result of unfavorable currency effects that decreased sales by 2.5 percent which was partially offset by a sales volume increase of 1.9 percent. within this segment, sales volume increased in all geographic regions with the exception of europe. growth in product lines serving packaging, product assembly, and polymer processing end markets as well as cold materials product lines serving automotive end markets was offset by softness in product lines serving nonwoven end markets as well as liquid and container product lines serving industrial end markets.
operating profit as a percentage of sales increased to 27.2 percent in 2019 compared to 25.9 percent in 2018. of the 1.3 percentage point improvement in operating margin, favorable product mix contributed 1.1 percentage points, favorable leverage of our selling and administrative expenses contributed 0.4 percentage points, and lower severance and restructuring expenses contributed 0.3 percentage points. these improvements were offset by 0.5 percentage points related to unfavorable foreign currency translation effects.
advanced technology solutions sales of the advanced technology solutions segment were $985,850 in 2019, a decrease of $53,516, or 5.1 percent, from 2018 sales of $1,039,366. the decrease was the result of a sales volume decrease of 4.6 percent and unfavorable currency effects that decreased sales by 1.4 percent partially offset by a 0.9 percent increase from the first-year effect of acquisitions. within this segment, sales volume, inclusive of acquisitions, increased in the united states and americas geographic regions, and was offset by softness in all other regions. growth in our fluid management product lines serving medical end markets was offset by lower demand in our dispensing product lines serving electronics end markets.
operating profit as a percentage of sales decreased to 20.9 percent in 2019 compared to 23.6 percent in 2018. of the 2.7 percentage point decline in operating margin, unfavorable product mix contributed 2.8 percentage points, unfavorable foreign currency translation effects contributed 0.4 percentage points and higher severance and restructuring expenses contributed 0.1 percentage points. these declines were partially offset by 0.6 percentage points due to favorable leverage of our selling and administrative expenses.
liquidity and capital resources cash and cash equivalents increased $57,129 in 2020. cash provided by operating activities was $502,421 in 2020, compared to $382,893 in 2019. the primary sources were net income adjusted for non-cash income and expenses (consisting of depreciation and amortization, non-cash stock compensation, provision for losses on receivables, deferred income taxes, other non-cash expense, loss on sale of property, plant and equipment, and impairment loss on assets held for sale), which was $455,490 in 2020, compared to $466,941 in 2019. the increase in cash provided by operating activities was primarily due to working capital improvements, principally related to accounts receivable, which provided cash of $46,931 compared to $84,048 used in 2019.
cash used in investing activities was $194,109 in 2020, compared to $76,289 in 2019. in the current year, cash of $142,414 was used for acquisitions compared to $12,486 used in the prior year. capital expenditures were $50,535 in 2020 compared to $64,244 in 2019.
cash used in financing activities was $251,529 in 2020, compared to $251,074 cash used in 2019. net repayment of long-term debt and long-term borrowings used $153,816 of cash in 2020, compared to $67,838 used in 2019. in 2020, cash of $52,614 was used for the purchase of treasury shares, down from $120,510 used in 2019. dividend payments were $88,347 in 2020, up from $82,145 in 2019 due to an increase in the annual dividend to $1.53 per share from $1.43 per share. issuance of common shares related to employee benefit plans generated $50,853 of cash in 2020, up from $26,020 in 2019.
the following is a summary of significant changes by balance sheet caption from october 31, 2019 to october 31, 2020. goodwill increased by $98,615 driven primarily by the fluortek acquisition. refer to note 3 for an explanation of the change in goodwill due to the fluortek acquisition. assets held for sale increased by $19,615 due to our plan to sell our screws and barrels product line. refer to note 4 for further discussion. current maturities of long-term debt decreased $130,695 primarily driven by a payment of $100,000 on our term loan agreement and a $25,000 payment on notes issued under our agreement with new york life which matured in july 2020.
nordson corporation 31
table of contents in december 2014, the board of directors authorized a $300,000 common share repurchase program.  in august 2015, the board of directors authorized the repurchase of up to an additional $200,000 of the company's common shares. in august 2018, the board of directors authorized the repurchase of an additional $500,000 of the company's common shares, bringing the aggregate total of common shares authorized for repurchase to $1,000,000. approximately $447,104 of the total $1,000,000 authorized remained available for share repurchases at october 31, 2020. uses for repurchased shares include the funding of benefit programs including stock options and restricted stock. shares purchased are treated as treasury shares until used for such purposes. the repurchase program is being funded using cash from operations and proceeds from borrowings under our credit facilities.
as of october 31, 2020, approximately 63 percent of our consolidated cash and cash equivalents were held at various foreign subsidiaries. deferred income taxes are not provided on undistributed earnings of international subsidiaries that are intended to be permanently invested in those operations. these undistributed earnings represent the post-income tax earnings under u.s. gaap not adjusted for previously taxed income which aggregated approximately $1,045,389 and $1,101,736 at october 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. should these earnings be distributed, applicable foreign tax credits, distributions of previously taxed income, and utilization of other attributes would substantially offset taxes due upon the distribution. it is not practical to estimate the amount of additional taxes that might be payable on such undistributed earnings.
contractual obligations the following table summarizes contractual obligations as of october 31, 2020:
payments due by period total                    less than                        1-3                        4-5                     after 5
1 year                      years                      years                       years debt (1)                                                                   $1,109,256                    $38,043                     $519,927                   $401,286                   $150,000
interest payments on long-term debt (1)                                        88,678                     19,709                       34,345                     19,720                     14,904
capital lease obligations (2)                                                  17,820                      6,226                        6,987                      1,651                      2,956
operating leases (2)                                                          139,407                     18,821                       32,172                     24,428                     63,986
contributions related to pension and postretirementbenefits (3)                46,521                     46,521                            -                          -                          -
purchase obligations (4)                                                       78,620                     74,767                        3,853                          -                          -
total obligations                                                          $1,480,302                   $204,087                     $597,284                   $447,085                   $231,846
(1)in october 2020, we amended, restated and extended the term of the unsecured $200,000 private shelf facility agreement with new york life investment management llc. the facility has a three-year term and expires in october 2023. the interest rate on each borrowing is fixed based upon the market rate at the borrowing date or is variable based upon the libor rate. at october 31, 2020, there was no outstanding balance under this facility.
in march 2020 we amended, restated and extended the term of our existing term loan facility with bank of america merrill lynch international limited. the interest rate is variable based on the euribor rate. the term loan agreement provides for the following term loans due in two tranches: €115,000 is due in march 2023 and an additional €150,000 that was drawn down in march 2020 is due in march 2023. the weighted average interest rate at october 31, 2020 was 0.71 percent.
in april 2019, we amended, restated and extended the term of our existing $605,000 term loan facility with a group of banks. the interest rate is variable based upon the libor rate. at october 31, 2020, $255,000 was outstanding under this facility. the term loan agreement provides for the following term loans due in two tranches: $50,000 is due in september 2022 and $205,000 is due in march 2024. the weighted average interest rate for borrowings under this agreement was 0.83 percent at october 31, 2020.
in april 2019, we entered into a $850,000 unsecured multi-currency credit facility with a group of banks, which amended, restated and extended our existing syndicated revolving credit agreement that was scheduled to expire in february 2020. this facility has a 5-year term and includes a $75,000 subfacility for swing-line loans. it expires in april 2024. at october 31, 2020, we had no balances outstanding under this facility.
in june 2018, we entered into a note purchase agreement with a group of insurance companies under which we sold $350,000 of unsecured senior notes to the insurance companies and their affiliates. the notes mature in june 2023 through june 2030 and bear interest at fixed rates between 3.71 percent and 4.17 percent.
we entered into a $150,000 three-year note purchase and private shelf agreement with new york life investment management llc in 2011.  in 2015, the amount of the facility was increased to $180,000, and in 2016 it was nordson corporation 32
table of contents increased to $200,000. senior notes issued under the agreement can have a maturity of up to 12 years, with an average life of up to 10 years, and are unsecured. at october 31, 2020, we had no balances outstanding under this facility.
in 2012, we entered into a note purchase agreement with a group of insurance companies under which we sold $200,000 of unsecured senior notes.  at october 31, 2020, $109,900 was outstanding under this agreement. existing notes mature between july 2021 and july 2025 and bear interest at fixed rates between 2.62 percent and 3.13 percent.
in july 2015, we entered into a note purchase agreement under which $100,000 of unsecured senior notes were purchased primarily by a group of insurance companies.  at october 31, 2020, $85,714 was outstanding under this agreement.  existing notes mature between july 2021 and july 2027 and bear interest at fixed rates of 2.89 percent and 3.19 percent.
refer to note 10 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
(2)refer to note 11 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
(3)pension and postretirement plan funding amounts after 2021 will be determined based on the future funded status of the plans and therefore cannot be estimated at this time. refer to note 7 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
(4)purchase obligations primarily represent commitments for materials used in our manufacturing processes that are not recorded in our consolidated balance sheet.
we believe that the combination of present capital resources, cash from operations and unused financing sources are more than adequate to meet cash requirements for 2021. there are no significant restrictions limiting the transfer of funds from international subsidiaries to the parent company.
outlook we are optimistic about our longer-term growth opportunities in the diverse end markets we serve. we also support our customers with parts and consumables, so a significant percentage of our revenue is recurring. the combination of the company's core strength in the direct-sales model and product innovation, combined with the new nbs next growth framework, should deliver sustainable profitable growth. we expect the first quarter of 2021 sales growth to be approximately 2 to 3 percent as compared to the first quarter of 2020.
our operating performance, balance sheet position, and financial ratios for 2020 remained strong, although uncertainties persist in global financial markets and the general economic environment.  going forward, we are well-positioned to manage liquidity needs that arise from working capital requirements, capital expenditures, and contributions related to pension and postretirement obligations as well as principal and interest payments on our outstanding debt.  primary sources of capital to meet these needs, as well as other opportunistic investments, are a combination of cash provided by operations and borrowings under our loan agreements.  cash from operations has been 15 to 24 percent of revenues over the past five years, which when combined with our available borrowing capacity and ready access to capital markets, is expected to be more than adequate to fund our liquidity needs over the next year. with respect to debt capacity, as of october 31, 2020, we had an unused, $850,000 multicurrency revolving credit facility.  this credit facility is unsecured and expires in february 2024.
new accounting standards refer to note 2 for further discussion of recently issued accounting standards.
effects of foreign currency the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates on sales and operating results cannot be precisely measured due to fluctuating selling prices, sales volume, product mix and cost structures in each country where we operate. as a general rule, a weakening of the united states dollar relative to foreign currencies has a favorable effect on sales and net income, while a strengthening of the dollar has a detrimental effect.
in 2020, as compared with 2019, the united states dollar was generally stronger against foreign currencies. if 2019 exchange rates had been in effect during 2020, sales would have been approximately $5,400 higher and third party costs would have been approximately $1,200 higher. in 2019, as compared with 2018, the united states dollar was generally stronger against foreign currencies. if 2018 exchange rates had been in effect during 2019, sales would have been approximately $45,600 higher and third-party costs would have been approximately $23,500 higher. these effects on reported sales do not include the impact of local price adjustments made in response to changes in currency exchange rates.
nordson corporation 33
table of contents inflation inflation affects profit margins as the ability to pass cost increases on to customers is restricted by the need for competitive pricing. although inflation has been modest in recent years and has had no material effect on the years covered by the financial statements included in this report, we continue to seek ways to minimize the impact of inflation through focused efforts to increase productivity.
trends the five-year summary in part ii, item 6 of this report documents our historical financial trends. over this period, the world's economic conditions fluctuated significantly. our solid performance is attributed to our participation in diverse geographic and industrial markets and our long-term commitment to develop and provide quality products and worldwide service to meet our customers' changing needs.
safe harbor statements under the private securities litigation reform act of 1995
this form 10-k, particularly "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations," contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the securities act of 1933, as amended, the securities exchange act of 1934, as amended, and the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. such statements relate to, among other things, income, earnings, cash flows, changes in operations, operating improvements, businesses in which we operate and the united states and global economies. statements in this 10-k that are not historical are hereby identified as "forward-looking statements" and may be indicated by words or phrases such as "anticipates," "supports," "plans," "projects," "expects," "believes," "should," "would," "could," "hope," "forecast," "management is of the opinion," use of the future tense and similar words or phrases.
in light of these risks and uncertainties, actual events and results may vary significantly from those included in or contemplated or implied by such statements. readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. these forward-looking statements speak only as of the date made. we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the expected results are discussed in part 1, item 1a, risk factors of this report.
nordson corporation 34

