item 1a. risk factors risks relating to nee's and fpl's business the business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects of nee and fpl are subject to a variety of risks, many of which are beyond the control of nee and fpl. these risks, as well as additional risks and uncertainties either not presently known or that are currently believed to not be material to the business, may materially adversely affect the business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects of nee and fpl and may cause actual results of nee and fpl to differ substantially from those that nee or fpl currently expects or seeks. in that event, the market price for the securities of nee or fpl could decline. accordingly, the risks described below should be carefully considered together with the other information set forth in this report and in future reports that nee and fpl file with the sec.
regulatory, legislative and legal risks nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be materially adversely affected by the extensive regulation of their business.
the operations of nee and fpl are subject to complex and comprehensive federal, state and other regulation. this extensive regulatory framework, portions of which are more specifically identified in the following risk factors, regulates, among other things and to varying degrees, nee's and fpl's industry, businesses, rates and cost structures, operation and licensing of nuclear power facilities, construction and operation of electricity generation, transmission and distribution facilities and natural gas and oil production, natural gas, oil and other fuel transportation, processing and storage facilities, acquisition, disposal, depreciation and amortization of facilities and other assets, decommissioning costs and funding, service reliability, wholesale and retail competition, and commodities trading and derivatives transactions. in their business planning and in the management of their operations, nee and fpl must address the effects of regulation on their business and any inability or failure to do so adequately could have a material adverse effect on their business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially adversely affected if they are unable to recover in a timely manner any significant amount of costs, a return on certain assets or a reasonable return on invested capital through base rates, cost recovery clauses, other regulatory mechanisms or otherwise.
fpl operates as an electric utility and is subject to the jurisdiction of the fpsc over a wide range of business activities, including, among other items, the retail rates charged to its customers through base rates and cost recovery clauses, the terms and conditions of its services, procurement of electricity for its customers and fuel for its plant operations, issuances of securities, and aspects of the siting, construction and operation of its generation plants and transmission and distribution systems for the sale of electric energy. the fpsc has the authority to disallow recovery by fpl of costs that it considers excessive or imprudently incurred and to determine the level of return that fpl is permitted to earn on invested capital. the regulatory process, which may be adversely affected by the political, regulatory and economic environment in florida and elsewhere, limits or could otherwise adversely impact fpl's earnings. the regulatory process also does not provide any assurance as to achievement of authorized or other earnings levels, or that fpl will be permitted to earn an acceptable return on capital investments it wishes to make. nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially adversely affected if any material amount of costs, a return on certain assets or a reasonable return on invested capital cannot be recovered through base rates, cost recovery clauses, other regulatory mechanisms or otherwise. certain other subsidiaries of nee are utilities subject to the jurisdiction of their regulators and are subject to similar risks.
regulatory decisions that are important to nee and fpl may be materially adversely affected by political, regulatory and economic factors.
the local and national political, regulatory and economic environment has had, and may in the future have, an adverse effect on fpsc decisions with negative consequences for fpl. these decisions may require, for example, fpl to cancel or delay planned development activities, to reduce or delay other planned capital expenditures or to pay for investments or otherwise incur costs that it may not be able to recover through rates, each of which could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects of nee and fpl. certain other subsidiaries of nee are subject to similar risks.
fpl's use of derivative instruments could be subject to prudence challenges and, if found imprudent, could result in disallowances of cost recovery for such use by the fpsc.
the fpsc engages in an annual prudence review of fpl's use of derivative instruments in its risk management fuel procurement program and should it find any such use to be imprudent, the fpsc could deny cost recovery for such use by fpl. such an outcome could have a material adverse effect on fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
any reductions or modifications to, or the elimination of, governmental incentives or policies that support utility scale renewable energy, including, but not limited to, tax laws, policies and incentives, rps or feed-in-tariffs, or the imposition of additional taxes or other assessments on renewable energy, could result in, among other items, the lack of a satisfactory market for the development and/or financing of new renewable energy projects, neer abandoning the development of renewable energy projects, a loss of neer's investments in renewable energy projects and reduced project returns, any of which could have a material adverse effect on nee's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
neer depends heavily on government policies that support utility scale renewable energy and enhance the economic feasibility of developing and operating wind and solar energy projects in regions in which neer operates or plans to develop and operate renewable energy facilities. the federal government, a majority of state governments in the u.s. and portions of canada provide incentives, such as tax incentives, rps or feed-in-tariffs, that support or are designed to support the sale of energy from utility scale renewable energy facilities, such as wind and solar energy facilities. as a result of budgetary constraints, political factors or otherwise, governments from time to time may review their laws and policies that support renewable energy and consider actions that would make the laws and policies less conducive to the development and operation of renewable energy facilities. any reductions or modifications to, or the elimination of, governmental incentives or policies that support renewable energy or the imposition of additional taxes or other assessments on renewable energy, could result in, among other items, the lack of a satisfactory market for the development and/or financing of new renewable energy projects, neer abandoning the development of renewable energy projects, a loss of neer's investments in the projects and reduced project returns, any of which could have a material adverse effect on nee's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially adversely affected as a result of new or revised laws, regulations, interpretations or ballot or regulatory initiatives.
nee's and fpl's business is influenced by various legislative and regulatory initiatives, including, but not limited to, new or revised laws, including international trade laws, regulations, interpretations or ballot or regulatory initiatives regarding deregulation or restructuring of the energy industry, regulation of the commodities trading and derivatives markets, and regulation of environmental matters, such as regulation of air emissions, regulation of water consumption and water discharges, and regulation of gas and oil infrastructure operations, as well as associated environmental permitting. changes in the nature of the regulation of nee's and fpl's business could have a material adverse effect on nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. nee and fpl are unable to predict future legislative or regulatory changes, initiatives or interpretations, although any such changes, initiatives or interpretations may increase costs and competitive pressures on nee and fpl, which could have a material adverse effect on nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
fpl has limited competition in the florida market for retail electricity customers. any changes in florida law or regulation which introduce competition in the florida retail electricity market, such as government incentives that facilitate the installation of solar generation facilities on residential or other rooftops at below cost or that are otherwise subsidized by non-participants, or would permit third-party sales of electricity, could have a material adverse effect on fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. there can be no assurance that fpl will be able to respond adequately to such regulatory changes, which could have a material adverse effect on fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
neer is subject to ferc rules related to transmission that are designed to facilitate competition in the wholesale market on practically a nationwide basis by providing greater certainty, flexibility and more choices to wholesale power customers. nee cannot predict the impact of changing ferc rules or the effect of changes in levels of wholesale supply and demand, which are typically driven by factors beyond nee's control. there can be no assurance that neer will be able to respond adequately or sufficiently quickly to such rules and developments, or to any changes that reverse or restrict the competitive restructuring of the energy industry in those jurisdictions in which such restructuring has occurred. any of these events could have a material adverse effect on nee's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
nee's and fpl's otc financial derivatives are subject to rules implementing certain provisions of the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act and similar international regulations. nee and fpl cannot predict the impact any proposed or not fully implemented final rules will have on their ability to hedge their commodity and interest rate risks or on otc derivatives markets as a whole, but such rules and regulations could have a material adverse effect on nee's and fpl's risk exposure, as well as reduce market liquidity and further increase the cost of hedging activities.
nee and fpl are subject to numerous environmental laws, regulations and other standards that may result in capital expenditures, increased operating costs and various liabilities, and may require nee and fpl to limit or eliminate certain operations.
nee and fpl are subject to domestic environmental laws, regulations and other standards, including, but not limited to, extensive federal, state and local environmental statutes, rules and regulations relating to air quality, water quality and usage, soil quality, climate change, emissions of greenhouse gases, including, but not limited to, carbon dioxide, waste management, hazardous wastes, marine, avian and other wildlife mortality and habitat protection, historical artifact preservation, natural resources, health (including, but not limited to, electric and magnetic fields from power lines and substations), safety and rps, that could, among other things, prevent or delay the development of power generation, power or natural gas transmission, or other infrastructure projects, restrict or enjoin the output of some existing facilities, limit the availability and use of some fuels required for the production of electricity, require additional pollution control equipment, and otherwise increase costs, increase capital expenditures and limit or eliminate certain operations. certain subsidiaries of nee are also subject to foreign environmental laws, regulations and other standards and, as such, are subject to similar risks.
there are significant capital, operating and other costs associated with compliance with these environmental statutes, rules and regulations, and those costs could be even more significant in the future as a result of new requirements and stricter or more expansive application of existing environmental laws and regulations.
violations of current or future laws, rules, regulations or other standards could expose nee and fpl to regulatory and legal proceedings, disputes with, and legal challenges by, governmental entities and third parties, and potentially significant civil fines, criminal penalties and other sanctions, such as restrictions on how neer develops, sites and operates wind facilities. proceedings could include, without limitation, litigation regarding property damage, personal injury, common law nuisance and enforcement by citizens or governmental authorities of environmental requirements. for example, neer's wind facilities operate without take permits under the bald and golden eagle protection act (bgepa) and the federal government could seek to prosecute neer or its wind facility subsidiaries for the accidental eagle collisions with wind turbines or other structures that occur or may occur at those facilities for criminal violations of bgepa if the federal government ultimately disagrees with neer's position that bgepa's criminal liability provisions relate only to hunting and other intentional activities, and do not apply to accidental collisions with wind turbines or other structures, such as airplanes and buildings.
nee's and fpl's business could be negatively affected by federal or state laws or regulations mandating new or additional limits on the production of greenhouse gas emissions.
federal or state laws or regulations may be adopted that would impose new or additional limits on the emissions of greenhouse gases, including, but not limited to, carbon dioxide and methane, from electric generation units using fossil fuels like coal and natural gas. the potential effects of greenhouse gas emission limits on nee's and fpl's electric generation units are subject to significant uncertainties based on, among other things, the timing of the implementation of any new requirements, the required levels of emission reductions, the nature of any market-based or tax-based mechanisms adopted to facilitate reductions, the relative availability of greenhouse gas emission reduction offsets, the development of cost-effective, commercial-scale carbon capture and storage technology and supporting regulations and liability mitigation measures, and the range of available compliance alternatives.
while nee's and fpl's electric generation portfolio emits greenhouse gases at a lower rate of emissions than most of the u.s. electric generation sector, the results of operations of nee and fpl could be materially adversely affected to the extent that new federal or state laws or regulations impose any new greenhouse gas emission limits. any future limits on greenhouse gas emissions could:
•create substantial additional costs in the form of taxes or emissions allowances;
•make some of nee's and fpl's electric generation units uneconomical to operate in the long term;
•require significant capital investment in carbon capture and storage technology, fuel switching, or the replacement of high-emitting generation facilities with lower-emitting generation facilities; or
•affect the availability or cost of fossil fuels.
there can be no assurance that nee or fpl would be able to completely recover any such costs or investments, which could have a material adverse effect on their business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
extensive federal regulation of the operations and businesses of nee and fpl exposes nee and fpl to significant and increasing compliance costs and may also expose them to substantial monetary penalties and other sanctions for compliance failures.
nee's and fpl's operations and businesses are subject to extensive federal regulation, which generally imposes significant and increasing compliance costs on their operations and businesses. additionally, any actual or alleged compliance failures could result in significant costs and other potentially adverse effects of regulatory investigations, proceedings, settlements, decisions and claims, including, among other items, potentially significant monetary penalties. as an example, under the energy policy act of 2005, nee and fpl, as owners and operators of bulk-power transmission systems and/or electric generation facilities, are subject to mandatory reliability standards. compliance with these mandatory reliability standards may subject nee and fpl to higher operating costs and may result in increased capital expenditures. if fpl or nee is found not to be in compliance with these standards, they may incur substantial monetary penalties and other sanctions. both the costs of regulatory compliance and the costs that may be imposed as a result of any actual or alleged compliance failures could have a material adverse effect on nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
changes in tax laws, guidance or policies, including but not limited to changes in corporate income tax rates, as well as judgments and estimates used in the determination of tax-related asset and liability amounts, could materially adversely affect nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
nee's and fpl's provision for income taxes and reporting of tax-related assets and liabilities require significant judgments and the use of estimates. amounts of tax-related assets and liabilities involve judgments and estimates of the timing and probability of recognition of income, deductions and tax credits, including, but not limited to, estimates for potential adverse outcomes regarding tax positions that have been taken and the ability to utilize tax benefit carryforwards, such as net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. actual income taxes could vary significantly from estimated amounts due to the future impacts of, among other things, changes in tax laws, guidance or policies, including changes in corporate income tax rates, the financial condition and results of operations of nee and fpl, and the resolution of audit issues raised by taxing authorities. these factors, including the ultimate resolution of income tax matters, may result in material adjustments to tax-related assets and liabilities, which could materially adversely affect nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be materially adversely affected due to adverse results of litigation.
nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be materially affected by adverse results of litigation. unfavorable resolution of legal or administrative proceedings in which nee or fpl is involved or other future legal or administrative proceedings may have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects of nee and fpl.
development and operational risks nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could suffer if nee and fpl do not proceed with projects under development or are unable to complete the construction of, or capital improvements to, electric generation, transmission and distribution facilities, gas infrastructure facilities or other facilities on schedule or within budget.
nee's and fpl's ability to proceed with projects under development and to complete construction of, and capital improvement projects for, their electric generation, transmission and distribution facilities, gas infrastructure facilities and other facilities on schedule and within budget may be adversely affected by escalating costs for materials and labor and regulatory compliance, inability to obtain or renew necessary licenses, rights-of-way, permits or other approvals on acceptable terms or on schedule, disputes involving contractors, labor organizations, land owners, governmental entities, environmental groups, native american and aboriginal groups, lessors, joint venture partners and other third parties, negative publicity, transmission interconnection issues and other factors. if any development project or construction or capital improvement project is not completed, is delayed or is subject to cost overruns, certain associated costs may not be approved for recovery or otherwise be recoverable through regulatory mechanisms that may be available, and nee and fpl could become obligated to make delay or termination payments or become obligated for other damages under contracts, could experience the loss of tax credits or tax incentives, or delayed or diminished returns, and could be required to write off all or a portion of their investment in the project. any of these events could have a material adverse effect on nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
nee and fpl face risks related to project siting, financing, construction, permitting, governmental approvals and the negotiation of project development agreements that may impede their development and operating activities.
nee and fpl own, develop, construct, manage and operate electric-generation and transmission facilities and natural gas transmission facilities. a key component of nee's and fpl's growth is their ability to construct and operate generation and transmission facilities to meet customer needs. as part of these operations, nee and fpl must periodically apply for licenses and permits from various local, state, federal and other regulatory authorities and abide by their respective conditions. should nee or fpl be unsuccessful in obtaining necessary licenses or permits on acceptable terms or resolving third-party challenges to such licenses or permits, should there be a delay in obtaining or renewing necessary licenses or permits or should regulatory authorities initiate any associated investigations or enforcement actions or impose related penalties or disallowances on nee or fpl, nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially adversely affected. any failure to negotiate successful project development agreements for new facilities with third parties could have similar results.
the operation and maintenance of nee's and fpl's electric generation, transmission and distribution facilities, gas infrastructure facilities, retail gas distribution system in florida and other facilities are subject to many operational risks, the consequences of which could have a material adverse effect on nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
nee's and fpl's electric generation, transmission and distribution facilities, gas infrastructure facilities, retail gas distribution system in florida and other facilities are subject to many operational risks. operational risks could result in, among other things, lost revenues due to prolonged outages, increased expenses due to monetary penalties or fines for compliance failures or legal claims, liability to third parties for property and personal injury damage or loss of life, a failure to perform under applicable power sales agreements or other agreements and associated loss of revenues from terminated agreements or liability for liquidated damages under continuing agreements, and replacement equipment costs or an obligation to purchase or generate replacement power at higher prices.
uncertainties and risks inherent in operating and maintaining nee's and fpl's facilities include, but are not limited to:
•risks associated with facility start-up operations, such as whether the facility will achieve projected operating performance on schedule and otherwise as planned;
•failures in the availability, acquisition or transportation of fuel or other necessary supplies;
•the impact of unusual or adverse weather conditions and natural disasters, including, but not limited to, hurricanes, tornadoes, icing events, floods, earthquakes and droughts;
•performance below expected or contracted levels of output or efficiency;
•breakdown or failure, including, but not limited to, explosions, fires, leaks or other major events, of equipment, transmission or distribution systems or pipelines;
•availability of replacement equipment;
•risks of property damage, human injury or loss of life from energized equipment, hazardous substances or explosions, fires, leaks or other events, especially where facilities are located near populated areas;
•potential environmental impacts of gas infrastructure operations;
•availability of adequate water resources and ability to satisfy water intake and discharge requirements;
•inability to identify, manage properly or mitigate equipment defects in nee's and fpl's facilities;
•use of new or unproven technology;
•risks associated with dependence on a specific type of fuel or fuel source, such as commodity price risk, availability of adequate fuel supply and transportation, and lack of available alternative fuel sources;
•increased competition due to, among other factors, new facilities, excess supply, shifting demand and regulatory changes; and
•insufficient insurance, warranties or performance guarantees to cover any or all lost revenues or increased expenses from the foregoing.
nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be negatively affected by a lack of growth or slower growth in the number of customers or in customer usage.
growth in customer accounts and growth of customer usage each directly influence the demand for electricity and the need for additional power generation and power delivery facilities, as well as the need for energy-related commodities such as natural gas. customer growth and customer usage are affected by a number of factors outside the control of nee and fpl, such as mandated energy efficiency measures, demand side management requirements, and economic and demographic conditions, such as population changes, job and income growth, housing starts, new business formation and the overall level of economic activity. a lack of growth, or a decline, in the number of customers or in customer demand for electricity or natural gas and other fuels may cause nee and fpl to fail to fully realize the anticipated benefits from significant investments and expenditures and could have a material adverse effect on nee's and fpl's growth, business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects can be materially adversely affected by weather conditions, including, but not limited to, the impact of severe weather.
weather conditions directly influence the demand for electricity and natural gas and other fuels and affect the price of energy and energy-related commodities. in addition, severe weather and natural disasters, such as hurricanes, floods, tornadoes, icing events and earthquakes, can be destructive and cause power outages and property damage, reduce revenue, affect the availability of fuel and water, and require nee and fpl to incur additional costs, for example, to restore service and repair damaged facilities, to obtain replacement power and to access available financing sources. furthermore, nee's and fpl's physical plants could be placed at greater risk of damage should changes in the global climate produce unusual variations in temperature and weather patterns, resulting in more intense, frequent and extreme weather events, abnormal levels of precipitation and, particularly relevant to fpl, a change in sea level. fpl operates in the east and lower west coasts of florida and in northwest florida, areas that historically have been prone to severe weather events, such as hurricanes. a disruption or failure of electric generation, transmission or distribution systems or natural gas production, transmission, storage or distribution systems in the event of a hurricane, tornado or other severe weather event, or otherwise, could prevent nee and fpl from operating their business in the normal course and could result in any of the adverse consequences described above. any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
at fpl and other businesses of nee where cost recovery is available, recovery of costs to restore service and repair damaged facilities is or may be subject to regulatory approval, and any determination by the regulator not to permit timely and full recovery of the costs incurred could have a material adverse effect on nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
changes in weather can also affect the production of electricity at power generation facilities, including, but not limited to, neer's wind and solar facilities. for example, the level of wind resource affects the revenue produced by wind generation facilities. because the levels of wind and solar resources are variable and difficult to predict, neer's results of operations for individual wind and solar facilities specifically, and nee's results of operations generally, may vary significantly from period to period, depending on the level of available resources. to the extent that resources are not available at planned levels, the financial results from these facilities may be less than expected.
threats of terrorism and catastrophic events that could result from terrorism, cyberattacks, or individuals and/or groups attempting to disrupt nee's and fpl's business, or the businesses of third parties, may materially adversely affect nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
nee and fpl are subject to the potentially adverse operating and financial effects of terrorist acts and threats, as well as cyberattacks and other disruptive activities of individuals or groups. there have been cyberattacks within the energy industry on energy infrastructure such as substations, gas pipelines and related assets in the past and there may be such attacks in the future. nee's and fpl's generation, transmission and distribution facilities, fuel storage facilities, information technology systems and other infrastructure facilities and systems could be direct targets of, or otherwise be materially adversely affected by, such activities.
terrorist acts, cyberattacks or other similar events affecting nee's and fpl's systems and facilities, or those of third parties on which nee and fpl rely, could harm nee's and fpl's business, for example, by limiting their ability to generate, purchase or transmit power, natural gas or other energy-related commodities, by limiting their ability to bill customers and collect and process payments, and by delaying their development and construction of new generation, distribution or transmission facilities or capital improvements to existing facilities. these events, and governmental actions in response, could result in a material decrease in revenues, significant additional costs (for example, to repair assets, implement additional security requirements or maintain or acquire insurance), significant fines and penalties, and reputational damage, could materially adversely affect nee's and fpl's operations (for example, by contributing to disruption of supplies and markets for natural gas, oil and other fuels), and could impair nee's and fpl's ability to raise capital (for example, by contributing to financial instability and lower economic activity). in addition, the implementation of security guidelines and measures has resulted in and is expected to continue to result in increased costs. such events or actions may materially adversely affect nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
the ability of nee and fpl to obtain insurance and the terms of any available insurance coverage could be materially adversely affected by international, national, state or local events and company-specific events, as well as the financial condition of insurers. nee's and fpl's insurance coverage does not provide protection against all significant losses.
insurance coverage may not continue to be available or may not be available at rates or on terms similar to those presently available to nee and fpl. the ability of nee and fpl to obtain insurance and the terms of any available insurance coverage could be materially adversely affected by international, national, state or local events and company-specific events, as well as the financial condition of insurers. if insurance coverage is not available or obtainable on acceptable terms, nee or fpl may be required to pay costs associated with adverse future events. nee and fpl generally are not fully insured against all significant losses. for example, fpl is not fully insured against hurricane-related losses, but could instead seek recovery of such uninsured losses from customers subject to approval by the fpsc, to the extent losses exceed restricted funds set aside to cover the cost of storm damage. a loss for which nee or fpl is not fully insured could have a material adverse effect on nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
nee invests in gas and oil producing and transmission assets through neer's gas infrastructure business. the gas infrastructure business is exposed to fluctuating market prices of natural gas, natural gas liquids, oil and other energy commodities. a prolonged period of low gas and oil prices could impact neer's gas infrastructure business and cause neer to delay or cancel certain gas infrastructure projects and could result in certain projects becoming impaired, which could materially adversely affect nee's results of operations.
natural gas and oil prices are affected by supply and demand, both globally and regionally. factors that influence supply and demand include operational issues, natural disasters, weather, political instability, conflicts, new discoveries, technological advances, economic conditions and actions by major oil-producing countries. there can be significant volatility in market prices for gas and oil, and price fluctuations could have a material effect on the financial performance of gas and oil producing and transmission assets. for example, in a low gas and oil price environment, neer would generate less revenue from its gas infrastructure investments in gas and oil producing properties, and as a result certain investments might become less profitable or incur losses. prolonged periods of low oil and gas prices could also result in the delay or cancellation of oil and gas production and transmission projects, could cause projects to experience lower returns, and could result in certain projects becoming impaired, which could materially adversely affect nee's results of operations.
if supply costs necessary to provide neer's full energy and capacity requirement services are not favorable, operating costs could increase and materially adversely affect nee's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
neer provides full energy and capacity requirements services primarily to distribution utilities, which include load-following services and various ancillary services, to satisfy all or a portion of such utilities' power supply obligations to their customers. the supply costs for these transactions may be affected by a number of factors, including, but not limited to, events that may occur after such utilities have committed to supply power, such as weather conditions, fluctuating prices for energy and ancillary services, and the ability of the distribution utilities' customers to elect to receive service from competing suppliers. neer may not be able to recover all of its increased supply costs, which could have a material adverse effect on nee's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
due to the potential for significant volatility in market prices for fuel, electricity and renewable and other energy commodities, neer's inability or failure to manage properly or hedge effectively the commodity risks within its portfolios could materially adversely affect nee's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
there can be significant volatility in market prices for fuel, electricity and renewable and other energy commodities. nee's inability or failure to manage properly or hedge effectively its assets or positions against changes in commodity prices, volumes, interest rates, counterparty credit risk or other risk measures, based on factors that are either within, or wholly or partially outside of, nee's control, may materially adversely affect nee's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
reductions in the liquidity of energy markets may restrict the ability of nee to manage its operational risks, which, in turn, could negatively affect nee's results of operations.
nee is an active participant in energy markets. the liquidity of regional energy markets is an important factor in nee's ability to manage risks in these operations. market liquidity is driven in part by the number of active market participants. liquidity in the energy markets can be adversely affected by price volatility, restrictions on the availability of credit and other factors, and any reduction in the liquidity of energy markets could have a material adverse effect on nee's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
nee's and fpl's hedging and trading procedures and associated risk management tools may not protect against significant losses.
nee and fpl have hedging and trading procedures and associated risk management tools, such as separate but complementary financial, credit, operational, compliance and legal reporting systems, internal controls, management review processes and other mechanisms. nee and fpl are unable to assure that such procedures and tools will be effective against all potential risks, including, without limitation, employee misconduct. if such procedures and tools are not effective, this could have a material adverse effect on nee's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
if price movements significantly or persistently deviate from historical behavior, nee's and fpl's risk management tools associated with their hedging and trading procedures may not protect against significant losses.
nee's and fpl's risk management tools and metrics associated with their hedging and trading procedures, such as daily value at risk, earnings at risk, stop loss limits and liquidity guidelines, are based on historical price movements. due to the inherent uncertainty involved in price movements and potential deviation from historical pricing behavior, nee and fpl are unable to assure that their risk management tools and metrics will be effective to protect against material adverse effects on their business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
if power transmission or natural gas, nuclear fuel or other commodity transportation facilities are unavailable or disrupted, the ability for subsidiaries of nee, including fpl, to sell and deliver power or natural gas may be limited.
subsidiaries of nee, including fpl, depend upon power transmission and natural gas, nuclear fuel and other commodity transportation facilities, many of which they do not own. occurrences affecting the operation of these facilities that may or may not be beyond the control of subsidiaries of nee, including fpl, (such as severe weather or a generation or transmission facility outage, pipeline rupture, or sudden and significant increase or decrease in wind generation) may limit or halt their ability to sell and deliver power and natural gas, or to purchase necessary fuels and other commodities, which could materially adversely impact nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
nee and fpl are subject to credit and performance risk from customers, hedging counterparties and vendors.
nee and fpl are exposed to risks associated with the creditworthiness and performance of their customers, hedging counterparties and vendors under contracts for the supply of equipment, materials, fuel and other goods and services required for their business operations and for the construction and operation of, and for capital improvements to, their facilities. adverse conditions in the energy industry or the general economy, as well as circumstances of individual customers, hedging counterparties and vendors, may adversely affect the ability of some customers, hedging counterparties and vendors to perform as required under their contracts with nee and fpl.
if any hedging, vending or other counterparty fails to fulfill its contractual obligations, nee and fpl may need to make arrangements with other counterparties or vendors, which could result in material financial losses, higher costs, untimely completion of power generation facilities and other projects, and/or a disruption of their operations. if a defaulting counterparty is in poor financial condition, nee and fpl may not be able to recover damages for any contract breach.
nee and fpl could recognize financial losses or a reduction in operating cash flows if a counterparty fails to perform or make payments in accordance with the terms of derivative contracts or if nee or fpl is required to post margin cash collateral under derivative contracts.
nee and fpl use derivative instruments, such as swaps, options, futures and forwards, some of which are traded in the otc markets or on exchanges, to manage their commodity and financial market risks, and for nee to engage in trading and marketing activities. any failures by their counterparties to perform or make payments in accordance with the terms of those transactions could have a material adverse effect on nee's or fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. similarly, any requirement for fpl or nee to post margin cash collateral under its derivative contracts could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. these risks may be increased during periods of adverse market or economic conditions affecting the industry in which nee and fpl participate.
nee and fpl are highly dependent on sensitive and complex information technology systems, and any failure or breach of those systems could have a material adverse effect on their business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
nee and fpl operate in a highly regulated industry that requires the continuous functioning of sophisticated information technology systems and network infrastructure. despite nee's and fpl's implementation of security measures, all of their technology systems are vulnerable to disability, failures or unauthorized access due to such activities. if nee's or fpl's information technology systems were to fail or be breached, sensitive confidential and other data could be compromised and nee and fpl could be unable to fulfill critical business functions.
nee's and fpl's business is highly dependent on their ability to process and monitor, on a daily basis, a very large number of transactions, many of which are highly complex and cross numerous and diverse markets. due to the size, scope, complexity and geographical reach of nee's and fpl's business, the development and maintenance of information technology systems to keep track of and process information is critical and challenging. nee's and fpl's operating systems and facilities may fail to operate properly or become disabled as a result of events that are either within, or wholly or partially outside of, their control, such as operator error, severe weather, terrorist activities or cyber incidents. any such failure or disabling event could materially adversely affect nee's and fpl's ability to process transactions and provide services, and their business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
nee and fpl add, modify and replace information systems on a regular basis. modifying existing information systems or implementing new or replacement information systems is costly and involves risks, including, but not limited to, integrating the modified, new or replacement system with existing systems and processes, implementing associated changes in accounting procedures and controls, and ensuring that data conversion is accurate and consistent. any disruptions or deficiencies in existing information systems, or disruptions, delays or deficiencies in the modification or implementation of new information systems, could result in increased costs, the inability to track or collect revenues and the diversion of management's and employees' attention and resources, and could negatively impact the effectiveness of the companies' control environment, and/or the companies' ability to timely file required regulatory reports.
nee and fpl also face the risks of operational failure or capacity constraints of third parties, including, but not limited to, those who provide power transmission and natural gas transportation services.
nee's and fpl's retail businesses are subject to the risk that sensitive customer data may be compromised, which could result in a material adverse impact to their reputation and/or have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects of nee and fpl.
nee's and fpl's retail businesses require access to sensitive customer data in the ordinary course of business. nee's and fpl's retail businesses may also need to provide sensitive customer data to vendors and service providers who require access to this information in order to provide services, such as call center services, to the retail businesses. if a significant breach occurred, the reputation of nee and fpl could be materially adversely affected, customer confidence could be diminished, or customer information could be subject to identity theft. nee and fpl would be subject to costs associated with the breach and/or nee and fpl could be subject to fines and legal claims, any of which may have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects of nee and fpl.
nee and fpl could recognize financial losses as a result of volatility in the market values of derivative instruments and limited liquidity in otc markets.
nee and fpl execute transactions in derivative instruments on either recognized exchanges or via the otc markets, depending on management's assessment of the most favorable credit and market execution factors. transactions executed in otc markets have the potential for greater volatility and less liquidity than transactions on recognized exchanges. as a result, nee and fpl may not be able to execute desired otc transactions due to such heightened volatility and limited liquidity.
in the absence of actively quoted market prices and pricing information from external sources, the valuation of derivative instruments involves management's judgment and use of estimates. as a result, changes in the underlying assumptions or use of alternative valuation methods could affect the reported fair value of these derivative instruments and have a material adverse effect on nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
nee and fpl may be materially adversely affected by negative publicity.
from time to time, political and public sentiment may result in a significant amount of adverse press coverage and other adverse public statements affecting nee and fpl. adverse press coverage and other adverse statements, whether or not driven by political or public sentiment, may also result in investigations by regulators, legislators and law enforcement officials or in legal claims. responding to these investigations and lawsuits, regardless of the ultimate outcome of the proceeding, can divert the time and effort of senior management from nee's and fpl's business.
addressing any adverse publicity, governmental scrutiny or enforcement or other legal proceedings is time consuming and expensive and, regardless of the factual basis for the assertions being made, can have a negative impact on the reputation of nee and fpl, on the morale and performance of their employees and on their relationships with regulators. it may also have a negative impact on their ability to take timely advantage of various business and market opportunities. the direct and indirect effects of negative publicity, and the demands of responding to and addressing it, may have a material adverse effect on nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be adversely affected if fpl is unable to maintain, negotiate or renegotiate franchise agreements on acceptable terms with municipalities and counties in florida.
fpl may negotiate franchise agreements with municipalities and counties in florida to provide electric services within such municipalities and counties, and electricity sales generated pursuant to these agreements represent a very substantial portion of fpl's revenues. if fpl is unable to maintain, negotiate or renegotiate such franchise agreements on acceptable terms, it could contribute to lower earnings and fpl may not fully realize the anticipated benefits from significant investments and expenditures, which could adversely affect nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially adversely affected by work strikes or stoppages and increasing personnel costs.
employee strikes or work stoppages could disrupt operations and lead to a loss of revenue and customers. personnel costs may also increase due to inflationary or competitive pressures on payroll and benefits costs and revised terms of collective bargaining agreements with union employees. these consequences could have a material adverse effect on nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
nee's ability to successfully identify, complete and integrate acquisitions is subject to significant risks, including, but not limited to, the effect of increased competition for acquisitions resulting from the consolidation of the energy industry.
nee is likely to encounter significant competition for acquisition opportunities that may become available as a result of the consolidation of the energy industry in general. in addition, nee may be unable to identify attractive acquisition opportunities at favorable prices and to complete and integrate them successfully and in a timely manner.
nuclear generation risks the operation and maintenance of nee's and fpl's nuclear generation facilities involve environmental, health and financial risks that could result in fines or the closure of the facilities and in increased costs and capital expenditures.
nee's and fpl's nuclear generation facilities are subject to environmental, health and financial risks, including, but not limited to, those relating to site storage of spent nuclear fuel, the disposition of spent nuclear fuel, leakage and emissions of tritium and other radioactive elements in the event of a nuclear accident or otherwise, the threat of a terrorist attack or cyber incident and other potential liabilities arising out of the ownership or operation of the facilities. nee and fpl maintain decommissioning funds and external insurance coverage which are intended to reduce the financial exposure to some of these risks; however, the cost of decommissioning nuclear generation facilities could exceed the amount available in nee's and fpl's decommissioning funds, and the exposure to liability and property damages could exceed the amount of insurance coverage. if nee or fpl is unable to recover the additional costs incurred through insurance or, in the case of fpl, through regulatory mechanisms, their business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially adversely affected.
in the event of an incident at any nuclear generation facility in the u.s. or at certain nuclear generation facilities in europe, nee and fpl could be assessed significant retrospective assessments and/or retrospective insurance premiums as a result of their participation in a secondary financial protection system and nuclear insurance mutual companies.
liability for accidents at nuclear power plants is governed by the price-anderson act, which limits the liability of nuclear reactor owners to the amount of insurance available from both private sources and an industry retrospective payment plan. in accordance with this act, nee maintains the maximum amount of private liability insurance obtainable, and participates in a secondary financial protection system, which provides liability insurance coverage for an incident at any nuclear reactor in the u.s. under the secondary financial protection system, nee is subject to retrospective assessments and/or retrospective insurance premiums, plus any applicable taxes, for an incident at any nuclear reactor in the u.s. or at certain nuclear generation facilities in europe, regardless of fault or proximity to the incident. such assessments, if levied, could materially adversely affect nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
nrc orders or new regulations related to increased security measures and any future safety requirements promulgated by the nrc could require nee and fpl to incur substantial operating and capital expenditures at their nuclear generation facilities and/or result in reduced revenues.
the nrc has broad authority to impose licensing and safety-related requirements for the operation and maintenance of nuclear generation facilities, the addition of capacity at existing nuclear generation facilities and the construction of new nuclear generation facilities, and these requirements are subject to change. in the event of non-compliance, the nrc has the authority to impose fines and/or shut down a nuclear generation facility, depending upon the nrc's assessment of the severity of the situation, until compliance is achieved. any of the foregoing events could require nee and fpl to incur increased costs and capital expenditures, and could reduce revenues.
any serious nuclear incident occurring at a nee or fpl plant could result in substantial remediation costs and other expenses. a major incident at a nuclear facility anywhere in the world could cause the nrc to limit or prohibit the operation or licensing of any domestic nuclear generation facility. an incident at a nuclear facility anywhere in the world also could cause the nrc to impose additional conditions or other requirements on the industry, or on certain types of nuclear generation units, which could increase costs, reduce revenues and result in additional capital expenditures.
the inability to operate any of nee's or fpl's nuclear generation units through the end of their respective operating licenses could have a material adverse effect on nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
if any of nee's or fpl's nuclear generation facilities are not operated for any reason through the life of their respective operating licenses, nee or fpl may be required to increase depreciation rates, incur impairment charges and accelerate future decommissioning expenditures, any of which could materially adversely affect their business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
nee's and fpl's nuclear units are periodically removed from service to accommodate planned refueling and maintenance outages, and for other purposes. if planned outages last longer than anticipated or if there are unplanned outages, nee's and fpl's results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected.
nee's and fpl's nuclear units are periodically removed from service to accommodate planned refueling and maintenance outages, including, but not limited to, inspections, repairs and certain other modifications as well as to replace equipment. in the event that a scheduled outage lasts longer than anticipated or in the event of an unplanned outage due to, for example, equipment failure, such outages could materially adversely affect nee's or fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
liquidity, capital requirements and common stock risks disruptions, uncertainty or volatility in the credit and capital markets, among other factors, may negatively affect nee's and fpl's ability to fund their liquidity and capital needs and to meet their growth objectives, and can also materially adversely affect the results of operations and financial condition of nee and fpl.
nee and fpl rely on access to capital and credit markets as significant sources of liquidity for capital requirements and other operations requirements that are not satisfied by operating cash flows. disruptions, uncertainty or volatility in those capital and credit markets could increase nee's and fpl's cost of capital and affect their ability to fund their liquidity and capital needs and to meet their growth objectives. if nee or fpl is unable to access regularly the capital and credit markets on terms that are reasonable, it may have to delay raising capital, issue shorter-term securities and incur an unfavorable cost of capital, which, in turn, could adversely affect its ability to grow its business, could contribute to lower earnings and reduced financial flexibility, and could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
although nee's competitive energy and certain other subsidiaries have used non-recourse or limited-recourse, project-specific or other financing in the past, market conditions and other factors could adversely affect the future availability of such financing. the inability of nee's subsidiaries, including, without limitation, neech and its subsidiaries, to access the capital and credit markets to provide project-specific or other financing for electric generation or other facilities or acquisitions on favorable terms, whether because of disruptions or volatility in those markets or otherwise, could necessitate additional capital raising or borrowings by nee and/or neech in the future.
the inability of subsidiaries that have existing project-specific or other financing arrangements to meet the requirements of various agreements relating to those financings, as well as actions by third parties or lenders, could give rise to a project-specific financing default which, if not cured or waived, might result in the specific project, and potentially in some limited instances its parent companies, being required to repay the associated debt or other borrowings earlier than otherwise anticipated, and if such repayment were not made, the lenders or security holders would generally have rights to foreclose against the project assets and related collateral. such an occurrence also could result in nee expending additional funds or incurring additional obligations over the shorter term to ensure continuing compliance with project-specific financing arrangements based upon the expectation of improvement in the project's performance or financial returns over the longer term. any of these actions could materially adversely affect nee's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects, as well as the availability or terms of future financings for nee or its subsidiaries.
nee's, neech's and fpl's inability to maintain their current credit ratings may materially adversely affect nee's and fpl's liquidity and results of operations, limit the ability of nee and fpl to grow their business, and increase interest costs.
the inability of nee, neech and fpl to maintain their current credit ratings could materially adversely affect their ability to raise capital or obtain credit on favorable terms, which, in turn, could impact nee's and fpl's ability to grow their business and service indebtedness and repay borrowings, and would likely increase their interest costs. in addition, certain agreements and guarantee arrangements would require posting of additional collateral in the event of a ratings downgrade. some of the factors that can affect credit ratings are cash flows, liquidity, the amount of debt as a component of total capitalization, nee's overall business mix and political, legislative and regulatory actions. there can be no assurance that one or more of the ratings of nee, neech and fpl will not be lowered or withdrawn entirely by a rating agency.
nee's and fpl's liquidity may be impaired if their credit providers are unable to fund their credit commitments to the companies or to maintain their current credit ratings.
the inability of nee's, neech's and fpl's credit providers to fund their credit commitments or to maintain their current credit ratings could require nee, neech or fpl, among other things, to renegotiate requirements in agreements, find an alternative credit provider with acceptable credit ratings to meet funding requirements, or post cash collateral and could have a material adverse effect on nee's and fpl's liquidity.
poor market performance and other economic factors could affect nee's defined benefit pension plan's funded status, which may materially adversely affect nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations and prospects.
nee sponsors a qualified noncontributory defined benefit pension plan for substantially all employees of nee and its subsidiaries. a decline in the market value of the assets held in the defined benefit pension plan due to poor investment performance or other factors may increase the funding requirements for this obligation.
nee's defined benefit pension plan is sensitive to changes in interest rates, since as interest rates decrease, the funding liabilities increase, potentially increasing benefits costs and funding requirements. any increase in benefits costs or funding requirements may have a material adverse effect on nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and prospects.
poor market performance and other economic factors could adversely affect the asset values of nee's and fpl's nuclear decommissioning funds, which may materially adversely affect nee's and fpl's liquidity, financial condition and results of operations.
nee and fpl are required to maintain decommissioning funds to satisfy their future obligations to decommission their nuclear power plants. a decline in the market value of the assets held in the decommissioning funds due to poor investment performance or other factors may increase the funding requirements for these obligations. any increase in funding requirements may have a material adverse effect on nee's and fpl's liquidity, financial condition and results of operations.
certain of nee's investments are subject to changes in market value and other risks, which may materially adversely affect nee's liquidity, financial condition and results of operations.
nee holds certain investments where changes in the fair value affect nee's financial results. in some cases there may be no observable market values for these investments, requiring fair value estimates to be based on other valuation techniques. this type of analysis requires significant judgment and the actual values realized in a sale of these investments could differ materially from those estimated. a sale of an investment below previously estimated value, or other decline in the fair value of an investment, could result in losses or the write-off of such investment, and may have a material adverse effect on nee's liquidity, financial condition and results of operations.
nee may be unable to meet its ongoing and future financial obligations and to pay dividends on its common stock if its subsidiaries are unable to pay upstream dividends or repay funds to nee.
nee is a holding company and, as such, has no material operations of its own. substantially all of nee's consolidated assets are held by its subsidiaries. nee's ability to meet its financial obligations, including, but not limited to, its guarantees, and to pay dividends on its common stock is primarily dependent on its subsidiaries' net income and cash flows, which are subject to the risks of their respective businesses, and their ability to pay upstream dividends or to repay funds to nee.
nee's subsidiaries are separate legal entities and have no independent obligation to provide nee with funds for its payment obligations. the subsidiaries have financial obligations, including, but not limited to, payment of debt service, which they must satisfy before they can provide nee with funds. in addition, in the event of a subsidiary's liquidation or reorganization, nee's right to participate in a distribution of assets is subject to the prior claims of the subsidiary's creditors.
the dividend-paying ability of some of the subsidiaries is limited by contractual restrictions which are contained in outstanding financing agreements and which may be included in future financing agreements. the future enactment of laws or regulations also may prohibit or restrict the ability of nee's subsidiaries to pay upstream dividends or to repay funds.
nee may be unable to meet its ongoing and future financial obligations and to pay dividends on its common stock if nee is required to perform under guarantees of obligations of its subsidiaries.
nee guarantees many of the obligations of its consolidated subsidiaries, other than fpl, through guarantee agreements with neech. these guarantees may require nee to provide substantial funds to its subsidiaries or their creditors or counterparties at a time when nee is in need of liquidity to meet its own financial obligations. funding such guarantees may materially adversely affect nee's ability to meet its financial obligations or to pay dividends.
nep may not be able to access sources of capital on commercially reasonable terms, which would have a material adverse effect on its ability to consummate future acquisitions and on the value of nee's limited partner interest in nep opco.
through an indirect wholly owned subsidiary, nee owns a limited partner interest in nep opco. nep's inability to access capital on commercially reasonable terms and effectively consummate future acquisitions could have a material adverse effect on nep's ability to grow its cash distributions to its common unitholders, including nee, and on the value of nee's limited partnership interest in nep opco. in addition, nep's issuance of additional common units, securities convertible into nep common units or other securities in connection with acquisitions could cause significant common unitholder dilution and reduce cash distributions to its common unitholders, including nee, if the acquisitions are not sufficiently accretive.
disruptions, uncertainty or volatility in the credit and capital markets may exert downward pressure on the market price of nee's common stock.
the market price and trading volume of nee's common stock are subject to fluctuations as a result of, among other factors, general credit and capital market conditions and changes in market sentiment regarding the operations, business and financing strategies of nee and its subsidiaries. as a result, disruptions, uncertainty or volatility in the credit and capital markets may, for example, have a material adverse effect on the market price of nee's common stock.
widespread public health crises and epidemics or pandemics, including the novel coronavirus (covid-19), may have material adverse impacts on nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations.
nee and fpl are subject to the impacts of widespread public health crises, epidemics and pandemics, including, but not limited to, impacts on the global, national or local economy, capital and credit markets, nee's and fpl's workforce, customers and suppliers. there is no assurance that nee's and fpl's businesses will be able to operate without material adverse impacts depending on the nature of the public health crisis, epidemic or pandemic. actions taken in response to such crises by federal, state and local government or regulatory agencies may have a material adverse impact on nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations.
the ultimate severity, duration and impact of public health crises, epidemics and pandemics cannot be predicted. additionally, there is no assurance that vaccines or other treatments will be widely available or effective, or that the public will be willing to participate, in an effort to contain the spread of disease.
nee and fpl are closely monitoring the global outbreak of covid-19. at this time, nee and fpl are unable to determine the ultimate severity or duration of the outbreak or its effects on, among other things, the global, national or local economy, the capital and credit markets, or nee's and fpl's workforce, customers and suppliers. to date, covid-19 has not had a material adverse impact on nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations.
item 7.  management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations overview nee's operating performance is driven primarily by the operations of its two principal businesses, fpl, which serves more than 5.6 million customer accounts in florida and is one of the largest electric utilities in the u.s., and neer, which together with affiliated entities is the world's largest generator of renewable energy from the wind and sun based on 2020 mwh produced on a net generation basis. the table below presents net income (loss) attributable to nee and earnings (loss) per share attributable to nee, assuming dilution, by reportable segment, fpl and neer, as well as gulf power, acquired by nee in january 2019 (see note 6 - gulf power company), and corporate and other, which is primarily comprised of the operating results of other business activities, as well as other income and expense items, including interest expense, and eliminating entries. prior years' share-based data included in management's discussion has been retrospectively adjusted to reflect the 2020 stock split. see note 14 - earnings per share. the following discussion should be read in conjunction with the notes to consolidated financial statements contained herein and all comparisons are with the corresponding items in the prior year.
net income (loss) attributable                                                     earnings (loss) per share attributable to nee, to nee                                                                                  assuming dilution years ended december 31,                                                                           years ended december 31,
2020                                        2019                            2018                                                2020                                2019   2018
(millions)
fpl                           $2,650                          $2,334                          $2,171                     $1.35                               $1.20                               $1.14
gulf power(a)                    238        180                                                    -                      0.12                                0.09                                   -
neer(b)(c)                       531                           1,807                           4,704                      0.27                                0.93         2.46
corporate and other            (500)                           (552)                           (237)                    (0.26)                              (0.28)                              (0.13)
nee(c)                        $2,919                          $3,769                          $6,638                     $1.48                               $1.94                               $3.47
______________________
(a)    gulf power was acquired by nee in january 2019. see note 6 - gulf power company.
(b)    neer's results reflect an allocation of interest expense from neech based on a deemed capital structure of 70% debt and differential membership interests sold by nextera energy resources' subsidiaries.
(c)    nep was deconsolidated from neer in january 2018. see note 1 - basis of presentation.
for the five years ended december 31, 2020, nee delivered a total shareholder return of approximately 237.6%, above the s&p 500's 103.0% return, the s&p 500 utilities' 72.3% return and the dow jones u.s. electricity's 72.6% return. the historical stock performance of nee's common stock shown in the performance graph below is not necessarily indicative of future stock price performance.
34
adjusted earnings nee prepares its financial statements under gaap. however, management uses earnings adjusted for certain items (adjusted earnings), a non-gaap financial measure, internally for financial planning, analysis of performance, reporting of results to the board of directors and as an input in determining performance-based compensation under nee's employee incentive compensation plans. nee also uses adjusted earnings when communicating its financial results and earnings outlook to analysts and investors. nee's management believes that adjusted earnings provide a more meaningful representation of nee's fundamental earnings power. although these amounts are properly included in the determination of net income under gaap, management believes that the amount and/or nature of such items make period to period comparisons of operations difficult and potentially confusing. adjusted earnings do not represent a substitute for net income, as prepared under gaap.
the following table provides details of the after-tax adjustments to net income considered in computing nee's adjusted earnings discussed above.
years ended december 31,
2020                                                                                                                          2019                                2018
(millions)
net losses associated with non-qualifying hedge activity(a)                                                 $(650)                        $(404)                              $(186)
tax reform-related, including the impact of tax rate change on differential membership interests(b)         $(87)                         $(89)                               $436
nep investment gains, net(c)                                                                                $(94)                         $96                                 $2,863
gain on disposal of a business - neer(d)                                                                    $274                          $-                                  $-
change in unrealized gains (losses) on neer's nuclear decommissioning funds and otti, net(e)                $131                          $176                                $(125)
acquisition-related(f)                                                                                      $-                            $(70)                               $(14)
operating results of solar projects in spain - neer                                                         $1                            $(2)                                $(9)
impairment charge related to investment in mountain valley pipeline - neer(g)                               $(1,208)                      $-                                  $-
______________________
(a)for 2020, 2019 and 2018, approximately $439 million of losses, $63 million of losses, and $41 million of gains, respectively, are included in neer's net income; the balance is included in corporate and other. the change in non-qualifying hedge activity is primarily attributable to changes in forward power and natural gas prices, interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates, as well as the reversal of previously recognized unrealized mark-to-market gains or losses as the underlying transactions were realized.
(b)for 2020 and 2019, the balances relate to neer. for 2018, approximately $421 million of favorable tax reform-related impacts, including the impact of tax rate change on differential membership interests, relates to neer and the balance relates to corporate and other.
(c)for 2020 and 2019, the balances relate to neer. for 2018, approximately $2,885 million relates to neer and the balance relates to corporate and other. see note 1 - basis of presentation and - disposal of businesses/assets.
(d)see note 1 - disposal of businesses/assets for a discussion of the sale of two solar generation facilities in spain (spain projects).
(e)for 2020, 2019 and 2018, approximately $131 million of gains, $176 million of gains and $127 million of losses, respectively, are included in neer's net income; the balance for 2018 is included in corporate and other.
(f)for 2019, approximately $44 million, $20 million and $6 million of costs are included in corporate and other's, gulf power's and neer's net income, respectively. for 2018, $9 million of costs are included in corporate and other's net income; the balance is included in neer.
(g)see note 4 - nonrecurring fair value measurements for a discussion of the impairment charge related to the investment in mountain valley pipeline.
nee segregates into two categories unrealized mark-to-market gains and losses and timing impacts related to derivative transactions. the first category, referred to as non-qualifying hedges, represents certain energy derivative, interest rate derivative and foreign currency transactions entered into as economic hedges, which do not meet the requirements for hedge accounting, or for which hedge accounting treatment is not elected or has been discontinued. changes in the fair value of those transactions are marked to market and reported in the consolidated statements of income, resulting in earnings volatility because the economic offset to certain of the positions are generally not marked to market. as a consequence, nee's net income reflects only the movement in one part of economically-linked transactions. for example, a gain (loss) in the non-qualifying hedge category for certain energy derivatives is offset by decreases (increases) in the fair value of related physical asset positions in the portfolio or contracts, which are not marked to market under gaap. for this reason, nee's management views results expressed excluding the impact of the non-qualifying hedges as a meaningful measure of current period performance. the second category, referred to as trading activities, which is included in adjusted earnings, represents the net unrealized effect of actively traded positions entered into to take advantage of expected market price movements and all other commodity hedging activities. at fpl, substantially all changes in the fair value of energy derivative transactions are deferred as a regulatory asset or liability until the contracts are settled, and, upon settlement, any gains or losses are passed through the fuel clause. see note 3.
2020 summary net income attributable to nee for 2020 was lower than 2019 by $850 million, or $0.46 per share, assuming dilution, due to lower results at neer, partly offset by higher results at fpl, gulf power and corporate and other.
fpl's increase in net income in 2020 was primarily driven by continued investments in plant in service and other property.
neer's results decreased in 2020 primarily driven by an impairment charge related to its investment in mountain valley pipeline, unfavorable non-qualifying hedge activity, the absence of nep investment gains recorded upon the sale of ownership interests to nep in june 2019 and unfavorable changes in the fair value of equity securities in neer's nuclear decommissioning funds compared to 2019, partly offset by the gain recognized on the sale of the spain projects and higher earnings on new investments and existing generation assets. in 2020, neer added approximately 2,299 mw of new wind generating capacity, 1,412 mw of wind repowering generating capacity and 625 mw of solar generating capacity in the u.s. and increased its backlog of contracted renewable development projects.
gulf power's increase in net income in 2020 is primarily related to lower operating expenses - net.
corporate and other's results in 2020 increased primarily due to lower net losses associated with non-qualifying hedge activity.
nee and its subsidiaries require funds to support and grow their businesses. these funds are primarily provided by cash flows from operations, borrowings or issuances of short- and long-term debt, proceeds from differential membership investors, sales of assets to nep or third parties and, from time to time, issuances of equity securities. see liquidity and capital resources - liquidity.
results of operations net income attributable to nee for 2020 was $2.92 billion compared to $3.77 billion in 2019. in 2020, net income attributable to nee decreased primarily due to lower results at neer, partly offset by higher results at fpl, gulf power and corporate and other. the comparison of the results of operations for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018 are included in management's discussion in nee's and fpl's annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2019.
in 2019, subsidiaries of nextera energy resources sold ownership interests in three wind generation facilities and three solar generation facilities with a total net generating capacity of approximately 611 mw to a nep subsidiary. in february 2020, a subsidiary of nextera energy resources sold its ownership interest in two solar generation facilities located in spain with a total generating capacity of 99.8 mw. in december 2020, a subsidiary of nextera energy resources sold a 90% noncontrolling ownership interest in a portfolio of three wind generation facilities and four solar generation facilities representing a total net generating capacity of 900 mw. in addition, a subsidiary of nextera energy resources sold its 100% ownership interest in a 100 mw solar generation facility and a 30 mw battery storage facility under construction with an expected in service date in early 2021 to a nep subsidiary. see note 1 - disposal of businesses/assets and - sale of noncontrolling ownership interest.
in july 2019, a wholly owned subsidiary of neet acquired the outstanding membership interests of an entity that indirectly owns trans bay cable, llc (trans bay), which owns and operates a 53-mile, high-voltage direct current underwater transmission cable system in california. see note 6 - trans bay cable, llc. in september 2020, a wholly owned subsidiary of neet entered into agreements to acquire gridliance, which owns and operates three ferc-regulated transmission utilities across six states, five in the midwest and nevada. see note 6 - gridliance.
nee's effective income tax rates for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019 were approximately 2% and 12%, respectively. the rates for both years reflect the impact of ptcs and itcs and, in 2020, also reflect the impact of lower pretax income and the gain on sale of the spain solar projects which was not taxable for federal nor state income tax purposes. see note 5.
on january 1, 2021, fpl and gulf power merged, with fpl as the surviving entity. however, fpl will continue to be regulated as two separate ratemaking entities in the former service areas of fpl and gulf power until the fpsc approves consolidation of the fpl and gulf power rates and tariffs. fpl and gulf power will continue to be separate operating segments of nee as well as fpl, through 2021. see note 6 - merger of fpl and gulf power.
nee and fpl are closely monitoring the global outbreak of covid-19 and are taking steps intended to mitigate the potential risks to nee and fpl posed by covid-19. see note 15 - coronavirus pandemic.
fpl: results of operations fpl obtains its operating revenues primarily from the sale of electricity to retail customers at rates established by the fpsc through base rates and cost recovery clause mechanisms. fpl's net income for 2020 and 2019 was $2,650 million and $2,334 million, respectively, representing an increase of $316 million. the increase was primarily driven by higher earnings from investments in plant in service and other property. such investments grew fpl's average retail rate base by approximately $3.9 billion in 2020 and reflect, among other things, solar generation additions and ongoing transmission and distribution additions.
fpl's service area was impacted by hurricane dorian in 2019 and by hurricane isaias and tropical storm eta in 2020. fpl determined that it would not seek recovery of the hurricane dorian, hurricane isaias and tropical storm eta storm restoration costs through a storm surcharge from customers and instead recorded costs as storm restoration costs in nee's and fpl's consolidated statements of income. fpl used available reserve amortization to offset all such storm restoration costs that were expensed for hurricane dorian, hurricane isaias and tropical storm eta. see note 1 - storm funds, storm reserves and storm cost recovery.
the use of reserve amortization is permitted by the 2016 rate agreement. see item 1. business - fpl - fpl regulation - fpl electric rate regulation - base rates - fpl base rates effective january 2017 for additional information on the 2016 rate agreement. in order to earn a targeted regulatory roe, subject to limitations associated with the 2016 rate agreement, reserve amortization is calculated using a trailing thirteen-month average of retail rate base and capital structure in conjunction with the trailing twelve months regulatory retail base net operating income, which primarily includes the retail base portion of base and other revenues, net of o&m, depreciation and amortization, interest and tax expenses. in general, the net impact of these income statement line items must be adjusted, in part, by reserve amortization to earn the targeted regulatory roe. in certain periods, reserve amortization is reversed so as not to exceed the targeted regulatory roe. the drivers of fpl's net income not reflected in the reserve amortization calculation typically include wholesale and transmission service revenues and expenses, cost recovery clause revenues and expenses, afudc - equity and revenue and costs not recoverable from retail customers. in 2020 and 2019, fpl recorded the reversal of reserve amortization of approximately $1 million and $357 million, respectively. fpl's regulatory roe for both 2020 and 2019 was approximately 11.60%.
during 2020, fpl's operating revenues decreased $530 million primarily related to lower fuel cost recovery revenues of $637 million and $66 million in lower storm-related revenues, partly offset by $244 million in higher retail base revenues.
retail base fpl's retail base revenues for 2020 and 2019 reflect the 2016 rate agreement. in december 2016, the fpsc issued a final order approving the 2016 rate agreement which became effective january 2017 and will remain in effect until new base rates are approved by the fpsc. the 2016 rate agreement establishes fpl's allowed regulatory roe at 10.55%, with a range of 9.60% to 11.60%, and allowed for retail rate base increases in 2017, 2018, and upon commencement of commercial operations at the okeechobee clean energy center and certain solar projects. in january 2021, fpl filed a formal notification with the fpsc indicating its intent to initiate a base rate proceeding. see item 1. business - fpl - fpl regulation - fpl electric rate regulation - base rates for additional information on the 2016 rate agreement and details of fpl's formal notification.
the increase in retail base revenues in 2020 primarily reflects additional revenues of approximately $64 million related to retail base rate adjustments associated with the addition of new solar generation and the okeechobee clean energy center which achieved commercial operation at the end of the first quarter of 2019. in 2020, retail base revenues were also impacted by an increase of 1.5% in the average number of customer accounts. although the weather in 2020 was favorable when compared to 2019, usage per retail customer remained flat. see note 1 - rate regulation.
cost recovery clauses revenues from fuel and other cost recovery clauses and pass-through costs, such as franchise fees, revenue taxes and storm-related surcharges, are largely a pass-through of costs. such revenues also include a return on investment allowed to be recovered through the cost recovery clauses on certain assets, primarily related to certain solar and environmental projects and the unamortized balance of the regulatory asset associated with fpl's acquisition of certain generation facilities. see item 1. business - fpl - fpl regulation - fpl electric rate regulation - cost recovery clauses. underrecovery or overrecovery of cost recovery clause and other pass-through costs (deferred clause and franchise expenses and revenues) can significantly affect nee's and fpl's operating cash flows. the 2020 net underrecovery impacting nee's and fpl's operating cash flows was approximately $110 million.
fuel cost recovery revenues decreased in 2020 primarily as a result of lower fuel and energy prices, including the flow back of lower expected fuel costs to retail customers. storm-related revenues decreased in 2020 primarily as a result of the conclusion of the storm-recovery bond surcharge in the third quarter of 2019.
in 2020 and 2019, cost recovery clauses contributed approximately $111 million and $117 million, respectively, to fpl's net income.
other items impacting fpl's consolidated statements of income fuel, purchase power and interchange expense fuel, purchased power and interchange expense decreased $640 million in 2020 primarily related to lower fuel and energy prices.
depreciation and amortization expense the major components of fpl's depreciation and amortization expense are as follows:
years ended december 31,
2020                                                                                                                                                    2019
(millions)
reserve reversal recorded under the 2016 rate agreement                                                                                       $1                            $357
other depreciation and amortization recovered under base rates (excluding reserve amortization) and other                                  2,017                           1,876
depreciation and amortization primarily recovered under cost recovery clauses and securitized storm-recovery cost amortization               228        291
total                                                                                                                                     $2,246                          $2,524
depreciation expense decreased $278 million during 2020 primarily reflecting a lower reversal of reserve amortization in 2020 compared to 2019 and lower storm-recovery cost amortization primarily as a result of the final payment of the storm-recovery bonds in the third quarter of 2019. the decreases in depreciation and amortization expense during 2020 were partly offset by increased depreciation related to higher plant in service balances. reserve amortization, or reversal of such amortization, reflects adjustments to accrued asset removal costs provided under the 2016 rate agreement in order to achieve the targeted regulatory roe. reserve amortization is recorded as a reduction to (or when reversed as an increase to) accrued asset removal costs which is reflected in noncurrent regulatory liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. at december 31, 2020, approximately $894 million remains in accrued asset removal costs related to reserve amortization.
income taxes during 2020, income taxes increased $169 million, primarily related to the absence of a 2019 income tax adjustment recorded pursuant to the fpsc's order in connection with its review of impacts associated with tax reform, as well as higher income before income taxes in 2020. see note 5.
neer: results of operations neer owns, develops, constructs, manages and operates electric generation facilities in wholesale energy markets primarily in the u.s., as well as in canada. neer also provides full energy and capacity requirements services, engages in power and fuel marketing and trading activities, owns and operates rate-regulated transmission facilities and transmission lines and invests in natural gas, natural gas liquids and oil production and pipeline infrastructure assets. neer's net income less net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests for 2020 and 2019 was $531 million and $1,807 million, respectively, resulting in a decrease in 2020 of $1,276 million. the primary drivers, on an after-tax basis, of the change are in the following table.
increase (decrease)
from prior period year ended december 31, 2020
(millions)
new investments(a)                                                                                                                    $143
existing generation assets(a)                                                                                                           65
gas infrastructure(a)                                                                                                                  (6)
customer supply and proprietary power and gas trading(b)                                                                                 3
neet(b)                                                                                                                                 47
asset sales/abandonment                                                                                                                 37
interest and other general and administrative expenses(c)                                                                             (34)
other, including other investment income and income taxes                                                                                8
change in non-qualifying hedge activity(d)                                                                                           (376)
change in unrealized gains/losses on equity securities held in nuclear decommissioning funds and otti, net(d)                         (45)
nep investment gains, net(d)                                                                                                         (190)
disposal of a business(d)                                                                                                              274
acquisition-related(d)                                                                                                                   6
impairment charge related to investment in mountain valley pipeline(d)                                                             (1,208)
decrease in net income less net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests                                                     $(1,276)
______________________
(a)    reflects after-tax project contributions, including the net effect of deferred income taxes and other benefits associated with ptcs and itcs for wind and solar projects, as applicable (see note 1 - income taxes and - sales of differential membership interests and note 5), but excludes allocation of interest expense or corporate general and administrative expenses. results from projects and pipelines are included in new investments during the first twelve months of operation or ownership. project results are included in existing assets and pipeline results are included in gas infrastructure beginning with the thirteenth month of operation or ownership.
(b)    excludes allocation of interest expense and corporate general and administrative expenses.
(c)    includes differential membership interest costs. excludes unrealized mark-to-market gains and losses related to interest rate derivative contracts, which are included in change in non-qualifying hedge activity.
(d)    see overview - adjusted earnings for additional information.
the discussion below describes changes in certain line items set forth in nee's consolidated statements of income as they relate to neer.
operating revenues operating revenues for 2020 decreased $593 million primarily due to:
•the impact of non-qualifying commodity hedges (approximately $244 million of losses during 2020 compared to $342 million of gains for 2019), and
•lower revenues from existing generation assets of $260 million primarily related to lower nuclear revenues, due primarily to the closure of duane arnold in august 2020 and a refueling outage at the seabrook nuclear facility, as well as the sale of the spain projects, partly offset by,
•revenues from new investments of $145 million, and
•higher revenues of $129 million from neet primarily related to the acquisition of trans bay in 2019.
operating expenses - net operating expenses - net for 2020 increased $88 million primarily due to increases of $156 million in o&m expenses primarily associated with new investments and acquisitions, partly offset by lower fuel costs of $89 million.
gains on disposal of businesses/assets - net in 2020, gains on disposal of businesses/assets - net primarily related to the sale of the spain projects in the first quarter of 2020; in 2019, the amount was primarily related to the sale of ownership interests in wind and solar projects to nep. see note 1 - disposal of businesses/assets.
interest expense neer's interest expense for 2020 decreased $214 million primarily reflecting lower losses of approximately $99 million related to changes in the fair value of interest rate derivative instruments as compared to 2019, as well as lower interest rates in 2020, partly offset by higher average debt balances.
equity in earnings (losses) of equity method investees neer recognized $1.4 billion of equity in losses of equity method investees in 2020 compared to $67 million of equity in earnings of equity method investees for the prior year period. the change for 2020 primarily reflects an impairment charge related to the investment in mountain valley pipeline of approximately $1.5 billion. see note 4 - nonrecurring fair value measurements.
tax credits, benefits and expenses ptcs from wind projects and itcs from solar and certain wind projects are reflected in neer's earnings. a portion of the ptcs and itcs have been allocated to investors in connection with sales of differential membership interests. ptcs are recognized as wind energy is generated and sold based on a per kwh rate prescribed in applicable federal and state statutes. reflected in income taxes in nee's consolidated statements of income are ptcs totaling approximately $150 million and $75 million and itcs totaling approximately $133 million and $199 million in 2020 and 2019, respectively. see note 1 - income taxes for a discussion of ptcs and itcs and note 5.
gulf power: results of operations gulf power's net income increased $58 million in 2020. during 2020, operating revenues decreased $89 million primarily related to lower fuel revenues. operating expenses - net decreased $135 million in 2020 primarily related to decreases in fuel, purchased power and interchange expense and o&m expenses, as well as the absence of 2019 acquisition-related costs, partly offset by higher depreciation and amortization as a result of increased investments in plant in service and other property.
in september 2020, gulf power's service area was impacted by hurricane sally and gulf power recorded estimated recoverable storm restoration costs of approximately $206 million. see note 1 - storm funds, storm reserves and storm cost recovery.
corporate and other: results of operations corporate and other is primarily comprised of the operating results of other business activities, as well as corporate interest income and expenses. corporate and other allocates a portion of neech's corporate interest expense to neer. interest expense is allocated based on a deemed capital structure of 70% debt and differential membership interests sold by nextera energy resources' subsidiaries.
corporate and other's results increased $52 million during 2020 primarily due to lower net losses of approximately $130 million associated with non-qualifying hedge activity as a result of changes in the fair value of interest rate derivative instruments and the absence of acquisition and integration costs incurred in 2019, partly offset by higher corporate interest and operating expenses.
liquidity and capital resources nee and its subsidiaries require funds to support and grow their businesses. these funds are used for, among other things, working capital, capital expenditures (see note 15 - commitments), investments in or acquisitions of assets and businesses (see note 6), payment of maturing debt and related derivative obligations (see note 13 and note 3) and, from time to time, redemption or repurchase of outstanding debt or equity securities. it is anticipated that these requirements will be satisfied through a combination of cash flows from operations, short- and long-term borrowings, the issuance of short- and long-term debt and, from time to time, equity securities, proceeds from differential membership investors and sales of assets to nep or third parties, consistent with nee's and fpl's objective of maintaining, on a long-term basis, a capital structure that will support a strong investment grade credit rating. nee, fpl and neech rely on access to credit and capital markets as significant sources of liquidity for capital requirements and other operations that are not satisfied by operating cash flows. the inability of nee, fpl and neech to maintain their current credit ratings could affect their ability to raise short- and long-term capital, their cost of capital and the execution of their respective financing strategies, and could require the posting of additional collateral under certain agreements.
in october 2015, nee authorized a program to purchase, from time to time, up to $150 million of common units representing limited partner interests in nep. under the program, purchases may be made in amounts, at prices and at such times as nee or its subsidiaries deem appropriate, all subject to market conditions and other considerations. the purchases may be made in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. any purchases will be made in such quantities, at such prices, in such manner and on such terms and conditions as determined by nee or its subsidiaries in their discretion, based on factors such as market and business conditions, applicable legal requirements and other factors. the common unit purchase program does not require nee to acquire any specific number of common units and may be modified or terminated by nee at any time. the purpose of the program is not to cause nep's common units to be delisted from the new york stock exchange or to cause the common units to be deregistered with the sec. as of december 31, 2020, nee had purchased approximately $36 million of nep common units under this program. at december 31, 2020, nee owned a noncontrolling general partner interest in nep and beneficially owned approximately 58.0% of nep's voting power.
cash flows nee's sources and uses of cash for 2020, 2019 and 2018 were as follows:
years ended december 31,
2020                                                                                                                                                    2019                          2018
(millions)
sources of cash:
cash flows from operating activities                                                                                $7,983                        $8,155                        $6,593
issuances of long-term debt, including premiums and discounts                                                       12,404                        13,905                         4,391
proceeds from differential membership investors                                                                      3,522                         1,604                         1,841
sale of independent power and other investments of neer                                                              1,012                         1,316                         1,693
issuances of common stock/equity units - net                                                                             -                         1,494                           718
net increase in commercial paper and other short-term debt(a)                                                            -                             -                         6,272
non-operating distributions from equity method investees                                                                 -                             -                           637
proceeds from sale of noncontrolling interests                                                                         501                            99                             -
other sources - net                                                                                                     83                           121                            47
total sources of cash                                                                                               25,505                        26,694                        22,192
uses of cash:
capital expenditures, acquisitions, independent power and other investments and nuclear fuel purchases            (14,610)                      (17,462)                      (13,004)
retirements of long-term debt                                                                                      (6,103)                       (5,492)                       (3,102)
net decrease in commercial paper and other short-term debt(a)                                                        (907)                       (4,799)                             -
payments to related parties under a cash sweep and credit support agreement - net                                      (2)                          (54)                          (21)
issuances of common stock/equity units - net                                                                          (92)                             -                             -
dividends                                                                                                          (2,743)                       (2,408)                       (2,101)
other uses - net                                                                                                     (590)                         (628)                         (687)
total uses of cash                                                                                                (25,047)                      (30,843)                      (18,915)
effects of currency translation on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash                                         (20)                             4                           (7)
net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash                                                 $438                      $(4,145)                        $3,270
______________________
(a)    2019 and 2018 amounts primarily relate to the acquisition of gulf power. see note 6 - gulf power company.
nee's primary capital requirements are for expanding and enhancing fpl's and gulf power's electric system and generation facilities to continue to provide reliable service to meet customer electricity demands and for funding neer's investments in independent power and other projects. see note 15 - commitments for estimated capital expenditures in 2021 through 2025. the following table provides a summary of capital investments for 2020, 2019 and 2018.
years ended december 31,
2020                                                                                                                                       2019                        2018
(millions)
fpl:
generation:
new                                                                                                      $1,464                      $1,242                        $976
existing                                                                                                  1,063                       1,215                       1,142
transmission and distribution                                                                             3,150                       2,893                       2,456
nuclear fuel                                                                                                203                         195                         123
general and other                                                                                           651                         550                         334
other, primarily change in accrued property additions and exclusion of afudc - equity                       149                       (340)                         104
total                                                                                                     6,680                       5,755                       5,135
gulf power                                                                                                1,012                         729                           -
neer:
wind                                                                                                      3,359                       1,974                       4,093
solar                                                                                                     1,920                       1,741                         698
battery storage                                                                                             168                          29                          37
nuclear, including nuclear fuel                                                                             125                         179                         233
natural gas pipelines                                                                                       269                         687                         873
other gas infrastructure                                                                                    572                         969                         893
other (2019 primarily related to acquisitions, see note 6)                                                  480                         926                         362
total                                                                                                     6,893                       6,505                       7,189
corporate and other (2019 primarily related to acquisitions, see note 6)                                     25                       4,473                         680
total capital expenditures, independent power and other investments and nuclear fuel purchases          $14,610                     $17,462                     $13,004
.
liquidity at december 31, 2020, nee's total net available liquidity was approximately $10.9 billion. the table below provides the components of fpl's, gulf power's and neech's net available liquidity at december 31, 2020.
gulf                                                     maturity date fpl(a)                power(a)                    neech                    total   fpl                             gulf power                      neech
(millions)
syndicated revolving credit facilities(b)                            $2,913                    $900                    $5,282                   $9,095       2021 - 2025                           2025                2021 - 2025
issued letters of credit                                                (3)                       -                     (484)                    (487)
2,910                     900                     4,798                    8,608
bilateral revolving credit facilities(c)                                680                     100                     2,400                    3,180       2021 - 2022                           2021                2021 - 2023
borrowings                                                                -                       -                         -                        -
680                                                                                             100                     2,400                    3,180
letter of credit facilities(d)                                            -                       -                       950                      950                                                                 2022 - 2023
issued letters of credit                                                  -                       -                     (885)                    (885)
-                       -                        65                       65
subtotal                                                              3,590                   1,000                     7,263                   11,853
cash and cash equivalents                                                20                       5                     1,077                    1,102
commercial paper and other short-term borrowingsoutstanding         (1,526)                   (225)                     (258)                  (2,009)
net available liquidity                                              $2,084                    $780                    $8,082                  $10,946       `
______________________
(a)    see note 6 - merger of fpl and gulf power regarding fpl's assumption of gulf power's revolving credit facilities and debt on january 1, 2021.
(b)    provide for the funding of loans up to the amount of the credit facility and the issuance of letters of credit up to $2,525 million ($575 million for fpl, $75 million for gulf power and $1,875 million for neech). the entire amount of the credit facilities is available for general corporate purposes and to provide additional liquidity in the event of a loss to the companies' or their subsidiaries' operating facilities (including, in the case of fpl, a transmission and distribution property loss). fpl's syndicated revolving credit facilities are also available to support the purchase of $948 million of pollution control, solid waste disposal and industrial development revenue bonds (tax exempt bonds) in the event they are tendered by individual bondholders and not remarketed prior to maturity, as well as, the repayment of approximately $556 million of floating rate notes in the event an individual noteholder requires repayment prior to maturity. gulf power's syndicated revolving credit facilities are also available to support the purchase of approximately $426 million of its tax exempt bonds in the event they are tendered by individual bondholders and not remarketed prior to maturity. approximately $2,314 million of fpl's and $4,062 million of neech's syndicated revolving credit facilities expire in 2025.
(c)    approximately $300 million of neech's bilateral revolving credit facilities is available for costs incurred in connection with the development, construction and operations of wind and solar power generation facilities.
(d)    only available for the issuance of letters of credit.
at december 31, 2020, 73 banks participate in fpl's, gulf power's and neech's revolving credit facilities, with no one bank providing more than 7% of the combined revolving credit facilities. european banks provide approximately 24% of the combined revolving credit facilities. pursuant to a 1998 guarantee agreement, nee guarantees the payment of neech's debt obligations under its revolving credit facilities. in order for fpl, gulf power or neech to borrow or to have letters of credit issued under the terms of their respective revolving credit facilities and, also for neech, its letter of credit facilities, fpl, in the case of fpl, gulf power in the case of gulf power, and nee, in the case of neech, are required, among other things, to maintain a ratio of funded debt to total capitalization that does not exceed a stated ratio. the fpl, gulf power and neech revolving credit facilities also contain default and related acceleration provisions relating to, among other things, failure of fpl, gulf power and nee, as the case may be, to maintain the respective ratio of funded debt to total capitalization at or below the specified ratio. at december 31, 2020, each of nee, gulf power and fpl was in compliance with its required ratio.
capital support guarantees, letters of credit, surety bonds and indemnifications (guarantee arrangements)
certain subsidiaries of nee issue guarantees and obtain letters of credit and surety bonds, as well as provide indemnities, to facilitate commercial transactions with third parties and financings. substantially all of the guarantee arrangements are on behalf of nee's consolidated subsidiaries, as discussed in more detail below. nee is not required to recognize liabilities associated with guarantee arrangements issued on behalf of its consolidated subsidiaries unless it becomes probable that they will be required to perform. at december 31, 2020, nee believes that there is no material exposure related to these guarantee arrangements.
nee subsidiaries issue guarantees related to equity contribution agreements associated with the development, construction and financing of certain power generation facilities, engineering, procurement and construction agreements and equity contributions associated with natural gas pipeline projects under development and construction and a related natural gas transportation agreement. commitments associated with these activities are included in the contracts table in note 15.
in addition, at december 31, 2020, nee subsidiaries had approximately $4.3 billion in guarantees related to obligations under purchased power agreements, nuclear-related activities, payment obligations related to ptcs, as well as other types of contractual obligations (see note 6 - gridliance and note 15 - commitments).
in some instances, subsidiaries of nee elect to issue guarantees instead of posting other forms of collateral required under certain financing arrangements, as well as for other project-level cash management activities. at december 31, 2020, these guarantees totaled approximately $390 million and support, among other things, cash management activities, including those related to debt service and o&m service agreements, as well as other specific project financing requirements.
subsidiaries of nee also issue guarantees to support customer supply and proprietary power and gas trading activities, including the buying and selling of wholesale and retail energy commodities. at december 31, 2020, the estimated mark-to-market exposure (the total amount that these subsidiaries of nee could be required to fund based on energy commodity market prices at december 31, 2020) plus contract settlement net payables, net of collateral posted for obligations under these guarantees totaled approximately $616 million.
at december 31, 2020, subsidiaries of nee also had approximately $1.8 billion of standby letters of credit and approximately $621 million of surety bonds to support certain of the commercial activities discussed above. fpl's and neech's credit facilities are available to support the amount of the standby letters of credit.
in addition, as part of contract negotiations in the normal course of business, certain subsidiaries of nee have agreed and in the future may agree to make payments to compensate or indemnify other parties, including those associated with asset divestitures, for possible unfavorable financial consequences resulting from specified events. the specified events may include, but are not limited to, an adverse judgment in a lawsuit, or the imposition of additional taxes due to a change in tax law or interpretations of the tax law, or the triggering of cash grant recapture provisions under the recovery act. nee is unable to estimate the maximum potential amount of future payments under some of these contracts because events that would obligate them to make payments have not yet occurred or, if any such event has occurred, they have not been notified of its occurrence.
neech, a 100% owned subsidiary of nee, provides funding for, and holds ownership interests in, nee's operating subsidiaries other than fpl. nee has fully and unconditionally guaranteed certain payment obligations of neech, including most of its debt and all of its debentures registered pursuant to the securities act of 1933 and commercial paper issuances, as well as most of its payment guarantees and indemnifications, and neech has guaranteed certain debt and other obligations of subsidiaries within the neer segment. certain guarantee arrangements described above contain requirements for neech and fpl to maintain a specified credit rating. for a discussion of credit rating downgrade triggers, see credit ratings below.
nee fully and unconditionally guarantees neech debentures pursuant to a guarantee agreement, dated as of june 1, 1999 (1999 guarantee) and neech junior subordinated debentures pursuant to an indenture, dated as of september 1, 2006 (2006 guarantee). the 1999 guarantee is an unsecured obligation of nee and ranks equally and ratably with all other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness of nee. the 2006 guarantee is unsecured and subordinate and junior in right of payment to nee senior indebtedness (as defined therein). no payment on those junior subordinated debentures may be made under the 2006 guarantee until all nee senior indebtedness has been paid in full in certain circumstances. nee's and neech's ability to meet their financial obligations are primarily dependent on their subsidiaries' net income, cash flows and their ability to pay upstream dividends or to repay funds to nee and neech. the dividend-paying ability of some of the subsidiaries is limited by contractual restrictions which are contained in outstanding financing agreements.
summarized financial information of nee and neech is as follows:
year ended december 31, 2020
issuer/guarantor combined(a)                    neech consolidated(b)                          nee consolidated(b)
(millions)
operating revenues                                 $(1)                                            $5,093                                            $17,997
operating income (loss)                            $(269)                                          $1,221                                             $5,116
net income (loss)                                  $(500)                                          $(551)                                             $2,369
net income (loss) attributable to nee/neech        $(500)                                          $-                                                 $2,919
december 31, 2020
issuer/guarantor combined(a)                          neech consolidated(b)                    nee consolidated(b)
(millions)
total current assets                $620                                                       $4,571                                  $7,382
total noncurrent assets             $2,069                                                    $52,565                                $120,302
total current liabilities           $4,317                                                     $9,991                                 $15,558
total noncurrent liabilities        $22,854                                                   $31,439                                 $67,197
noncontrolling interests            $-                                                         $8,416                                  $8,416

(a)            excludes intercompany transactions, and investments in, and equity in earnings of, subsidiaries.
(b)            information has been prepared on the same basis of accounting as nee's consolidated financial statements.
shelf registration in july 2018, nee, neech and fpl filed a shelf registration statement with the sec for an unspecified amount of securities, which became effective upon filing. the amount of securities issuable by the companies is established from time to time by their respective boards of directors. securities that may be issued under the registration statement include, depending on the registrant, senior debt securities, subordinated debt securities, junior subordinated debentures, first mortgage bonds, common stock, preferred stock, stock purchase contracts, stock purchase units, warrants and guarantees related to certain of those securities.
credit ratings nee's liquidity, ability to access credit and capital markets, cost of borrowings and collateral posting requirements under certain agreements is dependent on its and its subsidiaries credit ratings. at february 12, 2021, moody's investors service, inc. (moody's), s&p global ratings (s&p) and fitch ratings, inc. (fitch) had assigned the following credit ratings to nee, fpl and neech:
moody's(a)        s&amp;p(a)        fitch(a)
nee:(b)
corporate credit rating                                                                   baa1              a-                a-
fpl:(b)
corporate credit rating                                                                   a1                a                 a first mortgage bonds                                                                      aa2               a+                aa-
senior unsecured notes                                                                    a1                a                 a+
pollution control, solid waste disposal and industrial development revenue bonds(c)       vmig-1/p-1        a-1               f1
commercial paper                                                                          p-1               a-1               f1
neech:(b)
corporate credit rating                                                                   baa1              a-                a-
debentures                                                                                baa1              bbb+              a-
junior subordinated debentures                                                            baa2              bbb               bbb commercial paper                                                                          p-2               a-2               f2
_________________________
(a)    a security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and should be evaluated independently of any other rating. the rating is subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating organization.
(b)    the outlook indicated by each of moody's, s&p and fitch is stable.
(c)    short-term ratings are presented as all bonds outstanding are currently paying a short-term interest rate. at fpl's election, a portion or all of the bonds may be adjusted to a long-term interest rate.
nee and its subsidiaries have no credit rating downgrade triggers that would accelerate the maturity dates of outstanding debt. a change in ratings is not an event of default under applicable debt instruments, and while there are conditions to drawing on the credit facilities noted above, the maintenance of a specific minimum credit rating is not a condition to drawing on these credit facilities.
commitment fees and interest rates on loans under these credit facilities' agreements are tied to credit ratings. a ratings downgrade also could reduce the accessibility and increase the cost of commercial paper and other short-term debt issuances and borrowings and additional or replacement credit facilities. in addition, a ratings downgrade could result in, among other things, the requirement that nee subsidiaries post collateral under certain agreements and guarantee arrangements, including, but not limited to, those related to fuel procurement, power sales and purchases, nuclear decommissioning funding, debt-related reserves and trading activities. fpl's, gulf power's and neech's credit facilities are available to support these potential requirements.
covenants nee's charter does not limit the dividends that may be paid on its common stock. as a practical matter, the ability of nee to pay dividends on its common stock is dependent upon, among other things, dividends paid to it by its subsidiaries. for example, fpl pays dividends to nee in a manner consistent with fpl's long-term targeted capital structure. however, the mortgage securing fpl's first mortgage bonds contains provisions which, under certain conditions, restrict the payment of dividends to nee and the issuance of additional first mortgage bonds. additionally, in some circumstances, the mortgage restricts the amount of retained earnings that fpl can use to pay cash dividends on its common stock. the restricted amount may change based on factors set out in the mortgage. other than this restriction on the payment of common stock dividends, the mortgage does not restrict fpl's use of retained earnings. at december 31, 2020, no retained earnings were restricted by these provisions of the mortgage and, in light of fpl's current financial condition and level of earnings, management does not expect that planned financing activities or dividends would be affected by these limitations.
fpl may issue first mortgage bonds under its mortgage subject to its meeting an adjusted net earnings test set forth in the mortgage, which generally requires adjusted net earnings to be at least twice the annual interest requirements on, or at least 10% of the aggregate principal amount of, fpl's first mortgage bonds including those to be issued and any other non-junior fpl indebtedness. at december 31, 2020, coverage for the 12 months ended december 31, 2020 would have been approximately 8.2 times the annual interest requirements and approximately 3.6 times the aggregate principal requirements. new first mortgage bonds are also limited to an amount equal to the sum of 60% of unfunded property additions after adjustments to offset property retirements, the amount of retired first mortgage bonds or qualified lien bonds and the amount of cash on deposit with the mortgage trustee. at december 31, 2020, fpl could have issued in excess of $25 billion of additional first mortgage bonds based on the unfunded property additions and retired first mortgage bonds. at december 31, 2020, no cash was deposited with the mortgage trustee for these purposes.
in september 2006, nee and neech executed a replacement capital covenant (as amended, september 2006 rcc) in connection with neech's offering of $350 million principal amount of series b enhanced junior subordinated debentures due 2066 (series b junior subordinated debentures). the september 2006 rcc is for the benefit of persons that buy, hold or sell a specified series of long-term indebtedness (covered debt) of neech (other than the series b junior subordinated debentures) or, in certain cases, of nee. neech's 3.625% debentures, series due june 15, 2023 have been designated as the covered debt under the september 2006 rcc. the september 2006 rcc provides that neech may redeem, and nee or neech may purchase, any series b junior subordinated debentures on or before october 1, 2036, only to the extent that the redemption or purchase price does not exceed a specified amount of proceeds from the sale of qualifying securities, subject to certain limitations described in the september 2006 rcc. qualifying securities are securities that have equity-like characteristics that are the same as, or more equity-like than, the series b junior subordinated debentures at the time of redemption or purchase, which are sold within 365 days prior to the date of the redemption or repurchase of the series b junior subordinated debentures.
in june 2007, nee and neech executed a replacement capital covenant (as amended, june 2007 rcc) in connection with neech's offering of $400 million principal amount of its series c junior subordinated debentures due 2067 (series c junior subordinated debentures). the june 2007 rcc is for the benefit of persons that buy, hold or sell a specified series of covered debt of neech (other than the series c junior subordinated debentures) or, in certain cases, of nee. neech's 3.625% debentures, series due june 15, 2023 have been designated as the covered debt under the june 2007 rcc. the june 2007 rcc provides that neech may redeem or purchase, or satisfy, discharge or defease (collectively, defease), and nee and any majority-owned subsidiary of nee or neech may purchase, any series c junior subordinated debentures on or before june 15, 2037, only to the extent that the principal amount defeased or the applicable redemption or purchase price does not exceed a specified amount raised from the issuance, during the 365 days prior to the date of that redemption, purchase or defeasance, of qualifying securities that have equity-like characteristics that are the same as, or more equity-like than, the applicable characteristics of the series c junior subordinated debentures at the time of redemption, purchase or defeasance, subject to certain limitations described in the june 2007 rcc.
new accounting rules and interpretations reference rate reform - in march 2020, the fasb issued an accounting standards update which provides certain options to apply gaap guidance on contract modifications and hedge accounting as companies transition from the london inter-bank offered rate and other interbank offered rates to alternative reference rates. see note 1 - reference rate reform.
critical accounting policies and estimates nee's significant accounting policies are described in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, which were prepared under gaap. critical accounting policies are those that nee believes are both most important to the portrayal of its financial condition and results of operations, and require complex, subjective judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates and assumptions about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. judgments and uncertainties affecting the application of those policies may result in materially different amounts being reported under different conditions or using different assumptions.
nee considers the following policies to be the most critical in understanding the judgments that are involved in preparing its consolidated financial statements:
accounting for derivatives and hedging activities nee uses derivative instruments (primarily swaps, options, futures and forwards) to manage the physical and financial risks inherent in the purchase and sale of fuel and electricity, as well as interest rate and foreign currency exchange rate risk associated primarily with outstanding and expected future debt issuances and borrowings. in addition, nee, through neer, uses derivatives to optimize the value of its power generation and gas infrastructure assets and engages in power and fuel marketing and trading activities to take advantage of expected future favorable price movements.
nature of accounting estimates accounting pronouncements require the use of fair value accounting if certain conditions are met, which may require significant judgment to measure the fair value of assets and liabilities. this applies not only to traditional financial derivative instruments, but to any contract having the accounting characteristics of a derivative. as a result, significant judgment must be used in applying derivatives accounting guidance to contracts. in the event changes in interpretation occur, it is possible that contracts that currently are excluded from derivatives accounting rules would have to be recorded on the balance sheet at fair value, with changes in the fair value recorded in the statement of income.
assumptions and accounting approach derivative instruments, when required to be marked to market, are recorded on the balance sheet at fair value using a combination of market and income approaches. fair values for some of the longer-term contracts where liquid markets are not available are derived through the use of industry-standard valuation techniques, such as internally developed models which estimate the fair value of a contract by calculating the present value of the difference between the contract price and the forward prices. forward prices represent the price at which a buyer or seller could contract today to purchase or sell a commodity at a future date. the near-term forward market for electricity is generally liquid and therefore the prices in the early years of the forward curves reflect observable market quotes. however, in the later years, the market is much less liquid and forward price curves must be developed using factors including the forward prices for the commodities used as fuel to generate electricity, the expected system heat rate (which measures the efficiency of power plants in converting fuel to electricity) in the region where the purchase or sale takes place, and a fundamental forecast of expected spot prices based on modeled supply and demand in the region. nee estimates the fair value of interest rate and foreign currency derivatives using an income approach based on a discounted cash flows valuation technique utilizing the net amount of estimated future cash inflows and outflows related to the derivative agreements. the assumptions in these models are critical since any changes therein could have a significant impact on the fair value of the derivative.
at fpl, substantially all changes in the fair value of energy derivative transactions are deferred as a regulatory asset or liability until the contracts are settled, and, upon settlement, any gains or losses are passed through the fuel clause. see note 3.
in nee's non-rate regulated operations, predominantly nextera energy resources, essentially all changes in the derivatives' fair value for power purchases and sales, fuel sales and trading activities are recognized on a net basis in operating revenues; fuel purchases used in the production of electricity are recognized in fuel, purchased power and interchange expense; and the equity method investees' related activity is recognized in equity in earnings of equity method investees in nee's consolidated statements of income.
for interest rate and foreign currency derivative instruments, all changes in the derivatives' fair value are recognized in interest expense and the equity method investees' related activity is recognized in equity in earnings of equity method investees in nee's consolidated statements of income. nee estimates the fair value of these derivatives using an income approach based on a discounted cash flows valuation technique utilizing observable inputs.
certain derivative transactions at neer are entered into as economic hedges but the transactions do not meet the requirements for hedge accounting, hedge accounting treatment is not elected or hedge accounting has been discontinued. changes in the fair value of those transactions are marked to market and reported in the consolidated statements of income, resulting in earnings volatility. these changes in fair value are reflected in the non-qualifying hedge category in computing adjusted earnings and could be significant to neer's results because the economic offset to the positions are not marked to market. as a consequence, nee's net income reflects only the movement in one part of economically-linked transactions. for example, a gain (loss) in the non-qualifying hedge category for certain energy derivatives is offset by decreases (increases) in the fair value of related physical asset positions in the portfolio or contracts, which are not marked to market under gaap. for this reason, nee's management views results expressed excluding the unrealized mark-to-market impact of the non-qualifying hedges as a meaningful measure of current period performance. for additional information regarding derivative instruments, see note 3, overview and energy marketing and trading and market risk sensitivity.
accounting for pension benefits nee sponsors a qualified noncontributory defined benefit pension plan for substantially all employees of nee and its subsidiaries. management believes that, based on actuarial assumptions and the well-funded status of the pension plan, nee will not be required to make any cash contributions to the qualified pension plan in the near future. the qualified pension plan has a fully funded trust dedicated to providing benefits under the plan. nee allocates net periodic income associated with the pension plan to its subsidiaries annually using specific criteria.
nature of accounting estimates for the pension plan, the benefit obligation is the actuarial present value, as of the december 31 measurement date, of all benefits attributed by the pension benefit formula to employee service rendered to that date. the amount of benefit to be paid depends on a number of future events incorporated into the pension benefit formula, including an estimate of the average remaining life of employees/survivors as well as the average years of service rendered. the projected benefit obligation is measured based on assumptions concerning future interest rates and future employee compensation levels. nee derives pension income from actuarial calculations based on the plan's provisions and various management assumptions including discount rate, rate of increase in compensation levels and expected long-term rate of return on plan assets.
assumptions and accounting approach accounting guidance requires recognition of the funded status of the pension plan in the balance sheet, with changes in the funded status recognized in other comprehensive income within shareholders' equity in the year in which the changes occur. since nee is the plan sponsor, and its subsidiaries do not have separate rights to the plan assets or direct obligations to their employees, this accounting guidance is reflected at nee and not allocated to the subsidiaries. the portion of previously unrecognized actuarial gains and losses and prior service costs or credits that are estimated to be allocable to fpl as net periodic (income) cost in future periods and that otherwise would be recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income are classified as regulatory assets and liabilities at nee in accordance with regulatory treatment.
net periodic pension income is calculated using a number of actuarial assumptions. those assumptions for the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018 include:
2020                                                                                                 2019               2018
discount rate                                                                 3.22   %           4.26   %           3.59   %
salary increase                                                               4.40   %           4.40   %           4.10   %
expected long-term rate of return, net of investment management fees          7.35   %           7.35   %           7.35   %
weighted-average interest crediting rate                                      3.83   %           3.88   %           3.94   %
in developing these assumptions, nee evaluated input, including other qualitative and quantitative factors, from its actuaries and consultants, as well as information available in the marketplace. in addition, for the expected long-term rate of return on pension plan assets, nee considered different models, capital market return assumptions and historical returns for a portfolio with an equity/bond asset mix similar to its pension fund, as well as its pension fund's historical compounded returns. nee believes that 7.35% is a reasonable long-term rate of return, net of investment management fees, on its pension plan assets. nee will continue to evaluate all of its actuarial assumptions, including its expected rate of return, at least annually, and will adjust them as appropriate.
nee utilizes in its determination of pension income a market-related valuation of plan assets. this market-related valuation reduces year-to-year volatility and recognizes investment gains or losses over a five-year period following the year in which they occur. investment gains or losses for this purpose are the difference between the expected return calculated using the market-related value of plan assets and the actual return realized on those plan assets. since the market-related value of plan assets recognizes gains or losses over a five-year period, the future value of plan assets will be affected as previously deferred gains or losses are recognized. such gains and losses together with other differences between actual results and the estimates used in the actuarial valuations are deferred and recognized in determining pension income only to the extent they exceed 10% of the greater of projected benefit obligations or the market-related value of plan assets.
the following table illustrates the effect on net periodic pension income of changing the critical actuarial assumptions discussed above, while holding all other assumptions constant:
increase (decrease) in 2020
net periodic pension income change in   nee                                 fpl assumption
(millions)
expected long-term rate of return                  (0.5)%   $(22)                               $(13)
discount rate                                        0.5%   $13                                 $8
salary increase                                      0.5%   $(4)                                $(3)
nee also utilizes actuarial assumptions about mortality to help estimate obligations of the pension plan. nee has adopted the latest revised mortality tables and mortality improvement scales released by the society of actuaries, which did not have a material impact on the pension plan's obligation.
see note 12.
carrying value of long-lived assets nee evaluates long-lived assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable.
nature of accounting estimates the amount of future net cash flows, the timing of the cash flows and the determination of an appropriate interest rate all involve estimates and judgments about future events. in particular, the aggregate amount of cash flows determines whether an impairment exists, and the timing of the cash flows is critical in determining fair value. because each assessment is based on the facts and circumstances associated with each long-lived asset, the effects of changes in assumptions cannot be generalized.
assumptions and accounting approach an impairment loss is required to be recognized if the carrying value of the asset exceeds the undiscounted future net cash flows associated with that asset. the impairment loss to be recognized is the amount by which the carrying value of the long-lived asset exceeds the asset's fair value. in most instances, the fair value is determined by discounting estimated future cash flows using an appropriate interest rate.
carrying value of equity method investments nee evaluates its equity method investments for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the fair value of the investment is less than the carrying value and the investment may be other-than-temporarily impaired.
nature of accounting estimates indicators of a potential impairment include, but are not limited to, a series of operating losses of an investee, the absence of an ability to recover the carrying amount of the investment, the inability of the investee to sustain an earnings capacity and a current fair value of an investment that may be less than its carrying value. if indicators of impairment exist, an estimate of the investment's fair value will be calculated. approaches for estimating fair value include, among others, an income approach using a probability-weighted discounted cash flows model and a market approach using an earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (ebitda) multiple model. the probability assigned to each scenario as well as the cash flows and ebitda multiple identified are critical in determining fair value.
assumptions and accounting approach an impairment loss is required to be recognized if the impairment is deemed to be other than temporary. assessment of whether an investment is other-than-temporarily impaired involves, among other factors, consideration of the length of time that the fair value is below the carrying value, current expected performance relative to the expected performance when the investment was initially made, performance relative to peers, industry performance relative to the economy, credit rating, regulatory actions and legal and permitting challenges. if management is unable to reasonably assert that an impairment is temporary or believes that there will not be full recovery of the carrying value of its investment, then the impairment is considered to be other than temporary. investments that are other-than-temporarily impaired are written down to their estimated fair value and cannot subsequently be written back up for increases in estimated fair value. impairment losses are recorded in equity in earnings (losses) of equity method investees in nee's consolidated statements of income. see note 4 - nonrecurring fair value measurements.
decommissioning and dismantlement nee accounts for asset retirement obligations and conditional asset retirement obligations (collectively, aros) under accounting guidance that requires a liability for the fair value of an aro to be recognized in the period in which it is incurred if it can be reasonably estimated, with the offsetting associated asset retirement costs capitalized as part of the carrying amount of the long-lived assets. nee's aros relate primarily to decommissioning obligations of fpl's and neer's nuclear units and to obligations for the dismantlement of certain of neer's wind and solar facilities.
nature of accounting estimates the calculation of the future cost of retiring long-lived assets, including nuclear decommissioning and plant dismantlement costs, involves estimating the amount and timing of future expenditures and making judgments concerning whether or not such costs are considered a legal obligation. estimating the amount and timing of future expenditures includes, among other things, making projections of when assets will be retired and ultimately decommissioned and how costs will escalate with inflation. in addition, nee also makes interest rate and rate of return projections on its investments in determining recommended funding requirements for nuclear decommissioning costs. periodically, nee is required to update these estimates and projections which can affect the annual expense amounts recognized, the liabilities recorded and the annual funding requirements for nuclear decommissioning costs. for example, an increase of 0.25% in the assumed escalation rates for nuclear decommissioning costs would increase nee's aros at december 31, 2020 by approximately $128 million.
assumptions and accounting approach fpl - for ratemaking purposes, fpl accrues and funds for nuclear plant decommissioning costs over the expected service life of each unit based on studies that are approved by the fpsc. the most recent studies, filed in 2020, reflect, among other things, the expiration dates of the operating licenses for fpl's nuclear units at the time of the studies. fpl's portion of the future cost of decommissioning its four nuclear units, including spent fuel storage above what is expected to be refunded by the doe under a spent fuel settlement agreement, is estimated to be approximately $7.0 billion, or $2.5 billion expressed in 2020 dollars.
fpl accrues the cost of dismantling its fossil and solar plants over the expected service life of each unit based on studies filed with the fpsc. unlike nuclear decommissioning, dismantlement costs are not funded. the most recent studies became effective january 1, 2017. at december 31, 2020, fpl's portion of the ultimate cost to dismantle its fossil and solar units is approximately $1.2 billion, or $541 million expressed in 2020 dollars. the majority of the dismantlement costs are not reported as aros. fpl accrues for interim removal costs over the life of the related assets based on depreciation studies approved by the fpsc. any differences between the amount of the aro and the amount recorded for ratemaking purposes are reported as a regulatory liability in accordance with regulatory accounting.
the components of fpl's decommissioning of nuclear plants, dismantlement of plants and other accrued asset removal costs are as follows:
nuclear                                     fossil/solar                                  interim removal                                                total decommissioning                                    dismantlement                                  costs and other december 31,                                     december 31,                                     december 31,                                         december 31,
2020                                                                                                   2019                                        2020   2019                                      2020   2019                                        2020   2019
(millions)
aros(a)                                                                                   $1,604                      $2,076                   $194                      $186                     $6                        $6                   $1,804                      $2,268
less capitalized aro asset net of accumulated depreciation                                     -       225                                       26       48                                       1       1                                         27       274
accrued asset removal costs(b)                                                               408       368                                          145   144                                    462       645                                    1,015                       1,157
asset retirement obligation regulatory expense difference(b)                               3,690                       2,904                  (102)                      (72)                    (5)                       (4)                    3,583                       2,828
accrued decommissioning, dismantlement and other accrued asset removal costs(c)           $5,702                      $5,123                   $211                      $210                   $462                      $646                   $6,375                      $5,979
______________________
(a)    see note 11 - asset retirement obligations.
(b)    included in noncurrent regulatory liabilities on nee's and fpl's consolidated balance sheets. see note 1 - rate regulation.
(c)    represents total amount accrued for ratemaking purposes.
neer - neer records liabilities for the present value of its expected nuclear plant decommissioning costs which are determined using various internal and external data and applying a probability percentage to a variety of scenarios regarding the life of the plant and timing of decommissioning. the liabilities are being accreted using the interest method through the date decommissioning activities are expected to be complete. at december 31, 2020 and 2019, the aros for decommissioning of neer's nuclear plants approximated $637 million and $623 million, respectively. neer's portion of the ultimate cost of decommissioning its nuclear plants, including costs associated with spent fuel storage above what is expected to be refunded by the doe under a spent fuel settlement agreement, is estimated to be approximately $9.5 billion, or $2.1 billion expressed in 2020 dollars.
see note 1 - asset retirement obligations and - decommissioning of nuclear plants, dismantlement of plants and other accrued asset removal costs and note 11.
regulatory accounting certain of nee's businesses are subject to rate regulation which results in the recording of regulatory assets and liabilities. see note 1 - rate regulation for details regarding nee's regulatory assets and liabilities.
nature of accounting estimates regulatory assets and liabilities represent probable future revenues that will be recovered from or refunded to customers through the ratemaking process. regulatory assets and liabilities are included in rate base or otherwise earn (pay) a return on investment during the recovery period.
assumptions and accounting approach accounting guidance allows regulators to create assets and impose liabilities that would not be recorded by non-rate regulated entities. if nee's rate-regulated entities, primarily fpl, were no longer subject to cost-based rate regulation, the existing regulatory assets and liabilities would be written off unless regulators specify an alternative means of recovery or refund. in addition, the regulators, including the fpsc for fpl, have the authority to disallow recovery of costs that they consider excessive or imprudently incurred. such costs may include, among others, fuel and o&m expenses, the cost of replacing power lost when fossil and nuclear units are unavailable, storm restoration costs and costs associated with the construction or acquisition of new facilities. the continued applicability of regulatory accounting is assessed at each reporting period.
energy marketing and trading and market risk sensitivity nee and fpl are exposed to risks associated with adverse changes in commodity prices, interest rates and equity prices. financial instruments and positions affecting the financial statements of nee and fpl described below are held primarily for purposes other than trading. market risk is measured as the potential loss in fair value resulting from hypothetical reasonably possible changes in commodity prices, interest rates or equity prices over the next year. management has established risk management policies to monitor and manage such market risks, as well as credit risks.
50
commodity price risk nee and fpl use derivative instruments (primarily swaps, options, futures and forwards) to manage the physical and financial risks inherent in the purchase and sale of fuel and electricity. in addition, nee, through neer, uses derivatives to optimize the value of its power generation and gas infrastructure assets and engages in power and fuel marketing and trading activities to take advantage of expected future favorable price movements. see critical accounting policies and estimates - accounting for derivatives and hedging activities and note 3.
during 2019 and 2020, the changes in the fair value of nee's consolidated subsidiaries' energy contract derivative instruments were as follows:
hedges on owned assets trading                          non-                   fpl cost               gulf power                          nee total qualifying                   recovery               cost recovery clauses               clauses
(millions)
fair value of contracts outstanding at december 31, 2018                                     $593                         $794                       $(41)                    $-                               $1,346
reclassification to realized at settlement of contracts                                     (215)                        (154)                          30        7                                             (332)
value of contracts acquired                                                                    28                            9                           -                    (6)                                  31
net option premium purchases (issuances)                                                       43                            5                           -                    -                                    48
changes in fair value excluding reclassification to realized                                  202                          555                           1                    (2)                                 756
fair value of contracts outstanding at december 31, 2019                                      651                        1,209                        (10)                    (1)                               1,849
reclassification to realized at settlement of contracts                                     (329)                        (253)                          11        1                                             (570)
value of contracts acquired                                                                    91                         (36)                           -                    -                                    55
net option premium purchases (issuances)                                                       10                            4                           -                    -                                    14
changes in fair value excluding reclassification to realized                                  283                           72                         (1)                    -                                   354
fair value of contracts outstanding at december 31, 2020                                      706                          996                           -                    -                                 1,702
net margin cash collateral paid (received)                                                                                                                                                                       (48)
total mark-to-market energy contract net assets (liabilities) at december 31, 2020           $706                         $996                          $-                    $-                               $1,654
nee's total mark-to-market energy contract net assets (liabilities) at december 31, 2020 shown above are included on the consolidated balance sheets as follows:
december 31, 2020
(millions)
current derivative assets                                            $567
noncurrent derivative assets                                        1,587
current derivative liabilities                                      (240)
noncurrent derivative liabilities                                   (260)
nee's total mark-to-market energy contract net assets              $1,654
51
the sources of fair value estimates and maturity of energy contract derivative instruments at december 31, 2020 were as follows:
maturity
2021                                                                                      2022                  2023                  2024                  2025                 thereafter                    total
(millions)
trading:
quoted prices in active markets for identical assets           $(195)                   $10                   $29                   $42                    $-                      $-                     $(114)
significant other observable inputs                                11                    18                   (7)                  (27)                    18                    (68)                       (55)
significant unobservable inputs                                   202                    62                    67                    62                    62                     420                        875
total                                                              18                    90                    89                    77                    80                     352                        706
owned assets - non-qualifying:
quoted prices in active markets for identical assets               10                     3                    10                     6                     -                       -                         29
significant other observable inputs                                64                    79                    66                    33                    41                     184                        467
significant unobservable inputs                                    44                    45                    36                    37                    37                     301                        500
total                                                             118                   127                   112                    76                    78                     485                        996
owned assets - fpl cost recovery clauses:
quoted prices in active markets for identical assets                -                     -                     -                     -                     -                       -                          -
significant other observable inputs                                 1                     -                     -                     -                     -                       -                          1
significant unobservable inputs                                     -                   (1)                     -                     -                     -                       -                        (1)
total                                                               1                   (1)                     -                     -                     -                       -                          -
total sources of fair value                                      $137                  $216                  $201                  $153                  $158                    $837                     $1,702
with respect to commodities, nee's exposure management committee (emc), which is comprised of certain members of senior management, and nee's chief executive officer are responsible for the overall approval of market risk management policies and the delegation of approval and authorization levels. the emc and nee's chief executive officer receive periodic updates on market positions and related exposures, credit exposures and overall risk management activities.
nee uses a value-at-risk (var) model to measure commodity price market risk in its trading and mark-to-market portfolios. the var is the estimated loss of market value based on a one-day holding period at a 95% confidence level using historical simulation methodology. the var figures are as follows:
trading                                               non-qualifying hedgesand hedges in fpl cost recovery clauses(a)                                          total fpl                       neer                  nee   fpl                                       neer                                      nee                  fpl                  neer                 nee
(millions)
december 31, 2019                                  $-                      $2                   $2       $-                                        $25                                       $25                  $-                   $26                  $26
december 31, 2020                                  $-                      $3                   $3       $1                                        $                                         $                    $1                   $                    $
average for the year ended december 31, 2020       $-                      $3                   $3       $1                                        $51                                       $51                  $1                   $52                  $52
______________________
(a)    non-qualifying hedges are employed to reduce the market risk exposure to physical assets or contracts which are not marked to market. the var figures for the non-qualifying hedges and hedges in fpl cost recovery clauses category do not represent the economic exposure to commodity price movements.
interest rate risk nee's and fpl's financial results are exposed to risk resulting from changes in interest rates as a result of their respective outstanding and expected future issuances of debt, investments in special use funds and other investments. nee and fpl manage their respective interest rate exposure by monitoring current interest rates, entering into interest rate contracts and using a combination of fixed rate and variable rate debt. interest rate contracts are used to mitigate and adjust interest rate exposure when deemed appropriate based upon market conditions or when required by financing agreements.
52
the following are estimates of the fair value of nee's and fpl's financial instruments that are exposed to interest rate risk:
december 31, 2020                                                   december 31, 2019
carrying                    estimatedfair value(a)                  carrying                    estimatedfair value(a)
amount                                                              amount
(millions)
nee:
fixed income securities:
special use funds                                        $2,134                               $2,134                         $2,099                               $2,099
other investments, primarily debt securities               $247                                 $247                           $181                                 $181
long-term debt, including current portion               $46,082                              $51,525                        $39,667                              $42,928
interest rate contracts - net unrealized losses          $(961)                               $(961)                         $(716)                               $(716)
fpl:
fixed income securities - special use funds              $1,617                               $1,617                         $1,574                               $1,574
long-term debt, including current portion               $15,676                              $19,470                        $14,161                              $16,448
______________________
(a)    see notes 3 and 4.
the special use funds of nee and fpl consist of restricted funds set aside to cover the cost of storm damage for fpl and for the decommissioning of nee's and fpl's nuclear power plants. see note 1 - storm funds, storm reserves and storm cost recovery. a portion of these funds is invested in fixed income debt securities primarily carried at estimated fair value. at fpl, changes in fair value, including any credit losses, result in a corresponding adjustment to the related regulatory asset or liability accounts based on current regulatory treatment. the changes in fair value for nee's non-rate regulated operations result in a corresponding adjustment to other comprehensive income, except for credit losses and unrealized losses on available for sale securities intended or required to be sold prior to recovery of the amortized cost basis, which are reported in current period earnings. because the funds set aside by fpl for storm damage could be needed at any time, the related investments are generally more liquid and, therefore, are less sensitive to changes in interest rates. the nuclear decommissioning funds, in contrast, are generally invested in longer-term securities.
at december 31, 2020, nee had interest rate contracts with a net notional amount of approximately $10.5 billion related to expected future and outstanding debt issuances and borrowings. the net notional amount consists of approximately $10.9 billion to manage exposure to the variability of cash flows associated with expected future and outstanding debt issuances at neech and neer. this is offset by approximately $400 million that effectively convert fixed-rate debt to variable-rate debt instruments at neech. see note 3.
based upon a hypothetical 10% decrease in interest rates, which is a reasonable near-term market change, the fair value of nee's net liabilities would increase by approximately $1,278 million ($541 million for fpl) at december 31, 2020.
equity price risk nee and fpl are exposed to risk resulting from changes in prices for equity securities. for example, nee's nuclear decommissioning reserve funds include marketable equity securities carried at their market value of approximately $4,726 million and $3,963 million ($3,012 million and $2,491 million for fpl) at december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. nee's and fpl's investment strategy for equity securities in their nuclear decommissioning reserve funds emphasizes marketable securities which are broadly diversified. at december 31, 2020, a hypothetical 10% decrease in the prices quoted on stock exchanges, which is a reasonable near-term market change, would result in a $434 million ($277 million for fpl) reduction in fair value. for fpl, a corresponding adjustment would be made to the related regulatory asset or liability accounts based on current regulatory treatment, and for nee's non-rate regulated operations, a corresponding amount would be recorded in change in unrealized gains (losses) on equity securities held in neer's nuclear decommissioning funds - net in nee's consolidated statements of income.
credit risk nee and its subsidiaries, including fpl, are also exposed to credit risk through their energy marketing and trading operations. credit risk is the risk that a financial loss will be incurred if a counterparty to a transaction does not fulfill its financial obligation. nee manages counterparty credit risk for its subsidiaries with energy marketing and trading operations through established policies, including counterparty credit limits, and in some cases credit enhancements, such as cash prepayments, letters of credit, cash and other collateral and guarantees.
credit risk is also managed through the use of master netting agreements. nee's credit department monitors current and forward credit exposure to counterparties and their affiliates, both on an individual and an aggregate basis. for all derivative and contractual transactions, nee's energy marketing and trading operations, which include fpl's energy marketing and trading division, are exposed to losses in the event of nonperformance by counterparties to these transactions. some relevant considerations when assessing nee's energy marketing and trading operations' credit risk exposure include the following:
•operations are primarily concentrated in the energy industry.
•trade receivables and other financial instruments are predominately with energy, utility and financial services related companies, as well as municipalities, cooperatives and other trading companies in the u.s.
•overall credit risk is managed through established credit policies and is overseen by the emc.
•prospective and existing customers are reviewed for creditworthiness based upon established standards, with customers not meeting minimum standards providing various credit enhancements or secured payment terms, such as letters of credit or the posting of margin cash collateral.
•master netting agreements are used to offset cash and noncash gains and losses arising from derivative instruments with the same counterparty. nee's policy is to have master netting agreements in place with significant counterparties.
based on nee's policies and risk exposures related to credit, nee and fpl do not anticipate a material adverse effect on their financial statements as a result of counterparty nonperformance. at december 31, 2020, approximately 83% of nee's and 100% of fpl's energy marketing and trading counterparty credit risk exposure is associated with companies that have investment grade credit ratings.
