item 1a. risk factors nisource inc.
our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those described below, that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and the trading price of our common stock.
operational risks we may not be able to execute our business plan or growth strategy, including utility infrastructure investments.
business or regulatory conditions may result in us not being able to execute our business plan or growth strategy, including identified, planned and other utility infrastructure investments, which includes investments related to natural gas pipeline modernization and investments related to our renewable energy projects and the build-transfer execution goals within our business plan. our "nisource next" initiative, a comprehensive program designed to identify long-term sustainable capability enhancements and cost optimization improvements, may not be effective. our customer and regulatory initiatives may not achieve planned results. utility infrastructure investments may not materialize, may cease to be achievable or economically viable and may not be successfully completed. natural gas may cease to be viewed as an economically and environmentally attractive fuel. environmental activist groups, investors and governmental entities may continue to oppose natural gas delivery and infrastructure investments in the jurisdictions where we operate because of perceived environmental impacts associated with the natural gas supply chain and end use. energy conservation, energy efficiency, distributed generation, energy storage, policies favoring electric heat over gas heat and other factors may reduce demand for natural gas and energy. in addition, we consider acquisitions or dispositions of assets or businesses, joint ventures and mergers from time to time as we execute on our business plan and growth strategy. any of these circumstances could adversely affect our results of operations and growth prospects. even if our business plan and growth strategy are executed, there is still risk of, among other things, human error in maintenance, installation or operations, shortages or delays in obtaining equipment, and performance below expected levels (in addition to the other risks discussed in this section).
our gas distribution and transmission activities, as well as generation, transmission and distribution of electricity, involve a variety of inherent hazards and operating risks, including potential public safety risks.
our gas distribution and transmission activities, as well as generation, transmission, and distribution of electricity, involve a variety of inherent hazards and operating risks, including, but not limited to, gas leaks and over-pressurization, downed power lines, excavation or vehicular damage to our infrastructure, outages, environmental spills, mechanical problems and other incidents, which could cause substantial financial losses, as demonstrated in part by the greater lawrence incident. in addition, these hazards and risks have resulted and may in the future result in serious injury or loss of life to employees and/or the general public, significant damage to property, environmental pollution, impairment of our operations, adverse regulatory rulings and reputational harm, which in turn could lead to substantial losses for us. the location of pipeline facilities, including regulator stations, liquefied natural gas and underground storage, or generation, transmission, substation and distribution facilities near populated areas, including residential areas, commercial business centers and industrial sites, could increase the level of damages resulting from such incidents. as with the greater lawrence incident, certain incidents have subjected and may in the future subject us to litigation or administrative or other legal proceedings from time to time, both civil and criminal, which could result in substantial monetary judgments, fines, or penalties against us, be resolved on unfavorable terms, and require us to incur significant operational expenses. the occurrence of incidents has in certain instances adversely affected and could in the future adversely affect our reputation, cash flows, financial position and/or results of operations. we maintain insurance against some, but not all, of these risks and losses.
failure to adapt to advances in technology and manage the related costs could make us less competitive and negatively impact our results of operations and financial condition.
a key element of our business model includes generating power at central station power plants to achieve economies of scale and produce power at a competitive cost. we continue to research, plan for, and implement new technologies that produce reliable, cost-efficient power or reduce power consumption. these technologies include renewable energy, distributed generation, energy storage, and energy efficiency. advances in technology, changes in laws or regulations (including subsidization) and other alternative methods of producing power are reducing the cost of electric generation from these sources to a level that is competitive with most central station power electric production. this could cause power sales to decline and the value of our generating facilities to decline. new technologies may require us to make significant expenditures to remain competitive and may result in the obsolescence of certain operating assets.
our natural gas business model leverages widespread utilization of natural gas for space heating as a core driver of revenues. alternative energy sources, new technologies or alternatives to natural gas space heating, including cold climate heat pumps and/or efficiency of other products, could reduce demand and increase customer attrition, which would impact our ability to recover on our investments in our gas distribution assets.
item 1a. risk factors nisource inc.
in addition, customers are increasingly expecting additional communications, increased access to information, and expanded electronic capabilities regarding their electric and natural gas services, which, in some cases, involves additional investments in technology. we also rely on technology to adequately maintain key business records.
our future success will depend, in part, on our ability to anticipate and successfully adapt to technological changes, to offer services that meet customer demands and evolving industry standards, and to recover all, or a significant portion of, any unrecovered investment in obsolete assets. a failure by us to effectively adapt to changes in technology and manage the related costs could harm our ability to remain competitive in the marketplace for our products, services and processes and could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition.
aging infrastructure may lead to disruptions in operations and increased capital expenditures and maintenance costs, all of which could negatively impact our financial results.
we have risks associated with aging infrastructure, including our electric and gas infrastructure assets. these risks can be driven by threats such as, but not limited to, electrical faults, mechanical failure, internal corrosion, external corrosion, ground movement and stress corrosion and/or cracking. the age of these assets may result in a need for replacement, a higher level of maintenance costs, or unscheduled outages, despite efforts by us to properly maintain or upgrade these assets through inspection, scheduled maintenance and capital investment. in addition, the nature of the information available on aging infrastructure assets, which in some cases is incomplete, may make inspections, maintenance, upgrading and replacement of the assets particularly challenging. missing or incorrect infrastructure data may lead to (1) difficulty properly locating facilities, which can result in excavator damage and operational or emergency response issues, and (2) configuration and control risks associated with the modification of system operating pressures in connection with turning off or turning on service to customers, which can result in unintended outages or operating pressures. also, additional maintenance and inspections are required in some instances in order to improve infrastructure information and records and address emerging regulatory or risk management requirements, which increases our costs. the failure to operate these assets as desired could result in interruption of electric service, major component failure at generating facilities and electric substations, gas leaks and other incidents and in our inability to meet firm service obligations, which could adversely impact revenues, and could also result in increased capital expenditures and maintenance costs, which, if not fully recovered from customers, could negatively impact our financial results.
we may be unable to obtain insurance on acceptable terms or at all, and the insurance coverage we do obtain may not provide protection against all significant losses.
our ability to obtain insurance, as well as the cost and coverage of such insurance, are affected by developments affecting our business; international, national, state, or local events; and the financial condition and underwriting considerations of insurers. for example, some insurers are moving away from underwriting certain energy related businesses such as those in the coal industry or those exposed to certain perils such as wildfires as well as gas explosion events or other infrastructure-related risks. the utility insurance market is experiencing a hardening environment due to reductions in commercial suppliers and the capacity they are willing to issue, increases in overall demand for capacity, and a prevalence of severe losses. we have not been able to obtain liability insurance coverage at previously procured limits at rates that are acceptable to us. insurance coverage may not continue to be available at limits, rates or terms acceptable to us. the premiums we pay for our insurance coverage have significantly increased as a result of market conditions and the accumulated loss ratio over the history of our operations, and we expect that they will continue to increase as a result of hardening in market conditions. in addition, our insurance is not sufficient or effective under all circumstances and against all hazards or liabilities to which we are subject. for example, total expenses related to the greater lawrence incident exceeded the total amount of liability coverage available under our policies. certain types of damages, expenses or claimed costs, such as fines and penalties, have been and in the future may be excluded under the policies. in addition, insurers providing insurance to us may raise defenses to coverage under the terms and conditions of the respective insurance policies that could result in a denial of coverage or limit the amount of insurance proceeds available to us. any losses for which we are not fully insured or that are not covered by insurance at all could materially adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows, and financial position.
the implementation of nipsco's electric generation strategy, including the retirement of its coal generation units, may not achieve intended results.
our plan to replace 80% of our coal generation capacity by mid-2023 and all of our coal generation by the end of 2028 with primarily renewable resources may not progress as anticipated. on october 31, 2018, nipsco submitted its 2018 integrated resource plan with the iurc setting forth its short- and long-term electric generation plans in an effort to maintain affordability while providing reliable, flexible and cleaner sources of power. the integrated resource plan evaluated demand-side and supply-side resource alternatives to meet nipsco customers' future energy requirements over the ensuing 20 years.
item 1a. risk factors nisource inc.
the preferred option within the integrated resource plan retires the r.m. schahfer generating station by mid-2023 and the michigan city generating station by the end of 2028. these stations represent 2,080 mw of generating capacity, equal to 72% of nipsco's remaining generating capacity and 100% of nipsco's remaining coal-fired generating capacity. the current replacement plan includes renewable sources of energy, including wind, solar, and battery storage. in the second quarter of 2020, the miso approved nipsco's plan to retire the r.m. schahfer generating station in 2023. in february 2021, nipsco decided to submit modified attachment y notices to miso requesting accelerated retirement of two of the four units at r.m. schahfer generating station. the two units are now expected to be retired by the end of 2021, with the remaining two units still scheduled to be retired in 2023. refer to note 20- e. "other matters - nipsco 2018 integrated resource plan," in the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
there are inherent risks and uncertainties in executing the integrated resource plan, including changes in market conditions, regulatory approvals, environmental regulations, commodity costs and customer expectations, which may impede nipsco's ability to achieve the intended results. nipsco's future success will depend, in part, on its ability to successfully implement its long-term electric generation plans, to offer services that meet customer demands and evolving industry standards, and to recover all, or a significant portion of, any unrecovered investment in obsolete assets. nipsco's electric generation strategy could require significant future capital expenditures, operating costs and charges to earnings that may negatively impact our financial position, financial results and cash flows. as required by statute, nipsco plans to submit a new integrated resource plan to the iurc by november 1, 2021. this submission will again outline nipsco's short and long term plans for meeting the energy supply needs of its customers, taking into account current perspectives on a range of factors including, but not limited to, new state and federal policy, wholesale market rules, forecasted customer demand, and available resource alternatives.the analysis, conclusions and preferred plan in the 2021 integrated resource plan may be different from the analysis, conclusions and preferred plan in the 2018 integrated resource plan.
our capital projects and programs subject us to construction risks and natural gas costs and supply risks, and are subject to regulatory oversight, including requirements for permits, approvals and certificates from various governmental agencies.
our business requires substantial capital expenditures for investments in, among other things, capital improvements to our electric generating facilities, electric and natural gas distribution infrastructure, natural gas storage, and other projects, including projects for environmental compliance. we are engaged in intrastate natural gas pipeline modernization programs to maintain system integrity and enhance service reliability and flexibility. nipsco also is currently engaged in a number of capital projects, including environmental improvements to its electric generating stations, the construction of new transmission facilities, and new projects related to renewable energy. as we undertake these projects and programs, we may be unable to complete them on schedule or at the anticipated costs. additionally, we may construct or purchase some of these projects and programs to capture anticipated future growth in natural gas production, which may not materialize, and may cause the construction to occur over an extended period of time.
our existing and planned capital projects require numerous permits, approvals and certificates from federal, state, and local governmental agencies. if there is a delay in obtaining any required regulatory approvals or if we fail to obtain or maintain any required approvals or to comply with any applicable laws or regulations, we may not be able to construct or operate our facilities, we may be forced to incur additional costs, or we may be unable to recover any or all amounts invested in a project. we also may not receive the anticipated increases in revenue and cash flows resulting from such projects and programs until after their completion. other construction risks include changes in costs of materials, equipment, commodities or labor (including changes to tariffs on materials), delays caused by construction incidents or injuries, work stoppages, shortages in qualified labor, poor initial cost estimates, unforeseen engineering issues, the ability to obtain necessary rights-of-way, easements and transmissions connections and general contractors and subcontractors not performing as required under their contracts.
on may 1, 2020, former president donald trump issued an executive order (the "eo") prohibiting any transaction initiated after that day that (i) involves bulk-power system ("bps") equipment designed, developed, manufactured or supplied by persons owned by, controlled by or subject to the jurisdiction or direction of a foreign adversary and (ii) poses an unacceptable risk to national security. implementing regulations from the u.s. secretary of energy are still pending. the eo also requires the u.s. secretary of energy to review the risk of existing bulk-power system equipment sourced from foreign adversaries and to establish a task force to review and recommend federal procurement policies and procedures consistent with the considerations identified in the eo. on july 8, 2020, the u.s. department of energy issued a request for information ("rfi"), seeking input from industry stakeholders to "understand the energy industry's current practices to identify and mitigate vulnerabilities in the supply chain" for components of bulk-power system equipment. the rfi identifies the following governments as "foreign adversaries": china, cuba, iran, north korea, russia and venezuela. the rfi notes that the u.s. secretary of energy retains item 1a. risk factors nisource inc.
authority to amend this list at any time and such countries have been identified only for the purposes of the eo. pursuant to the eo, on december 17, 2020, the u.s. department of energy issued a prohibition order (the "prohibition order") prohibiting the acquisition, importation, transfer, or installment of specified bps equipment from china that directly serves critical defense facilities. while the implications of the prohibition order are still being assessed, it could impact our procurement processes for bps equipment. in the future, certain bulk-power system equipment owned or operated by nisource could possibly be considered to be sourced from a foreign adversary within the meaning of the eo. these regulations, if implemented, may impact our procurement processes for bulk-power system equipment.
to the extent that delays occur, costs become unrecoverable, or we otherwise become unable to effectively manage and complete our capital projects, our results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition may be adversely affected.
a significant portion of the gas and electricity we sell is used by residential and commercial customers for heating and air conditioning. accordingly, fluctuations in weather, gas and electricity commodity costs and economic conditions impact demand of our customers and our operating results.
energy sales are sensitive to variations in weather. forecasts of energy sales are based on "normal" weather, which represents a long-term historical average. significant variations from normal weather, could have, and have had, a material impact on energy sales. additionally, residential usage, and to some degree commercial usage, is sensitive to fluctuations in commodity costs for gas and electricity, whereby usage declines with increased costs, thus affecting our financial results. lastly, residential and commercial customers' usage is sensitive to economic conditions and factors such as unemployment, consumption and consumer confidence. therefore, prevailing economic conditions affecting the demand of our customers may in turn affect our financial results.
fluctuations in the price of energy commodities or their related transportation costs or an inability to obtain an adequate, reliable and cost-effective fuel supply to meet customer demands may have a negative impact on our financial results.
our current electric generating fleet is dependent on coal and natural gas for fuel, and our gas distribution operations purchase and resell a portion of the natural gas we deliver to our customers. these energy commodities are subject to price fluctuations and fluctuations in associated transportation costs. when appropriate, we use hedging in order to offset fluctuations in commodity supply prices. we rely on regulatory recovery mechanisms in the various jurisdictions in order to fully recover the commodity costs incurred in selling energy to our customers. however, while we have historically been successful in the recovery of costs related to such commodity prices, there can be no assurance that such costs will be fully recovered through rates in a timely manner.
in addition, we depend on electric transmission lines, natural gas pipelines, and other transportation facilities owned and operated by third parties to deliver the electricity and natural gas we sell to wholesale markets, supply natural gas to our gas storage and electric generation facilities, and provide retail energy services to customers. if transportation is disrupted, or if capacity is inadequate, we may be unable to sell and deliver our gas and electric services to some or all of our customers. as a result, we may be required to procure additional or alternative electricity and/or natural gas supplies at then-current market rates, which, if recovery of related costs is disallowed, could have a material adverse effect on our businesses, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations and/or prospects.
failure to attract and retain an appropriately qualified workforce, and maintain good labor relations, could harm our results of operations.
we operate in an industry that requires many of our employees to possess unique technical skill sets. events such as an aging workforce without appropriate replacements, the mismatch of skill sets to future needs, or the unavailability of contract resources may lead to operating challenges or increased costs. these operating challenges include lack of resources, loss of knowledge, and a lengthy time period associated with skill development. in addition, current and prospective employees may determine that they do not wish to work for us due to market, economic, employment and other conditions. failure to hire and retain qualified employees, including the ability to transfer significant internal historical knowledge and expertise to the new employees, may adversely affect our ability to manage and operate our business. if we are unable to successfully attract and retain an appropriately qualified workforce, safety, service reliability, customer satisfaction and our results of operations could be adversely affected.
some of our employees are subject to collective bargaining agreements. our collective bargaining agreements are generally negotiated on an operating company basis. any failure to reach an agreement on new labor contracts or to negotiate these labor contracts might result in strikes, boycotts or other labor disruptions. labor disruptions, strikes or significant negotiated wage item 1a. risk factors nisource inc.
and benefit increases, whether due to union activities, employee turnover or otherwise, could have a material adverse effect on our businesses, results of operations and/or cash flows.
if we cannot effectively manage new initiatives and organizational changes, we will be unable to address the opportunities and challenges presented by our strategy and the business and regulatory environment.
in order to execute on our sustainable growth strategy and enhance our culture of ongoing continuous improvement, we must effectively manage the complexity and frequency of new initiatives and organizational changes. if we are unable to make decisions quickly, assess our opportunities and risks, and implement new governance, managerial and organizational processes as needed to execute our strategy in this increasingly dynamic and competitive business and regulatory environment, our financial condition, results of operations and relationships with our business partners, regulators, customers and stockholders may be negatively impacted.
we outsource certain business functions to third-party suppliers and service providers, and substandard performance by those third parties could harm our business, reputation and results of operations.
utilities rely on extensive networks of business partners and suppliers to support critical enterprise capabilities across their organizations. global metrics indicate that deliveries from suppliers are slowing and that labor shortages are occurring in the energy sector. we outsource certain services to third parties in areas including construction services, information technology, materials, fleet, environmental, operational services and other areas. outsourcing of services to third parties could expose us to inferior service quality or substandard deliverables, which may result in non-compliance (including with applicable legal requirements and industry standards), interruption of service or accidents, or reputational harm, which could negatively impact our results of operations. if any difficulties in the operations of these third-party suppliers and service providers, including their systems, were to occur, they could adversely affect our results of operations, or adversely affect our ability to work with regulators, unions, customers or employees.
a cyber-attack on any of our or certain third-party computer systems upon which we rely may adversely affect our ability to operate and could lead to a loss or misuse of confidential and proprietary information or potential liability.
we are reliant on technology to run our business, which is dependent upon financial and operational computer systems to process critical information necessary to conduct various elements of our business, including the generation, transmission and distribution of electricity; operation of our gas pipeline facilities; and the recording and reporting of commercial and financial transactions to regulators, investors and other stakeholders. in addition to general information and cyber risks that all large corporations face (e.g., malware, unauthorized access attempts, phishing attacks, malicious intent by insiders, third-party software vulnerabilities and inadvertent disclosure of sensitive information), the utility industry faces evolving and increasingly complex cybersecurity risks associated with protecting sensitive and confidential customer and employee information, electric grid infrastructure, and natural gas infrastructure. deployment of new business technologies, along with maintaining legacy technology, represents a large-scale opportunity for attacks on our information systems and confidential customer and employee information, as well as on the integrity of the energy grid and the natural gas infrastructure. increasing large-scale corporate attacks in conjunction with more sophisticated threats continue to challenge power and utility companies. any failure of our computer systems, or those of our customers, suppliers or others with whom we do business, could materially disrupt our ability to operate our business and could result in a financial loss and possibly do harm to our reputation.
additionally, our information systems experience ongoing, often sophisticated, cyber-attacks by a variety of sources, including foreign sources, with the apparent aim to breach our cyber-defenses. although we attempt to maintain adequate defenses to these attacks and work through industry groups and trade associations to identify common threats and assess our countermeasures, a security breach of our information systems, or a security breach of the information systems of our customers, suppliers or others with whom we do business, could (i) impact the reliability of our generation, transmission and distribution systems and potentially negatively impact our compliance with certain mandatory reliability standards, (ii) subject us to reputational and other harm or liabilities associated with theft or inappropriate release of certain types of information such as system operating information or information, personal or otherwise, relating to our customers or employees, (iii) impact our ability to manage our businesses, and/or (iv) subject us to legal and regulatory proceedings and claims from third parties, in addition to remediation costs, any of which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our businesses, cash flows, financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects. although we do maintain cyber insurance, it is possible that such insurance will not adequately cover any losses or liabilities we may incur as a result of a cybersecurity incident.
we are exposed to significant reputational risks, which make us vulnerable to a loss of cost recovery, increased litigation and negative public perception.
item 1a. risk factors nisource inc.
as a utility company, we are subject to adverse publicity focused on the reliability of our services, the speed with which we are able to respond effectively to electric outages, natural gas leaks or events and related accidents and similar interruptions caused by storm damage or other unanticipated events, as well as our own or third parties' actions or failure to act. we are also subject to adverse publicity related to actual or perceived environmental impacts. if customers, legislators, or regulators have or develop a negative opinion of us, this could result in less favorable legislative and regulatory outcomes or increased regulatory oversight, increased litigation and negative public perception. the adverse publicity and investigations we experienced as a result of the greater lawrence incident may have an ongoing negative impact on the public's perception of us. it is difficult to predict the ultimate impact of this adverse publicity. the foregoing may have continuing adverse effects on our business, results of operations, cash flow and financial condition.
the sale of the massachusetts business poses risks and challenges that could negatively impact our business, and we may not realize the expected benefits of the sale of the massachusetts business.
on october 9, 2020, we completed the sale of the massachusetts business to eversource. the sale of the massachusetts business involves separation or carve-out activities and costs and possible disputes with eversource. we have continued financial liabilities with respect to the business conducted by columbia of massachusetts, as we retain responsibility for, and have agreed to indemnify eversource against, certain liabilities. this responsibility includes liabilities for any fines arising out of the greater lawrence incident and liabilities of columbia of massachusetts or its affiliates pursuant to civil claims for injury of persons or damage to property to the extent such injury or damage occurred prior to the closing in connection with the massachusetts business. it may also be difficult to determine whether a claim from a third party is our responsibility, and we may expend substantial resources trying to determine whether we or eversource has responsibility for the claim.
further, the sale of the massachusetts business may result in a dilutive impact to our future earnings if we are unable to offset the loss of revenue associated with the sale, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
the impacts of natural disasters, acts of terrorism, acts of war, civil unrest, cyber-attacks, accidents, public health emergencies or other catastrophic events may disrupt operations and reduce the ability to service customers.
a disruption or failure of natural gas distribution systems, or within electric generation, transmission or distribution systems, in the event of a major hurricane, tornado, terrorist attack, acts of war, civil unrest, cyber-attack (as further detailed above), accident, public health emergency, pandemic, or other catastrophic event could cause delays in completing sales, providing services, or performing other critical functions. we have experienced disruptions in the past from hurricanes and tornadoes and other events of this nature. also, companies in our industry face a heightened risk of exposure to acts of terrorism and vandalism. the occurrence of such events could adversely affect our financial position and results of operations. in accordance with customary industry practice, we maintain insurance against some, but not all, of these risks and losses.
climate change has the potential to affect our business.
our strategy may be impacted by policy and legal, technology, market, and reputational risks and opportunities that are associated with the transition to a lower-carbon economy, as disclosed in other risk factors in this section. in addition, climate change may exacerbate the risks to our physical infrastructure, including heat stresses to power lines, storms that damage infrastructure, lake and sea level changes that affect the manner in which services are currently provided, droughts or other stresses on water used to supply services, and other extreme weather conditions. climate change and the transition to a lower carbon economy have the potential to affect our business by reducing our ability to serve customers, increasing the costs we incur in providing our products and services, impacting the demand for and consumption of our products and services (due to changes in costs, technology, reputation and weather patterns), and affecting the economic health of the regions in which we operate. changes in policy to combat climate change, and technology advancement, each of which can also accelerate the implications of a transition to a lower carbon economy, may materially adversely impact our business, financial position, results of operations, and cash flows.
extreme weather conditions may negatively impact our operations.
we conduct our operations across a wide geographic area subject to varied and potentially extreme weather conditions, which may from time to time persist for sustained periods of time. despite preventative maintenance efforts, persistent weather related stress on our infrastructure may reveal weaknesses in our systems not previously known to us or otherwise present various operational challenges across all business segments. further, adverse weather may affect our ability to conduct operations in a manner that satisfies customer expectations or contractual obligations, including by causing service disruptions.
item 1a. risk factors nisource inc.
financial, economic and market risks we have substantial indebtedness which could adversely affect our financial condition.
our business is capital intensive and we rely significantly on long-term debt to fund a portion of our capital expenditures and repay outstanding debt, and on short-term borrowings to fund a portion of day-to-day business operations. we had total consolidated indebtedness of $9,746.1 million outstanding as of december 31, 2020. our substantial indebtedness could have important consequences. for example, it could:
•limit our ability to borrow additional funds or increase the cost of borrowing additional funds;
•reduce the availability of cash flow from operations to fund working capital, capital expenditures and other general corporate purposes;
•limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in the business and the industries in which we operate;
•lead parties with whom we do business to require additional credit support, such as letters of credit, in order for us to transact such business;
•place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to competitors that are less leveraged;
•increase vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; and
•limit our ability to execute on our growth strategy, which is dependent upon access to capital to fund our substantial infrastructure investment program.
some of our debt obligations contain financial covenants related to debt-to-capital ratios and cross-default provisions. our failure to comply with any of these covenants could result in an event of default, which, if not cured or waived, could result in the acceleration of outstanding debt obligations.
a drop in our credit ratings could adversely impact our cash flows, results of operation, financial condition and liquidity.
the availability and cost of credit for our businesses may be greatly affected by credit ratings. the credit rating agencies periodically review our ratings, taking into account factors such as our capital structure, earnings profile, and, in 2020 and 2021, the impacts of the covid-19 pandemic. we are committed to maintaining investment grade credit ratings; however, there is no assurance we will be able to do so in the future. our credit ratings could be lowered or withdrawn entirely by a rating agency if, in its judgment, the circumstances warrant. any negative rating action could adversely affect our ability to access capital at rates and on terms that are attractive. a negative rating action could also adversely impact our business relationships with suppliers and operating partners, who may be less willing to extend credit or offer us similarly favorable terms as secured in the past under such circumstances.
certain of our subsidiaries have agreements that contain "ratings triggers" that require increased collateral in the form of cash, a letter of credit or other forms of security for new and existing transactions if our credit ratings (including the standalone credit ratings of certain of our subsidiaries) are dropped below investment grade. these agreements are primarily for insurance purposes and for the physical purchase or sale of gas or power. as of december 31, 2020, the collateral requirement that would be required in the event of a downgrade below the ratings trigger levels would amount to approximately $53.9 million. in addition to agreements with ratings triggers, there are other agreements that contain "adequate assurance" or "material adverse change" provisions that could necessitate additional credit support such as letters of credit and cash collateral to transact business.
if our or certain of our subsidiaries' credit ratings were downgraded, especially below investment grade, financing costs and the principal amount of borrowings would likely increase due to the additional risk of our debt and because certain counterparties may require additional credit support as described above. such amounts may be material and could adversely affect our cash flows, results of operations and financial condition. losing investment grade credit ratings may also result in more restrictive covenants and reduced flexibility on repayment terms in debt issuances, lower share price and greater stockholder dilution from common equity issuances, in addition to reputational damage within the investment community.
the novel coronavirus (covid-19) pandemic adversely impacts our business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and cash flows.
item 1a. risk factors nisource inc.
the continued spread of covid-19 has resulted in widespread impacts on the global economy and financial markets and could lead to a prolonged reduction in economic activity, extended disruptions to supply chains and capital markets, and reduced labor availability and productivity. we have experienced lower revenues, higher expenses for personal protective equipment and supplies, and higher bad debt expense as a consequence of the pandemic, which has negatively impacted our results of operations as of december 31, 2020. our future operating results and liquidity may continue to be impacted by the pandemic, but the extent of the impact remains uncertain. such ongoing impact of the pandemic includes, but is not limited to:
•lower revenue and cash flow, resulting from the decrease in commercial and industrial gas and electric demand as businesses comply with operating restrictions and re-opening plans in each state and as businesses experience negative economic impact from the pandemic, potentially offset by higher residential demand;
•lower revenue and cash flow due to the continuing suspension of late payment and reconnection fees in some jurisdictions;
•a decline in revenue due to an increase in customer attrition rates, as well as lower revenue growth if customer additions slow due to a prolonged economic downturn;
•a continued increase in bad debt and a decrease in cash flows resulting from the suspension of shut-offs and the inability of our customers to pay for their gas and electric service due to job loss or other factors, partially offset by regulatory deferral;
•lower revenues on a prolonged basis resulting from higher customer bankruptcies, predominately focused on commercial and industrial customers not able to sustain operations through the broader economic downturn;
•a continued delay in cash flows as customers utilize the more flexible payment plans we offer; and
•an increase in internal labor costs from higher overtime.
we also face the risk of not achieving operational compliance and/or customer requirements because of work restrictions or unavailable employees due to the pandemic. for more information regarding the items above and additional items related to the pandemic that we are evaluating and monitoring, please see our discussion of these topics in part ii., item 7. "management discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - executive summary - introduction - covid-19" in this report and in our future filings with the securities and exchange commission. to the extent the pandemic adversely affects our business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity or cash flows, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risk factors described herein. the degree to which the pandemic will impact us will depend in part on future developments, including the continued severity and duration of the outbreak, actions that may be taken by governmental authorities, and to what extent and when normal economic and operating conditions can resume.
adverse economic and market conditions, including as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, or increases in interest rates could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition and liquidity.
deteriorating, sluggish or volatile economic conditions in our operating jurisdictions could adversely impact our ability to maintain or grow our customer base and collect revenues from customers, which could reduce our revenue or growth rate and increase operating costs. the continued spread of covid-19 has resulted in widespread impacts on the global economy and financial markets and could lead to a prolonged reduction in economic activity, disruptions to supply chains and capital markets, and reduced labor availability and productivity.
in connection with the pandemic, certain state regulatory commissions instituted disconnection moratoriums and the suspension of collection of late payment fees, deposits and reconnection fees, which impacted our ability to pursue our standard credit risk mitigation practices. following the issuance of these moratoriums, certain of our regulated operations have been authorized to record a regulatory asset for bad debt expense above levels currently in rates. while several of these moratoriums remain in place, we have reinstated our common credit mitigation practices where moratoriums have expired. it is possible that such moratoriums will be extended or reinstated as the pandemic continues.
in addition, the pandemic has impacted our physical business operations, resulting in delays in conducting certain residential work and additional costs required to comply with pandemic-related health and safety protocols.
further, we rely on access to the capital markets to finance our liquidity and long-term capital requirements, including expenditures for our utility infrastructure and to comply with future regulatory requirements, to the extent not satisfied by the cash flow generated by our operations. we have historically relied on long-term debt and on the issuance of equity securities to item 1a. risk factors nisource inc.
fund a portion of our capital expenditures and repay outstanding debt, and on short-term borrowings to fund a portion of day-to-day business operations. successful implementation of our long-term business strategies, including capital investment, is dependent upon our ability to access the capital and credit markets, including the banking and commercial paper markets, on competitive terms and rates. an economic downturn or uncertainty, market turmoil, changes in tax policy, challenges faced by financial institutions, changes in our credit ratings, or a change in investor sentiment toward us or the utilities industry generally could adversely affect our ability to raise additional capital or refinance debt. reduced access to capital markets, increased borrowing costs, and/or lower equity valuation levels could reduce future earnings per share and cash flows. refer to note 15, "long-term debt," in the notes to consolidated financial statements for information related to outstanding long-term debt and maturities of that debt. in addition, any rise in interest rates may lead to higher borrowing costs, which may adversely impact reported earnings, cost of capital and capital holdings.
if, in the future, we face limits to the credit and capital markets or experience significant increases in the cost of capital or are unable to access the capital markets, it could limit our ability to implement, or increase the costs of implementing, our business plan, which, in turn, could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows, financial condition and liquidity.
most of our revenues are subject to economic regulation and are exposed to the impact of regulatory rate reviews and proceedings.
most of our revenues are subject to economic regulation at either the federal or state level. as such, the revenues generated by us are subject to regulatory review by the applicable federal or state authority. these rate reviews determine the rates charged to customers and directly impact revenues. our financial results are dependent on frequent regulatory proceedings in order to ensure timely recovery of costs and investments.
the outcomes of these proceedings are uncertain, potentially lengthy and could be influenced by many factors, some of which may be outside of our control, including the cost of providing service, the necessity of expenditures, the quality of service, regulatory interpretations, customer intervention, economic conditions and the political environment. further, the rate orders are subject to appeal, which creates additional uncertainty as to the rates that will ultimately be allowed to be charged for services. the covid-19 pandemic is another factor that will continue to influence the regulatory process, such as the implementation of disconnection moratoriums as discussed above and the risk of not being able to recover costs and/or returns on invested capital through raising rates during a pandemic, which has disproportionately impacted vulnerable customers and communities.
additionally, the costs of complying with current and future changes in environmental and federal pipeline safety laws and regulations are expected to be significant, and their recovery through rates will also be contingent on regulatory approval.
our business operations are subject to economic conditions in certain industries.
business operations throughout our service territories have been and may continue to be adversely affected by economic events at the national and local level where our businesses operate. in particular, sales to large industrial customers, such as those in the steel, oil refining, industrial gas and related industries, are impacted by economic downturns, including the downturn resulting from the covid-19 pandemic; geographic or technological shifts in production or production methods; and consumer demand for environmentally friendly products and practices. the u.s. manufacturing industry continues to adjust to changing market conditions including international competition, increasing costs, and fluctuating demand for its products. in addition, our results of operations are negatively impacted by lower revenues resulting from higher bankruptcies, predominately focused on commercial and industrial customers not able to sustain operations through the economic disruptions related to the pandemic.
we are exposed to risk that customers will not remit payment for delivered energy or services, and that suppliers or counterparties will not perform under various financial or operating agreements.
our extension of credit is governed by a corporate credit risk policy, involves considerable judgment by our employees and is based on an evaluation of a customer or counterparty's financial condition, credit history and other factors. we monitor our credit risk exposure by obtaining credit reports and updated financial information for customers and suppliers, and by evaluating the financial status of our banking partners and other counterparties by reference to market-based metrics such as credit default swap pricing levels, and to traditional credit ratings provided by the major credit rating agencies. adverse economic conditions result in an increase in defaults by customers, suppliers and counterparties. as stated above, in connection with the covid-19 pandemic, certain state regulatory commissions instituted regulatory moratoriums that have impacted our ability to pursue our standard credit risk mitigation practices.
item 1a. risk factors nisource inc.
we are a holding company and are dependent on cash generated by our subsidiaries to meet our debt obligations and pay dividends on our stock.
we are a holding company and conduct our operations primarily through our subsidiaries, which are separate and distinct legal entities. substantially all of our consolidated assets are held by our subsidiaries. accordingly, our ability to meet our debt obligations or pay dividends on our common stock and preferred stock is largely dependent upon cash generated by these subsidiaries. in the event a major subsidiary is not able to pay dividends or transfer cash flows to us, our ability to service our debt obligations or pay dividends could be negatively affected.
capital market performance and other factors may decrease the value of benefit plan assets, which then could require significant additional funding and impact earnings.
the performance of the capital markets affects the value of the assets that are held in trust to satisfy future obligations under defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans. we have significant obligations in these areas and hold significant assets in these trusts as noted in note 12, "pension and other postretirement benefits," in the notes to consolidated financial statements. these assets are subject to market fluctuations and may yield uncertain returns, which fall below our projected rates of return. a decline in the market value of assets may increase the funding requirements of the obligations under the defined benefit pension plan. additionally, changes in interest rates affect the liabilities under these benefit plans; as interest rates decrease, the liabilities increase, which could potentially increase funding requirements. further, the funding requirements of the obligations related to these benefits plans may increase due to changes in governmental regulations and participant demographics, including increased numbers of retirements or longer life expectancy assumptions, as well as voluntary early retirements. in addition, lower asset returns result in increased expenses. ultimately, significant funding requirements and increased pension or other postretirement benefit plan expense could negatively impact our results of operations and financial position.
we have significant goodwill. any future impairments of goodwill could result in a significant charge to earnings in a future period and negatively impact our compliance with certain covenants under financing agreements.
in accordance with gaap, we test goodwill for impairment at least annually and review our definite-lived intangible assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate its fair value might be below its carrying value. goodwill is also tested for impairment when factors, examples of which include reduced cash flow estimates, a sustained decline in stock price or market capitalization below book value, indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable.
a significant charge in the future could impact the capitalization ratio covenant under certain financing agreements. we are subject to a financial covenant under our revolving credit facility, which requires us to maintain a debt to capitalization ratio that does not exceed 70%. as of december 31, 2020, the ratio was 62.5%.
changes in the method for determining libor and the potential replacement of the libor benchmark interest rate could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
some of our indebtedness, including borrowings under our revolving credit agreement, bears interest at a variable rate based on libor. from time to time, we also enter into hedging instruments to manage our exposure to fluctuations in the libor benchmark interest rate. in addition, these hedging instruments, as well as hedging instruments that our subsidiaries use for hedging natural gas price and basis risk, rely on libor-based rates to calculate interest accrued on certain payments that may be required to be made under these agreements, such as late payments or interest accrued if any cash collateral should be held by a counterparty. any changes announced by regulators in the method pursuant to which the libor rates are determined may result in a sudden or prolonged increase or decrease in the reported libor rates. if that were to occur, the level of interest payments we incur may change.
in july 2017, the united kingdom financial conduct authority ("fca"), which regulates libor, announced that the fca intends to stop compelling banks to submit rates for the calculation of libor after 2021. in november 2020, the board of governors of the u.s. federal reserve system, the federal deposit insurance corporation and the office of the u.s. comptroller of the currency collectively issued a statement encouraging banks to stop entering into financial contracts that use libor as a reference rate as soon as possible, and no later than december 31, 2021. it is not possible to predict the effect of these changes, other reforms or the establishment of alternative reference rates in the united kingdom or elsewhere. in the united states, efforts to identify a set of alternative u.s. dollar reference interest rates include proposals by the alternative reference rates committee of the federal reserve board and the federal reserve bank of new york. the alternative reference rates committee has proposed the secured overnight financing rate ("sofr") as its recommended alternative to libor, and the federal reserve bank of new york began publishing sofr rates in april 2018. sofr is intended to be a item 1a. risk factors nisource inc.
broad measure of the cost of borrowing cash overnight that is collateralized by u.s. treasury securities. however, because sofr is a broad u.s. treasury repurchase agreement financing rate that represents overnight secured funding transactions, it differs fundamentally from libor. for example, sofr is a secured overnight rate, while libor is an unsecured rate that represents interbank funding over different maturities. in addition, because sofr is a transaction-based rate, it is backward-looking, whereas libor is forward-looking. because of these and other differences, there is no assurance that sofr will perform in the same way as libor would have performed at any time, and there is no guarantee that it is a comparable substitute for libor.
in addition, although certain of our libor based obligations provide for alternative methods of calculating the interest rate payable on certain of our obligations if libor is not reported, which include, without limitation, requesting certain rates from major reference banks in london or new york, uncertainty as to the extent and manner of future changes may result in interest rates and/or payments that are higher than, lower than or that do not otherwise correlate over time with, the interest rates or payments that would have been made on our obligations if a libor-based rate was available in its current form.
litigation, regulatory and legislative risks the outcome of legal and regulatory proceedings, investigations, inquiries, claims and litigation related to our business operations may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position or liquidity.
we are involved in legal and regulatory proceedings, investigations, inquiries, claims and litigation in connection with our business operations, including those related to the greater lawrence incident, the most significant of which are summarized in note 20, "other commitments and contingencies" in the notes to consolidated financial statements. our insurance does not cover all costs and expenses that we have incurred or that we may incur in the future relating to the greater lawrence incident, and may not fully cover incidents that could occur in the future. due to the inherent uncertainty of the outcomes of such matters, there can be no assurance that the resolution of any particular claim or proceeding would not have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position or liquidity.
the greater lawrence incident has materially adversely affected and may continue to materially adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
in connection with the greater lawrence incident, we have incurred and will incur various costs and expenses. we have been subject to inquiries and investigations by government authorities and regulatory agencies regarding the greater lawrence incident, including the massachusetts dpu and the massachusetts attorney general's office, as further described in note 7, "goodwill and other intangible assets," note 20-c. "legal proceedings," and note 20-e. "other matters" in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
while we have recovered the full amount of our liability insurance coverage available under our policies, total expenses related to the incident have exceeded such amount. expenses in excess of our liability insurance coverage have materially adversely affected and may continue to materially adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial position.
we may also incur additional costs associated with the greater lawrence incident, beyond the amount currently anticipated, including in connection with the u.s. attorney's office investigation as well as civil litigation. further, state or federal legislation may be enacted that would require us to incur additional costs by mandating various changes, including changes to our operating practice standards for natural gas distribution operations and safety. if we are unable to recover the capital cost of the gas pipeline replacement through the pending property insurance litigation related to this matter, or we incur a material amount of other costs, our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.
further, if it is determined in other matters that we did not comply with applicable statutes, regulations or rules in connection with the operations or maintenance of our natural gas system, and we are ordered to pay additional amounts in penalties, or other amounts, our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.
our settlement with the u.s. attorney's office in respect of federal charges in connection with the greater lawrence incident may expose us to further penalties, liabilities and private litigation, and may impact our operations.
on february 26, 2020, the company entered into a dpa and columbia of massachusetts entered into a plea agreement with the u.s. attorney's office to resolve the u.s. attorney's office's investigation relating to the greater lawrence incident, which was subsequently approved by the united states district court for the district of massachusetts (the "court"). see note 20-c. "legal proceedings" in the notes to consolidated financial statements. the agreements impose various compliance and remedial obligations on the company and columbia of massachusetts. failure to comply with the terms of these agreements could result in further enforcement action by the u.s. attorney's office, expose the company and columbia of massachusetts item 1a. risk factors nisource inc.
to penalties, financial or otherwise, and subjects the company to further private litigation, each of which could impact our operations and have a material adverse effect on our business.
our businesses are subject to various laws, regulations and tariffs. we could be materially adversely affected if we fail to comply with such laws, regulations and tariffs or with any changes in or new interpretations of such laws, regulations and tariffs.
our businesses are subject to various laws, regulations and tariffs, including, but not limited to, those relating to natural gas pipeline safety, employee safety, the environment and our energy infrastructure. existing laws, regulations and tariffs may be revised or become subject to new interpretations, and new laws, regulations and tariffs may be adopted or become applicable to us and our operations. in some cases, compliance with new laws, regulations and tariffs increases our costs. if we fail to comply with laws, regulations and tariffs applicable to us or with any changes in or new interpretations of such laws, regulations or tariffs, our financial condition, results of operations, regulatory outcomes and cash flows may be materially adversely affected.
our businesses are regulated under numerous environmental laws. the cost of compliance with these laws, and changes to or additions to, or reinterpretations of the laws, could be significant. liability from the failure to comply with existing or changed laws could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.
our businesses are subject to extensive federal, state and local environmental laws and rules that regulate, among other things, air emissions, water usage and discharges, ghg and waste products such as coal combustion residuals. compliance with these legal obligations require us to make expenditures for installation of pollution control equipment, remediation, environmental monitoring, emissions fees, and permits at many of our facilities. these expenditures are significant, and we expect that they will continue to be significant in the future. furthermore, if we fail to comply with environmental laws and regulations or are found to have caused damage to the environment or persons, that failure or harm may result in the assessment of civil or criminal penalties and damages against us, injunctions to remedy the failure or harm, and the inability to operate facilities as designed.
existing environmental laws and regulations may be revised and new laws and regulations seeking to change environmental regulation of the energy industry may be adopted or become applicable to us, with an increasing focus on both coal and natural gas. revised or additional laws and regulations may result in significant additional expense and operating restrictions on our facilities or increased compliance costs, which may not be fully recoverable from customers through regulated rates and could, therefore, impact our financial position, financial results and cash flow. moreover, such costs could materially affect the continued economic viability of one or more of our facilities.
an area of significant uncertainty and risk are the laws concerning emission of ghg. while we continue to reduce ghg emissions through the retirement of coal-fired electric generation, increased sourcing of renewable energy, and priority pipeline replacement, energy efficiency programs, leak detection and repair, ghg emissions are currently an expected aspect of the electric and natural gas business. revised or additional future ghg legislation and/or regulation related to the generation of electricity or the extraction, production, distribution, transmission, storage and end use of natural gas could materially impact our gas supply, financial position, financial results and cash flows.
even in instances where legal and regulatory requirements are already known or anticipated, the original cost estimates for environmental improvements, remediation of past environmental impact, or pollution reduction strategies and equipment can differ materially from the amount ultimately expended. the actual future expenditures depend on many factors, including the nature and extent of impact, the method of improvement, the cost of raw materials, contractor costs, and requirements established by environmental authorities. changes in costs and the ability to recover under regulatory mechanisms could affect our financial position, financial results and cash flows.
changes in taxation and the ability to quantify such changes as well as challenges to tax positions could adversely affect our financial results.
we are subject to taxation by the various taxing authorities at the federal, state and local levels where we do business. legislation or regulation which could affect our tax burden could be enacted by any of these governmental authorities. for example, the tcja includes numerous provisions that affect businesses, including changes to u.s. corporate tax rates, business-related exclusions, deductions and credits. the outcome of regulatory proceedings regarding the extent to which the effect of a change in corporate tax rate will impact customers and the time period over which the impact will occur could significantly impact future earnings and cash flows. separately, a challenge by a taxing authority, changes in taxing authorities'
item 1a. risk factors nisource inc.
administrative interpretations, decisions, policies and positions, our ability to utilize tax benefits such as carryforwards or tax credits, or a deviation from other tax-related assumptions may cause actual financial results to deviate from previous estimates.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations nisource inc.
index                                                   page executive summary summary of consolidated financial results results and discussion of segment operations gas distribution operations electric operations                                       36
liquidity and capital resources                           40
off balance sheet arrangements                            45
market risk disclosures other information executive summary this management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (management's discussion) analyzes our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows and those of our subsidiaries. it also includes management's analysis of past financial results and certain potential factors that may affect future results, potential future risks and approaches that may be used to manage those risks. see "note regarding forward-looking statements" at the beginning of this report for a list of factors that may cause results to differ materially.
management's discussion is designed to provide an understanding of our operations and financial performance and should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes to consolidated financial statements in this annual report.
we are an energy holding company under the public utility holding company act of 2005 whose subsidiaries are fully regulated natural gas and electric utility companies serving customers in six states. we generate substantially all of our operating income through these rate-regulated businesses, which are summarized for financial reporting purposes into two primary reportable segments: gas distribution operations and electric operations.
refer to the "business" section under item 1 of this annual report and note 24, "segments of business," in the notes to consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our regulated utility business segments.
our goal is to develop strategies that benefit all stakeholders as we (i) address changing customer conservation patterns, (ii) develop more contemporary pricing structures, and (iii) embark on long-term infrastructure investment and safety programs. these strategies focus on improving reliability and safety, enhancing customer service, lowering customer bills and reducing emissions while generating sustainable returns. additionally, we continue to pursue regulatory and legislative initiatives that will allow residential customers not currently on our system to obtain gas service in a cost effective manner. refer also to the electric supply section of our electric operations segment discussion for additional information on our long term electric generation strategy.
columbia of massachusetts asset sale: on february 26, 2020, nisource and columbia of massachusetts entered into an asset purchase agreement with eversource (the "asset purchase agreement"). upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the asset purchase agreement, we sold the massachusetts business to eversource for net proceeds of approximately $1,113 million in cash, subject to adjustment for the final working capital amount. the sale was approved by the massachusetts dpu on october 7, 2020, and closed on october 9, 2020. as a result of the sale, we have transitioned to executing a tsa with eversource. see note 1, "nature of operations and summary of significant accounting policies," in the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
your energy, your future: our plan to replace 80% of our coal generation capacity by the end of 2023 and all of our coal generation by the end of 2028 with primarily renewable resources is well underway. in october 2020, we executed three btas for 900 mw solar nameplate capacity and 135 mw of storage capacity. in december 2020, the formation of the rosewater wind generation joint venture, one of our previously executed btas, was completed, and has begun operation. we executed in december 2020 a ppa for an additional 280 mw of solar nameplate capacity. these projects were selected following a comprehensive review of bids submitted through the rfp process that nipsco underwent in late 2019. the projects complement previously executed btas and ppas with a combined nameplate capacity of 400 mw and 1,300 mw, respectively. for additional information, see note 4 "variable interest entities" and "results and discussion of segment operation - electric operations," in this management's discussion.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
nisource inc.
nisource next: we have launched a comprehensive, multi-year program designed to deliver long-term safety, sustainable capability enhancements and cost optimization improvements. this program will advance the high priority we place on safety and risk mitigation, further enable our safety management system ("sms"), and enhance the customer experience. nisource next is designed to (i) leverage our current scale, (ii) utilize technology, (iii) define clear roles and accountability with our leaders and employees, and (iv) standardize our processes to focus on operational rigor, quality management and continuous improvement. an initial step in this program was the voluntary separation program announced in august 2020, with an expected total severance expense of approximately $38.0 million. the majority of these separation costs will be expensed in 2020 and approximately $21.2 million has been paid as of december 31, 2020. the nisource next initiative, along with the sale of the massachusetts business, is projected to achieve a reduction in ongoing operation and maintenance costs by approximately 8% in 2021 compared to 2020. for additional information, see note 20-e, "other matters," in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
covid-19: the safety of our employees and customers, while providing essential services during the covid-19 pandemic, continues to be a key area of focus. since march 2020, we have taken a proactive, coordinated approach intended to prevent, mitigate and respond to the pandemic, by utilizing our incident command system (ics). the ics includes members of our executive leadership team, a medical review professional, and members of functional teams from across our company. the ics monitors state-by-state conditions and determines steps to conduct our operations safely for employees and customers.
we have implemented procedures designed to protect our employees who work in the field and who continue to work in operational and corporate facilities, including social distancing, wearing face coverings, temperature checks and more frequent cleaning of equipment and facilities. we have also implemented work-from-home policies and practices. we have minimized non-essential work that requires an employee to enter a customer premise and limited company vehicle occupancy to one person, where possible. we continue to employ physical and cybersecurity measures to ensure that our operational and support systems remain functional. our actions to date have mitigated the spread of covid-19 amongst our employees and principal field contractors. we will continue to follow cdc guidance and implement safety measures intended to ensure employee and customer safety during this pandemic. we are following all federal, state and local guidelines related to the covid-19 vaccinations and will encourage employees to receive the vaccine when it is available to them.
since the beginning of the pandemic, we have been helping our customers navigate this challenging time. we suspended disconnections soon after this outbreak began. as of december 2020, suspension of disconnections has been lifted in some, but not all, of our jurisdictions. we plan to continue our payment assistance programs across all of our operating territory to help customers deal with the impact of the pandemic. additionally, we continue to have dialogue with the state regulatory commissions for each of our operating companies regarding the pandemic. regulatory deferrals for certain costs have been allowed by all of our state regulatory commissions. costs approved for deferral vary by state. for information on the state specific suspension of disconnections and covid-19 regulatory filings, see note 9, "regulatory matters," in the notes to consolidated financial statements. the cares act was enacted on march 27, 2020 and provides monetary-relief and financial aid to individuals, business, nonprofits, states and municipalities. the coronavirus relief act was enacted on december 27, 2020 and extended or supplemented many of the programs from the cares act. we are continuing to promote multiple resources available to customers including benefits from the cares act, such as additional funding for both the low-income home energy assistance program and the community services block grant to help support income-qualified customers. we are sharing energy efficiency tips to help customers save energy at home and promoting our budget plan program, which allows customers to pay about the same amount each month.
we have experienced lower revenue, higher expenses for personal protective equipment and supplies, and higher bad debt expense as a consequence of the pandemic, which has negatively impacted our results of operations through december 31, 2020. refer to "results and discussion of segment operation" in this management's discussion for additional segment specific information. we did experience lower cash flows from operations for the year ended december 31, 2020 in comparison to the same period in 2019 due, in part, to slower collections of customer accounts receivable; however, we believe we have sufficient liquidity as a result of the issuance of $1.0 billion notes in april 2020, the remaining cash proceeds received from the sale of the massachusetts business in october 2020, the available capacity under our short-term revolving credit facility and accounts receivable securitization facilities, and our anticipated ability to access capital markets. additionally, in the second quarter of 2020 we reduced our planned 2020 capital investments by $145 million. we did not make any other material changes to our capital construction programs or our renewable generation projects. while we have not experienced any significant issues in our supply chain, we are actively managing the materials, supplies, and contract services for our generation, transmission, distribution, and customer services functions.
refer to part i. item 1a. "risk factors" for additional information related to the ongoing impact of the pandemic.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
nisource inc.
greater lawrence incident: for the year ended december 31, 2020, we have incurred $17 million of third-party claims and other incident-related costs associated with the greater lawrence incident. for additional information, see note 20-c, "legal proceedings" and note 20-e "other matters," in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
we invested approximately $258 million of capital spend for specific pipeline replacement work that was completed in 2019. we maintain property insurance for gas pipelines and other applicable property. in 2019, columbia of massachusetts filed a proof of loss with its property insurer for this pipeline replacement work. in january 2020, we filed a lawsuit against the property insurer, seeking payment of our property claim. we are currently unable to predict the timing or amount of any insurance recovery under the property policy. see note 1, "nature of operations and summary of significant accounting policies," in the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
refer to note 20-c. "legal proceedings" and note 20-e "other matters," in the notes to consolidated financial statements, "summary of consolidated financial results," "results and discussion of segment operation - gas distribution operations," and "liquidity and capital resources" in this management's discussion for additional information related to the greater lawrence incident.
summary of consolidated financial results a summary of our consolidated financial results for the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, are presented below:
year ended december 31, (in millions, except per share amounts)                    2020                         2019                         2018                    2020 vs. 2019                    2019 vs. 2018
operating revenues                                                         $4,681.7                      $5,208.9                     $5,114.5                     $(527.2)                            $94.4
operating expenses cost of energy                                                              1,109.3                       1,534.8                      1,761.3                      (425.5)                          (226.5)
other operating expenses                                                    3,021.6                       2,783.4                      3,228.5                        238.2                          (445.1)
total operating expenses                                                    4,130.9                       4,318.2                      4,989.8                      (187.3)                          (671.6)
operating income                                                              550.8                         890.7                        124.7                      (339.9)                            766.0
total other deductions, net                                                 (582.1)                       (384.1)                      (355.3)                      (198.0)                           (28.8)
income taxes                                                                 (17.1)                         123.5                      (180.0)                      (140.6)                            303.5
net income (loss)                                                            (14.2)                         383.1                       (50.6)                      (397.3)                            433.7
net income attributable to noncontrolling interest                              3.4                             -                            -                          3.4                                -
net income (loss) attributable to nisource                                   (17.6)                         383.1                       (50.6)                      (400.7)                            433.7
preferred dividends                                                          (55.1)                        (55.1)                       (15.0)                            -                           (40.1)
net income (loss) available to common shareholders                           (72.7)                         328.0                       (65.6)                      (400.7)                            393.6
basic earnings (loss) per share                                             $(0.19)                         $0.88                      $(0.18)                      $(1.07)                            $1.06
basic average common shares outstanding                                       384.3                         374.6                        356.5                          9.7                             18.1
the majority of the costs of energy in both segments are tracked costs that are passed through directly to the customer, resulting in an equal and offsetting amount reflected in operating revenues.
on a consolidated basis, we reported a net loss available to common shareholders of $72.7 million or $0.19 per basic share for the twelve months ended december 31, 2020 compared to income to common shareholders of $328.0 million or $0.88 per basic share for the same period in 2019. additionally, we reported operating income of $550.8 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2020 compared to $890.7 million for the same period in 2019. the decrease in both net income available to common shareholders and operating income during 2020 was primarily due to lower operating revenue related to the sale of the massachusetts business, as well as higher operating expenses due to insurance recoveries recorded in 2019, net of third-party claims and other costs, related to the greater lawrence incident. additionally, the decrease to net income available to common shareholders was also impacted by the loss on early extinguishment of debt in 2020 as well as partially offset by a change from income tax expense in 2019 to an income tax benefit in 2020.
other deductions, net other deductions, net reduced income by $582.1 million in 2020 compared to a reduction in income of $384.1 million in 2019. this change is primarily due to the loss on early extinguishment of debt in 2020.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
nisource inc.
income taxes the decrease in income tax expense from 2019 to 2020 is primarily attributable to lower pre-tax income, resulting from the items discussed above in "operating income" and "other deductions, net," state jurisdictional mix of pre-tax loss in 2020 tax effected at statutory tax rates and increased amortization of excess deferred federal income taxes in 2020 compared to 2019. these items are offset by increased deferred tax expense recognized on the sale of the columbia of massachusetts' regulatory liability, established due to tcja in 2017, that would have otherwise been recognized over the amortization period, non-cash impairment of goodwill related to columbia of massachusetts in 2019 (see note 7, "goodwill and other intangible assets" for additional information) and one-time adjustments to deferred tax balances.
refer to note 11, "income taxes," in the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on income taxes and the change in the effective tax rate.
results and discussion of operations presentation of segment information our operations are divided into two primary reportable segments: gas distribution operations and electric operations. the remainder of our operations, which are not significant enough on a stand-alone basis to warrant treatment as an operating segment, are presented as "corporate and other" within the notes to the consolidated financial statements and primarily are comprised of interest expense on holding company debt, and unallocated corporate costs and activities.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
nisource inc.
gas distribution operations financial and operational data for the gas distribution operations segment for the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, are presented below:
year ended december 31, (in millions)                               2020                          2019                          2018                    2020 vs. 2019                    2019 vs. 2018
operating revenues                                          $3,140.1                      $3,522.8                      $3,419.5                      $(382.7)                           $103.3
operating expenses cost of energy                                                 794.2                       1,067.6                       1,259.3                       (273.4)                          (191.7)
operation and maintenance                                    1,138.0                         935.7                       1,908.1                         202.3                          (972.4)
depreciation and amortization                                  363.1                         403.2                         301.0                        (40.1)                            102.2
impairment of intangible assets                                    -                         209.7                             -                       (209.7)                            209.7
loss on sale of fixed assets and impairments, net              412.4                           0.1                           0.2                         412.3                            (0.1)
other taxes                                                    233.3                         231.1                         205.0                           2.2                             26.1
total operating expenses                                     2,941.0                       2,847.4                       3,673.6                          93.6                          (826.2)
operating income (loss)                                       $199.1                        $675.4                      $(254.1)                      $(476.3)                           $929.5
revenues residential                                                 $2,110.6                      $2,317.2                      $2,248.3                      $(206.6)                            $68.9
commercial                                                     679.7                         775.1                         753.7                        (95.4)                             21.4
industrial                                                     213.8                         245.8                         228.6                        (32.0)                             17.2
off-system                                                      41.0                          77.7                          92.4                        (36.7)                           (14.7)
other                                                           95.0                         107.0                          96.5                        (12.0)                             10.5
total                                                       $3,140.1                      $3,522.8                      $3,419.5                      $(382.7)                           $103.3
sales and transportation (mmdth)
residential                                                    249.5                         274.9                         280.3                        (25.4)                            (5.4)
commercial                                                     170.5                         189.6                         187.6                        (19.1)                              2.0
industrial                                                     538.1                         542.5                         555.7                         (4.4)                           (13.2)
off-system                                                      23.3                          32.9                          30.0                         (9.6)                              2.9
other                                                            0.3                           0.3                             -                             -                              0.3
total                                                          981.7                       1,040.2                       1,053.6                        (58.5)                           (13.4)
heating degree days                                            5,097                         5,375                         5,562                         (278)                            (187)
normal heating degree days                                     5,485                         5,452                         5,610                            33                            (158)
% warmer than normal                                             (7)   %                       (1)   %                       (2)   %
gas distribution customers residential                                                2,954,478                     3,221,178                     3,194,662                     (266,700)                           26,516
commercial                                                   253,184                       282,778                       281,517                      (29,594)                            1,261
industrial                                                     4,968                         5,982                         5,833                       (1,014)                              149
other                                                              3                             3                             3                             -                                -
total                                                      3,212,633                     3,509,941                     3,482,015                     (297,308)                           27,926
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
nisource inc.
gas distribution operations (continued)
cost of energy for the gas distribution operations segment is principally comprised of the cost of natural gas used while providing transportation and distribution services to customers. these are tracked costs that are passed through directly to the customer resulting in an equal and offsetting amount reflected in operating revenue. in addition, comparability of operation and maintenance expenses, depreciation and amortization, and other taxes may be impacted by regulatory, depreciation and tax trackers that allow for the recovery in rates of certain costs. therefore, increases in these tracked operating expenses are offset by increases in operating revenues and have essentially no impact on net income.
2020 vs. 2019 operating income for 2020, gas distribution operations reported operating income of $199.1 million, a decrease of $476.3 million from the comparable 2019 period.
operating revenues for 2020 were $3,140.1 million, a decrease of $382.7 million from the same period in 2019. the change in operating revenues was primarily driven by:
•lower cost of energy billed to customers, which is offset in operating expense, of $273.4 million.
•lower revenues due to the sale of the massachusetts business of $102.2 million.
•lower revenues from the effects of warmer weather in 2020 of $47.9 million.
•lower regulatory, depreciation, and tax trackers, which are offset in operating expense, of $20.7 million.
•the effects of decreased commercial and industrial usage and decreased late and disconnection fees, both primarily related to the covid-19 pandemic, of $11.3 million.
partially offset by:
•new rates from base rate proceedings, infrastructure replacement programs and columbia of ohio's cep of $57.1 million.
•the effects of increased residential usage primarily related to the pandemic of $5.0 million.
operating expenses were $93.6 million higher in 2020 compared to 2019. this change was primarily driven by:
•loss on sale of the massachusetts business of $412.4 million.
•insurance recoveries recorded in 2019, net of third party claims and other costs, related to the greater lawrence incident of $243.2 million.
•severance and outside services expense related to nisource next initiative of $32.4 million.
•increased expenses primarily due to the impact of the pandemic related to materials and supplies, outside services, and uncollectible expenses of $23.8 million, offset by $12.0 million of deferral of uncollectible and other expenses, net of benefits, related to the pandemic.
•higher depreciation and amortization and property tax expense primarily due to higher capital expenditures placed in service of $24.3 million partially offset by:
•lower cost of energy billed to customers, which is offset in operating revenue, of $273.4.
•non-cash impairment of the columbia of massachusetts franchise rights of $209.7 million in 2019.
•lower operation and maintenance and depreciation and amortization expenses due to the massachusetts business sale of $98.7 million.
•lower employee and administrative expense of $28.9 million.
•lower regulatory, depreciation, and tax trackers, which are offset in operating revenues, of $20.7 million.
2019 vs. 2018 operating income for 2019, gas distribution operations reported operating income of $675.4 million, an increase of $929.5 million from the comparable 2018 period.
operating revenues for 2019 were $3,522.8 million, an increase of $103.3 million from the same period in 2018. the change in operating revenues was primarily driven by:
•new rates from base rate proceedings and infrastructure replacement programs of $243.2 million.
•higher regulatory, depreciation and tax trackers, which are offset in operating expense, of $36.2 million.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
nisource inc.
gas distribution operations (continued)
•higher revenues of $14.5 million resulting from an update in the weather-related normal heating degree day methodology, partially offset by a $7.1 million revenue decrease from the effects of warmer weather in 2019.
•the effects of commercial and residential customer growth of $12.8 million.
partially offset by:
•lower cost of energy billed to customers, which is offset in operating expenses of $191.7 million.
operating expenses were $826.2 million lower in 2019 compared to 2018. this change was primarily driven by:
•decreased expenses related to third-party claims and other costs for the greater lawrence incident of $1,090.7 million, net of insurance recoveries recorded.
•lower cost of energy billed to customers, which is offset in operating revenues of $191.7 million.
partially offset by:
•non-cash impairment of the columbia of massachusetts franchise rights of $209.7 million.
•increased depreciation of $103.8 million due to the regulatory outcome of nipsco's gas rate case, an increase in amortization of depreciation previously deferred as a regulator asset resulting from columbia of ohio's cep, and higher capital expenditures placed in service.
•higher employee and administrative expenses of $50.2 million driven by resources shifting from the temporary assistance on the greater lawrence incident restoration to normal operations (offset in the decreased greater lawrence incident costs discussed above) and an increase in headcount.
•increased regulatory, depreciation and tax trackers, which are offset in operating revenues, of $36.2 million.
•higher property taxes of $22.2 million primarily due to increased amortization of property taxes previously deferred as a regulatory asset resulting from columbia of ohio's cep, as well as higher capital expenditures placed in service.
•higher outside services of $17.4 million primarily due to increased line location and safety-related work.
weather in general, we calculate the weather-related revenue variance based on changing customer demand driven by weather variance from normal heating degree days, net of weather normalization mechanisms. our composite heating degree days reported do not directly correlate to the weather-related dollar impact on the results of gas distribution operations. heating degree days experienced during different times of the year or in different operating locations may have more or less impact on volume and dollars depending on when and where they occur. when the detailed results are combined for reporting, there may be weather-related dollar impacts on operations when there is not an apparent or significant change in our aggregated composite heating degree day comparison.
the definition of "normal" weather was updated during the first quarter of 2019 to reflect more current weather pattern data and to more closely align with the regulators' jurisdictional definitions of "normal" weather. impacts of the change in methodology will be reflected prospectively and disclosed to the extent it results in notable year-over-year variances in operating revenues.
weather in the gas distribution operations service territories for 2020 was about 7% warmer than normal and about 5% warmer than 2019, leading to decreased operating revenues of $47.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to 2019. the majority of these amounts were driven by nipsco and columbia of pennsylvania.
weather in the gas distribution operations service territories for 2019 was about 1% warmer than normal and about 3% warmer than 2018; however, due to the aforementioned change in methodology, the change in operating revenues attributed to weather resulted in an increase of $7.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to 2018. the variance is detailed further below:
•an update in the weather-related normal heating degree day methodology resulting in a favorable variance attributed to weather of $14.5 million, as discussed above.
offset by:
•the effects of warmer weather in 2019 of $7.1 million.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
nisource inc.
gas distribution operations (continued)
throughput total volumes sold and transported for the year ended december 31, 2020 were 981.7 mmdth, compared to 1,040.2 mmdth for 2019. this decrease is primarily attributable to warmer weather experienced in 2020 compared to 2019, the sale of the massachusetts business and decreased usage by commercial and industrial customers primarily due to the pandemic.
total volumes sold and transported for the year ended december 31, 2019 were 1,040.2 mmdth, compared to 1,053.6 mmdth for 2018. this decrease is primarily attributable to warmer weather experienced in 2019 compared to 2018.
commodity price impact all of our gas distribution operations companies have state-approved recovery mechanisms that provide a means for full recovery of prudently incurred gas costs. gas costs are treated as pass-through costs and have no impact on the operating income recorded in the period. the gas costs included in revenues are matched with the gas cost expense recorded in the period and the difference is recorded on the consolidated balance sheets as under-recovered or over-recovered gas cost to be included in future customer billings.
certain gas distribution operations companies continue to offer choice opportunities, where customers can choose to purchase gas from a third-party supplier, through regulatory initiatives in their respective jurisdictions. these programs serve to further reduce our exposure to gas prices.
greater lawrence incident refer to note 20-c. "legal proceedings," and note 20-e. "other matters," in the notes to consolidated financial statements, "summary of consolidated financial results" and "liquidity and capital resources" in this management's discussion, and part i. item 1a. "risk factors" for additional information related to the greater lawrence incident.
columbia of massachusetts asset sale on february 26, 2020, we entered into the asset purchase agreement with eversource providing for the sale of the massachusetts business to eversource, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the agreement. this sale was completed on october 9, 2020. for additional information, see note 1, "nature of operations and summary of significant accounting policies," in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
nisource inc.
electric operations financial and operational data for the electric operations segment for the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, are presented below:
year ended december 31, (in millions)                               2020                          2019                          2018                    2020 vs. 2019                 2019 vs. 2018
operating revenues                                          $1,536.6                      $1,699.2                      $1,708.2                      $(162.6)                        $(9.0)
operating expenses cost of energy                                                 315.2                         467.3                         502.1                       (152.1)                        (34.8)
operation and maintenance                                      497.6                         495.0                         500.0                           2.6                         (5.0)
depreciation and amortization                                  321.3                         277.3                         262.9                          44.0                          14.4
gain on sale of fixed assets and impairments, net                  -                         (0.1)                             -                           0.1                         (0.1)
other taxes                                                     53.7                          52.9                          57.1                           0.8                         (4.2)
total operating expenses                                     1,187.8                       1,292.4                       1,322.1                       (104.6)                        (29.7)
operating income                                              $348.8                        $406.8                        $386.1                       $(58.0)                         $20.7
revenues residential                                                   $527.8                        $481.6                        $494.7                         $46.2                       $(13.1)
commercial                                                     480.3                         486.7                         492.6                         (6.4)                         (5.9)
industrial                                                     412.9                         608.4                         614.4                       (195.5)                         (6.0)
wholesale                                                       12.3                          11.7                          15.7                           0.6                         (4.0)
other                                                          103.3                         110.8                          90.8                         (7.5)                          20.0
total                                                       $1,536.6                      $1,699.2                      $1,708.2                      $(162.6)                        $(9.0)
sales (gigawatt hours)
residential                                                  3,484.0                       3,369.5                       3,535.2                         114.5                       (165.7)
commercial                                                   3,550.0                       3,760.3                       3,844.6                       (210.3)                        (84.3)
industrial                                                   7,480.3                       8,466.1                       8,829.5                       (985.8)                       (363.4)
wholesale                                                       83.6                           8.2                         114.3                          75.4                       (106.1)
other                                                          106.0                         117.2                         124.4                        (11.2)                         (7.2)
total                                                       14,703.9                      15,721.3                      16,448.0                     (1,017.4)                       (726.7)
cooling degree days                                              900                           962                         1,180                          (62)                         (218)
normal cooling degree days                                       803                           803                           806                             -                           (3)
% warmer than normal                                              12   %                        20   %                        46   %
electric customers residential                                                  418,871                       415,534                       412,267                         3,337                         3,267
commercial                                                    57,435                        57,058                        56,605                           377                           453
industrial                                                     2,154                         2,256                         2,284                         (102)                          (28)
wholesale                                                        722                           726                           735                           (4)                           (9)
other                                                              2                             2                             2                             -                             -
total                                                        479,184                       475,576                       471,893                         3,608                         3,683
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
nisource inc.
electric operations (continued)
cost of energy for the electric operations segment is principally comprised of the cost of coal, related handling costs, natural gas purchased for internal generation of electricity at nipsco, and the cost of power purchased from third-party generators of electricity. the majority of these are tracked costs that are passed through directly to the customer resulting in an equal and offsetting amount reflected in operating revenue. in addition, comparability of operation and maintenance expenses and depreciation and amortization may be impacted by regulatory and depreciation trackers that allow for the recovery in rates of certain costs. therefore, increases in these tracked operating expenses are offset by increases in operating revenues and have essentially no impact on net income.
2020 vs. 2019 operating income for 2020, electric operations reported operating income of $348.8 million, a decrease of $58.0 million from the comparable 2019 period.
operating revenues for 2020 were $1,536.6 million, an decrease of $162.6 million from the same period in 2019. the change in operating revenues was primarily driven by:
•lower cost of energy billed to customers, which is offset in operating expense, of $152.1 million.
•lower regulatory and depreciation trackers, which are offset in operating expense, of $25.2 million.
•the effects of decreased commercial and industrial usage and decreased late and disconnection fees, both primarily related to the covid-19 pandemic, of $24.9 million.
partially offset by:
•higher revenue from recent base rate proceedings of $22.5 million.
•the effects of increased residential usage primarily related to the pandemic of $13.5 million.
•the effects of customer growth of $4.0 million.
operating expenses were $104.6 million lower in 2020 than 2019. this change was primarily driven by:
•lower cost of energy billed to customers, which is offset in operating revenue, of $152.1 million.
•lower regulatory and depreciation trackers, which are offset in operating revenues, of $25.2 million.
•lower outside services costs of $16.0 million primarily related to lower generation-related maintenance.
•lower employee and administrative costs of $8.1 million.
partially offset by:
•increased depreciation of $61.6 million primarily due to additional plant placed in service.
•severance and outside services expenses related to the nisource next initiative of $13.0 million.
•increased expenses primarily due to the impact of pandemic-related materials and supplies, outside services, uncollectible and sequestration expenses of $10.7 million, offset by a $5.3 million deferral of uncollectible and other expenses, related to the pandemic.
•increased materials and supplies costs of $4.7 million
•higher insurance expense of $2.7 million primarily driven by increased premiums.
•increased environmental costs of $1.3 million.
2019 vs. 2018 operating income for 2019, electric operations reported operating income of $406.8 million, an increase of $20.7 million from the comparable 2018 period.
operating revenues for 2019 were $1,699.2 million, a decrease of $9.0 million from the same period in 2018. the change in operating revenues was primarily driven by:
•lower cost of energy billed to customers, which is offset in operating expense, of $34.8 million.
•lower revenues from the effects of cooler weather of $15.1 million.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
nisource inc.
electric operations (continued)
•decreased residential, commercial and industrial usage of $10.8 million.
partially offset by:
•new rates from the recent rate case proceeding, incremental capital spend on infrastructure replacement programs, and electric transmission projects of $24.8 million.
•decreased fuel handling costs of $11.0 million.
•higher regulatory and depreciation trackers, which are offset in operating expense, of $8.4 million.
•increased commercial and residential customer growth of $3.9 million.
operating expenses were $29.7 million lower in 2019 than 2018. this change was primarily driven by:
•lower cost of energy billed to customers, which is offset in operating revenue, of $34.8 million.
•decreased materials and supplies costs of $7.8 million, primarily related to the retirement of bailly generating station units 7 and 8 on may 31, 2018.
•decreased employee and administrative costs of $5.0 million.
partially offset by:
•higher regulatory and depreciation trackers, which are offset in operating revenues, of $8.4 million.
•increased depreciation of $8.7 million due to higher capital expenditures placed in service.
weather in general, we calculate the weather-related revenue variance based on changing customer demand driven by weather variance from normal heating or cooling degree days. our composite heating or cooling degree days reported do not directly correlate to the weather-related dollar impact on the results of electric operations. heating or cooling degree days experienced during different times of the year may have more or less impact on volume and dollars depending on when they occur. when the detailed results are combined for reporting, there may be weather-related dollar impacts on operations when there is not an apparent or significant change in our aggregated composite heating or cooling degree day comparison.
the definition of "normal" weather was updated during the first quarter of 2019 to reflect more current weather pattern data and to more closely align with the regulators' jurisdictional definitions of "normal" weather. impacts of the change in methodology will be reflected prospectively and disclosed to the extent it results in notable year-over-year variances in operating revenues.
weather in the electric operations' territories for 2020 was 12% warmer than normal and 6% cooler than the same period in 2019, which had an immaterial impact on operating revenues for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to 2019.
weather in the electric operations' territories for 2019 was 20% warmer than normal and 18% cooler than the same period in 2018, decreasing operating revenues $15.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to 2018.
sales electric operations sales were 14,703.9 gwh for 2020, a decrease of 1,017.4 gwh, or 6.5% compared to 2019. this decrease was primarily attributable to decreased usage by industrial and commercial customers due to the pandemic and higher self-generation by industrial customers, partially offset by increased usage by residential customers primarily due to the pandemic.
electric operations sales were 15,721.3 gwh for 2019, a decrease of 726.7 gwh, or 4.4% compared to 2018. this decrease was primarily attributable to higher internal generation from large industrial customers in 2019 and the effects of cooler weather on residential and commercial customers.
commodity price impact nipsco has a state-approved recovery mechanism that provides a means for full recovery of prudently incurred fuel costs. fuel costs are treated as pass-through costs and have no impact on the operating revenues recorded in the period. the fuel costs included in revenues are matched with the fuel cost expense recorded in the period and the difference is recorded on the consolidated balance sheets as under-recovered or over-recovered fuel cost to be included in future customer billings.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
nisource inc.
electric operations (continued)
nipsco's performance remains closely linked to the performance of the steel industry. nipsco's mwh sales to steel-related industries accounted for approximately 45.9% and 51.5% of the total industrial mwh sales for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
electric supply nipsco 2018 integrated resource plan. nipsco concluded in its october 2018 integrated resource plan submission that nipsco's current fleet of coal generation facilities will be retired earlier than previous integrated resource plan's had indicated. the integrated resource plan evaluated demand-side and supply-side resource alternatives to reliably and cost effectively meet nipsco customers' future energy requirements over the ensuing 20 years. the preferred option within the integrated resource plan retires the r.m. schahfer generating station by mid-2023 and the michigan city generating station by the end of 2028. these stations represent 2,080 mw of generating capacity, equal to 72% of nipsco's remaining capacity and 100% of nipsco's remaining coal-fired generating capacity. in the second quarter of 2020, the miso approved nipsco's plan to retire the r.m. schahfer generating station in 2023. the planned replacement by the end of 2023 of approximately 1,400 mw of retiring coal-fired generation station could provide incremental capital investment opportunities of approximately $1.8 to $2.0 billion, primarily in 2022 and 2023. refer to note 6, "property, plant and equipment" and note 20-e, "other matters," in the notes to consolidated financial statements for further information. in february 2021, nipsco decided to submit modified attachment y notices to miso requesting accelerated retirement of two of the four coal fired units at r.m. schahfer generating station. the two units are now expected to be retired by the end of 2021, with the remaining two units still scheduled to be retired in 2023. at retirement, the net book value of the retired units will be reclassified from "non-utility and other property", to current and long-term "regulatory assets."
the current replacement plan includes renewable sources of energy, including wind, solar, and battery storage to be obtained through a combination of nipsco ownership and ppas. nipsco has executed several ppas to purchase 100% of the output from renewable generation facilities at a fixed price per mwh. each facility supplying the energy will have an associated nameplate capacity, and payments under the ppas will not begin until the associated generation facility is constructed by the owner/seller. nipsco has also executed several btas with developers to construct renewable generation facilities. the following table summarizes the executed ppas and btas that have not yet been placed into service:
project name                  transaction type        technology                     nameplate capacity (mw)         storage capacity (mw)       submitted to iurc        iurc approval         estimated construction completion jordan creek                  20 year ppa             wind                                               400                             -              02/01/2019            6/05/2019                   in service (12/10/2020)
rosewater(1)                  bta                     wind                                               100                             -              02/01/2019            8/07/2019                   in service (12/29/2020)
indiana crossroads(2)         bta                     wind                                               300                             -              10/22/2019            2/19/2020                                12/31/2021
greensboro                    20 year ppa             solar &amp; storage                                100                            30               7/17/2020            1/27/2021                                 6/30/2023
brickyard                     20 year ppa             solar                                              200                             -               7/17/2020            1/27/2021                                 6/30/2023
green river                   20 year ppa             solar                                              200                             -              12/23/2020              pending                                 6/30/2023
cavalry(2)                    bta                     solar &amp; storage                                200                            60              11/30/2020              pending                                12/31/2023
dunn's bridge i(2)            bta                     solar                                              265                             -              11/30/2020              pending                                12/31/2022
dunn's bridge ii(2)           bta                     solar &amp; storage                                435                            75              11/30/2020              pending                                12/31/2023
gibson                        22 year ppa             solar                                              280                             -              01/29/2021              pending                                12/31/2023
(1) ownership of the facility was transferred to a joint venture whose members include nipsco and an unrelated tax equity partner.
(2) ownership of the facilities will be transferred to joint ventures whose members include nipsco and an unrelated tax equity partner.
we expect to secure additional agreements with counterparties and initiate regulatory compliance filings into 2021.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
nisource inc.
liquidity and capital resources we continually evaluate the availability of adequate financing to fund our ongoing business operations, working capital and core safety and infrastructure investment programs. our financing is sourced through cash flow from operations and the issuance of debt and/or equity. external debt financing is provided primarily through the issuance of long-term debt, accounts receivable securitization programs and our $1.5 billion commercial paper program, which is backstopped by our committed revolving credit facility with a total availability from third-party lenders of $1.85 billion. the commercial paper program and credit facility provide cost-effective, short-term financing until it can be replaced with a balance of long-term debt and equity financing that achieves our desired capital structure. we have also utilized an at-the-market (atm) equity sales program that allowed us to issue and sell shares of our common stock up to an aggregate offering price of $434.4 million. the program expired on december 31, 2020, but we expect to issue additional equity under atm offerings from time to time.
we believe these sources provide adequate capital to fund our operating activities and capital expenditures in 2021 and beyond.
greater lawrence incident. as discussed in the "executive summary", part i, item 1a "risk factors," and in note 20, "other commitments and contingencies" in the notes to consolidated financial statements, due to the inherent uncertainty of litigation, there can be no assurance that the outcome or resolution of any particular claim related to the greater lawrence incident will not continue to have an adverse impact on our cash flows. through income generated from operating activities, amounts available under the short-term revolving credit facility, and our ability to access capital markets, we believe we have adequate capital available to settle remaining anticipated claims associated with the greater lawrence incident. previous costs in excess of insurance recoveries were primarily funded through short-term borrowings. the sale of the massachusetts business was completed on october 9, 2020. on october 14, 2020, we used a portion of the proceeds from the massachusetts business sale to pay down these short-term borrowings.
operating activities net cash from operating activities for the year ended december 31, 2020 was $1,104.0 million, a decrease of $479.3 million from 2019. this decrease was primarily driven by a year over year increase in net payments related to the greater lawrence incident. during 2020, we paid approximately $227 million compared to net receipts of $289 million, representing insurance recoveries offset by payments, during 2019. refer to note 20, "other commitments and contingencies" in the notes to consolidated financial statements for further information related to the greater lawrence incident.
investing activities our cash used for investing activities varies year over year primarily as a result of changes in the level of annual capital expenditures. see below for further details of our capital expenditures and related regulatory programs. in 2020, our typical investing cash outflows were offset by $1,115.9 million of proceeds from the sale of assets, driven by the sale of the massachusetts business. refer to note 1 "nature of operations and summary of significant accounting policies" for more information.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
nisource inc.
capital expenditures. the table below reflects capital expenditures and certain other investing activities by segment for 2020, 2019 and 2018.
(in millions)                                                    2020                         2019                        2018(3)
gas distribution operations system growth and tracker                                  $975.7                      $1,006.1                       $897.5
maintenance                                                 291.2                         374.3                        417.8
total gas distribution operations                         1,266.9                       1,380.3                      1,315.3
electric operations system growth and tracker                                   222.1                         279.5                        346.0
maintenance                                                 200.7                         189.4                        153.3
total electric operations                                   422.8                         468.9                        499.3
corporate and other operations - maintenance(1)              31.1                          18.6                            -
total(2)                                                 $1,720.8                      $1,867.8                     $1,814.6
(1) corporate and other capital expenditures were zero in 2018 as specific it assets were leased in 2018. certain it and other maintenance related assets were purchased in 2019 and 2020.
(2)amounts differ from those presented on the statements of consolidated cash flows primarily due to the capitalized portion of the corporate incentive plan payout, inclusion of capital expenditures included in current liabilities and afudc equity.
(3) the 2018 capital expenditures for gas distribution operations reflects reclassifying the greater lawrence incident pipeline replacement from system growth and tracker to maintenance.
for 2020, capital expenditures and certain other investing activities were $1,720.8 million, which was $147.0 million lower than the 2019 capital program. this decrease in spending is primarily due to the sale of the massachusetts business and impact of covid 19.
for 2019, capital expenditures and certain other investing activities were $1,867.8 million, which was $53.2 million higher than the 2018 capital program. this increased spending is primarily due to growth, safety and system modernization projects.
for 2021, we project to invest approximately $1.9 to $2.1 billion in our capital program. this projected level of spend is an increase from our 2020 spend levels and supports continued investment in safety and reliability through modernizing gas and electric systems while meeting customer growth demands.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
nisource inc.
regulatory capital improvement programs. in 2020, we continued to move forward on core infrastructure and environmental investment programs supported by complementary regulatory and customer initiatives across all seven states of our operating area. the following table describes the most recent vintage of our regulatory programs to recover infrastructure replacement and other federally-mandated compliance investments currently in rates and those pending commission approval:
(in millions)
company                          program                      incremental revenue         incremental capital investment       investment period   costs covered(1)                                                                                                                                                                                      rates effective columbia of ohio                 irp - 2020                        $32.9                             $234.4                           1/19-12/19   replacement of (1) hazardous service lines, (2) cast iron, wrought iron, uncoated steel, and bare steel pipe, (3) natural gas risers prone to failure and installation of amr devices.                may 2020
columbia of ohio                 cep - 2020                        $18.0                             $185.1                           1/19-12/19   assets not included in the irp.                                                                                                                                                                       september 2020
nipsco - gas                     tdsic 1                            $0.6                              $26.0                            1/20-6/20   new or replacement projects undertaken for the purpose of safety, reliability, system modernization or economic development.                                                                          january 2021
nipsco - gas                     fmca 5                             $4.8                              $42.3                            4/20-9/20   project costs to comply with federal mandates.                                                                                                                                                        april 2021
columbia of pennsylvania         dsic-q4 2020(2)                    $0.8                              $25.0                           9/20-11/20   eligible project costs including piping, couplings, gas service lines, excess flow valves, risers, meter bars, meters, and other related capitalized cost, to improve the distribution system.        january 2021
columbia of virginia             save - 2021                        $5.2                              $46.4                           1/21-12/21   replacement projects that (1) enhance system safety or reliability, or (2) reduce, or potentially reduce, greenhouse gas emissions.                                                                   january 2021
columbia of kentucky             smrp - 2021(3)                     $5.8                              $50.0                           1/21-12/21   replacement of mains and inclusion of system safety investments.                                                                                                                                      q2 2021
columbia of maryland             stride - 2021                      $1.3                              $16.9                           1/21-12/21   pipeline upgrades designed to improve public safety or infrastructure reliability.                                                                                                                    january 2021
nipsco - electric                tdsic - 7(4)                      $11.3                             $122.3                            7/19-7/20   new or replacement projects undertaken for the purpose of safety, reliability, system modernization or economic development.                                                                          february 2021
nipsco - electric                fmca - 13(5)(6)                  $(1.2)                                 $-                            9/19-2/20   project costs to comply with federal mandates.                                                                                                                                                        august 2020
(1)programs do not include any costs already included in base rates.
(2)due to a cap on the revenues permitted to flow through the dsic, columbia gas of pennsylvania is only able to request recovery of a portion of the capital investment for this period.
(3)on december 17, 2020, the kentucky psc issued an order suspending the rates through may 30, 2021. an order for approval can be received from the commission prior to this date.
(4)incremental capital and revenue are net of amounts included in the step 2 rates. see part 1, item 1. "business" for additional information.
(5)incremental revenue is inclusive of tracker eligible operations and maintenance expense.
(6)no eligible capital investments were made during the investment period.
refer to note 9, "regulatory matters" and note 20-e, "other matters," in the notes to consolidated financial statements for a further discussion of regulatory developments during 2020.
financing activities short-term debt. refer to note 16, "short-term borrowings," in the notes to consolidated financial statements for information on short-term debt.
long-term debt. refer to note 15, "long-term debt," in the notes to consolidated financial statements for information on long-term debt.
net available liquidity. as of december 31, 2020, an aggregate of $1,721.6 million of net liquidity was available, including cash and credit available under the revolving credit facility and accounts receivable securitization programs.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
nisource inc.
sources of liquidity the following table displays our liquidity position as of december 31, 2020 and 2019:
year ended december 31, (in millions)                                  2020              2019
current liquidity revolving credit facility                                      $1,850.0          $1,850.0
accounts receivable program(1)                                    273.3             353.2
less:
commercial paper                                                  503.0             570.0
accounts receivable programs utilized                                 -             353.2
letters of credit outstanding under credit facility                15.2              10.2
add:
cash and cash equivalents                                         116.5             139.3
net available liquidity                                        $1,721.6          $1,409.1
(1)represents the lesser of the seasonal limit or maximum borrowings supportable by the underlying receivables.
debt covenants. we are subject to a financial covenant under our revolving credit facility, which requires us to maintain a debt to capitalization ratio that does not exceed 70%. as of december 31, 2020, the ratio was 62.5%.
sale of trade accounts receivables. refer to note 19, "transfers of financial assets," in the notes to consolidated financial statements for information on the sale of trade accounts receivable.
credit ratings. the credit rating agencies periodically review our ratings, taking into account factors such as our capital structure and earnings profile. the following table includes our and certain of our subsidiaries' credit ratings and ratings outlook as of december 31, 2020. in february 2020, s&p changed our and certain of our subsidiaries' outlook from negative to stable. there were no other changes to the below credit ratings or outlooks since december 31, 2019.
a credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities, and may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating organization.
s&amp;p                       moody's                       fitch rating         outlook        rating         outlook        rating            outlook nisource                         bbb+           stable         baa2           stable         bbb               stable nipsco                           bbb+           stable         baa1           stable         bbb               stable columbia of massachusetts        bbb+           stable         baa2           stable         not rated         not rated commercial paper                 a-2            stable         p-2            stable         f2                stable certain of our subsidiaries have agreements that contain "ratings triggers" that require increased collateral if our credit ratings or the credit ratings of certain of our subsidiaries are below investment grade. these agreements are primarily for insurance purposes and for the physical purchase or sale of power. as of december 31, 2020, the collateral requirement that would be required in the event of a downgrade below the ratings trigger levels would amount to approximately $53.9 million. in addition to agreements with ratings triggers, there are other agreements that contain "adequate assurance" or "material adverse change" provisions that could necessitate additional credit support such as letters of credit and cash collateral to transact business.
equity. our authorized capital stock consists of 620,000,000 shares, $0.01 par value, of which 600,000,000 are common stock and 20,000,000 are preferred stock. as of december 31, 2020, 391,760,051 shares of common stock and 440,000 shares of preferred stock were outstanding. for more information regarding our common and preferred stock, see note 13, "equity," in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
nisource inc.
contractual obligations we have certain contractual obligations requiring payments at specified periods. the obligations include long-term debt, lease obligations, energy commodity contracts and obligations for various services including pipeline capacity and outsourcing of it services. the total contractual obligations in existence at december 31, 2020 and their maturities were:
(in millions)                                       total                         2021                       2022                       2023                       2024                         2025                         after long-term debt (1)                           $9,135.0                            $-                      $30.0                         $-                         $-                     $1,260.0                     $7,845.0
interest payments on long-term debt           6,046.3                         336.3                      335.7                      334.1                      334.1                        334.1                      4,372.0
finance leases(2)                               264.7                          32.7                       32.2                       28.8                       20.8                         16.1                        134.1
operating leases(3)                              48.0                          11.7                        5.2                        4.7                        4.5                          3.7                         18.2
energy commodity contracts                       42.1                          42.1                          -                          -                          -                            -                            -
service obligations:
pipeline service obligations(4)               1,495.6                         468.7                      422.5                      256.0                      150.5                         56.2                        141.7
it service obligations                          240.3                          74.9                       74.0                       38.1                       30.5                         22.8                            -
other service obligations(5)                     12.6                          12.6                          -                          -                          -                            -                            -
other liabilities(6)                            116.9                          26.0                        0.8                       90.1                          -                            -                            -
total contractual obligations               $17,401.5                      $1,005.0                     $900.4                     $751.8                     $540.4                     $1,692.9                    $12,511.0
(1) long-term debt balance excludes unamortized issuance costs and discounts of $86.9 million.
(2) finance lease payments shown above are inclusive of interest totaling $69.7 million.
(3) operating lease payments shown above are inclusive of interest totaling $7.8 million. operating lease balances do not include obligations for possible fleet vehicle lease renewals beyond the initial lease term. while we have the ability to renew these leases beyond the initial term, we are not reasonably certain (as that term is defined in asc 842) to do so as they are renewed month-to-month after the first year. if we were to continue the fleet vehicle leases outstanding at december 31, 2020, payments would be $30.0 million in 2021, $27.7 million in 2022, $24.9 million in 2023, $22.0 million in 2024, $19.0 million in 2025 and $21.5 million thereafter.
(4)in february 2021, the demand rate increased for our pipeline service obligations, resulting in a total increase of $638.6 million in addition to our future pipeline service obligations shown above.
(5)on february 9, 2021, a rail transportation contract for the transportation of coal was fully executed between nipsco and a counterparty, replacing the prior agreement. the minimum coal tonnage shipment commitment for 2021 was eliminated under the new agreement, reducing our contractual obligation for 2021 by $12.1 million.
(6)other liabilities shown above are inclusive of the rosewater developer payment due in 2023.
our calculated estimated interest payments for long-term debt is based on the stated coupon and payment dates. for 2021, we project that we will be required to make interest payments of approximately $339.4 million, which includes $336.3 million of interest payments related to our long-term debt outstanding as of december 31, 2020. at december 31, 2020, we had $503.0 million in short-term borrowings outstanding.
our expected payments included within "other liabilities" in the table of contractual commitments above contains employer contributions to pension and other postretirement benefits plans expected to be made in 2021. plan contributions beyond 2021 are dependent upon a number of factors, including actual returns on plan assets, which cannot be reliably estimated at this time. in 2021, we expect to make contributions of approximately $2.9 million to our pension plans and approximately $21.8 million to our postretirement medical and life plans. refer to note 12, "pension and other postretirement benefits," in the notes to consolidated financial statements for more information.
we cannot reasonably estimate the settlement amounts or timing of cash flows related to long-term obligations classified as "total other liabilities" on the consolidated balance sheets, other than those described above.
we also have obligations associated with income, property, gross receipts, franchise, sales and use, and various other taxes and expect to make tax payments of approximately $253.4 million in 2021, which are not included in the table above. in addition, we have uncertain income tax positions that are not included in the table above as we are unable to predict when the matters will be resolved. refer to note 14, "income taxes," in the notes to consolidated financial statements for more information.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
nisource inc.
nipsco has executed several ppas to purchase 100% of the output from renewable generation facilities at a fixed price per mwh. each facility supplying the energy will have an associated nameplate capacity, and payments under the ppas will not begin until the associated generation facility is constructed by the owner/seller. nipsco has also executed several btas with developers to construct renewable generation facilities. nipsco's purchase requirement under the btas is dependent on satisfactory approval of the bta by the iurc, successful execution of an agreement with a tax equity partner and timely completion of construction. nipsco and the tax equity partner are obligated to make cash contributions to the partnership at the date construction is substantially complete. once the tax equity partner has earned their negotiated rate of return and we have reached the agreed upon contractual date, nipsco has the option to purchase at fair market value from the tax equity partner the remaining interest in the aforementioned joint venture. see note 20-a, "contractual obligations," and note 20-e. "other matters - nipsco 2018 integrated resource plan," in the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
off-balance sheet arrangements we, along with certain of our subsidiaries, enter into various agreements providing financial or performance assurance to third parties on behalf of certain subsidiaries. such agreements include guarantees and stand-by letters of credit.
refer to note 20, "other commitments and contingencies," in the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information about such arrangements.
market risk disclosures risk is an inherent part of our businesses. the extent to which we properly and effectively identify, assess, monitor and manage each of the various types of risk involved in our businesses is critical to our profitability. we seek to identify, assess, monitor and manage, in accordance with defined policies and procedures, the following principal market risks that are involved in our businesses: commodity price risk, interest rate risk and credit risk. we manage risk through a multi-faceted process with oversight by the risk management committee that requires constant communication, judgment and knowledge of specialized products and markets. our senior management takes an active role in the risk management process and has developed policies and procedures that require specific administrative and business functions to assist in the identification, assessment and control of various risks. these may include, but are not limited to market, operational, financial, compliance and strategic risk types. in recognition of the increasingly varied and complex nature of the energy business, our risk management process, policies and procedures continue to evolve and are subject to ongoing review and modification.
commodity price risk we are exposed to commodity price risk as a result of our subsidiaries' operations involving natural gas and power. to manage this market risk, our subsidiaries use derivatives, including commodity futures contracts, swaps, forwards and options. we do not participate in speculative energy trading activity.
commodity price risk resulting from derivative activities at our rate-regulated subsidiaries is limited, since regulations allow recovery of prudently incurred purchased power, fuel and gas costs through the rate-making process, including gains or losses on these derivative instruments. if states should explore additional regulatory reform, these subsidiaries may begin providing services without the benefit of the traditional rate-making process and may be more exposed to commodity price risk.
our subsidiaries are required to make cash margin deposits with their brokers to cover actual and potential losses in the value of outstanding exchange traded derivative contracts. the amount of these deposits, some of which is reflected in our restricted cash balance, may fluctuate significantly during periods of high volatility in the energy commodity markets.
refer to note 10, "risk management activities," in the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further information on our commodity price risk assets and liabilities as of december 31, 2020 and 2019.
interest rate risk we are exposed to interest rate risk as a result of changes in interest rates on borrowings under our revolving credit agreement, commercial paper program, accounts receivable programs and now-settled term loan, which have interest rates that are indexed to short-term market interest rates. based upon average borrowings and debt obligations subject to fluctuations in short-term market interest rates, an increase (or decrease) in short-term interest rates of 100 basis points (1%) would have increased (or decreased) interest expense by $12.3 million and $19.0 million for 2020 and 2019, respectively. we are also exposed to interest rate risk as a result of changes in benchmark rates that can influence the interest rates of future debt issuances.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
nisource inc.
refer to note 10, "risk management activities," in the notes to consolidated financial statements for further information on our interest rate risk assets and liabilities as of december 31, 2020 and 2019.
credit risk due to the nature of the industry, credit risk is embedded in many of our business activities. our extension of credit is governed by a corporate credit risk policy. in addition, risk management committee guidelines are in place which document management approval levels for credit limits, evaluation of creditworthiness, and credit risk mitigation efforts. exposures to credit risks are monitored by the risk management function, which is independent of commercial operations. credit risk arises due to the possibility that a customer, supplier or counterparty will not be able or willing to fulfill its obligations on a transaction on or before the settlement date. for derivative-related contracts, credit risk arises when counterparties are obligated to deliver or purchase defined commodity units of gas or power to us at a future date per execution of contractual terms and conditions. exposure to credit risk is measured in terms of both current obligations and the market value of forward positions net of any posted collateral such as cash and letters of credit.
we closely monitor the financial status of our banking credit providers. we evaluate the financial status of our banking partners through the use of market-based metrics such as credit default swap pricing levels, and also through traditional credit ratings provided by major credit rating agencies.
certain individual state regulatory commissions instituted regulatory moratoriums in connection with the covid-19 pandemic that impacted our ability to pursue our credit risk mitigation practices for customer accounts receivable. following the issuances of these moratoriums, certain of our regulated operations have been authorized to recognize a regulatory asset for bad debt costs above levels currently in rates. we have reinstated our common credit mitigation practices where moratoriums have expired. see the covid-19 pandemic discussion in part i. item 1a, "risk factors" for risks that have been identified related to the pandemic and refer to note 9, "regulatory matters" in the notes to consolidated financial statements for state specific regulatory moratoriums.
other information critical accounting policies we apply certain accounting policies based on the accounting requirements discussed below that have had, and may continue to have, significant impacts on our operations and consolidated financial statements.
basis of accounting for rate-regulated subsidiaries. asc topic 980, regulated operations, provides that rate-regulated subsidiaries account for and report assets and liabilities consistent with the economic effect of the way in which regulators establish rates, if the rates established are designed to recover the costs of providing the regulated service and if the competitive environment makes it probable that such rates can be charged and collected. certain expenses and credits subject to utility regulation or rate determination normally reflected in income are deferred on the consolidated balance sheets and are recognized in income as the related amounts are included in service rates and recovered from or refunded to customers. the total amounts of regulatory assets and liabilities reflected on the consolidated balance sheets were $1,930.5 million and $2,065.5 million at december 31, 2020, and $2,239.6 million and $2,512.2 million at december 31, 2019, respectively. for additional information, refer to note 9, "regulatory matters," in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
in the event that regulation significantly changes the opportunity for us to recover our costs in the future, all or a portion of our regulated operations may no longer meet the criteria for the application of asc topic 980, regulated operations. in such event, a write-down of all or a portion of our existing regulatory assets and liabilities could result. if transition cost recovery is approved by the appropriate regulatory bodies that would meet the requirements under gaap for continued accounting as regulatory assets and liabilities during such recovery period, the regulatory assets and liabilities would be reported at the recoverable amounts. if we were unable to continue to apply the provisions of asc topic 980, regulated operations, we would be required to apply the provisions of asc topic 980-20, discontinuation of rate-regulated accounting. in management's opinion, our regulated subsidiaries will be subject to asc topic 980, regulated operations for the foreseeable future.
certain of the regulatory assets reflected on our consolidated balance sheets require specific regulatory action in order to be included in future service rates. although recovery of these amounts is not guaranteed, we believe that these costs meet the requirements for deferral as regulatory assets. if we determine that the amounts included as regulatory assets are no longer recoverable, a charge to income would immediately be required to the extent of the unrecoverable amounts.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
nisource inc.
the passage of the tcja into law in december 2017 necessitated the remeasurement of our deferred income tax balances to reflect the change in the statutory federal tax rate from 35% to 21%. for our regulated entities, substantially all of the impact of this remeasurement was recorded to a regulatory liability and is being passed backed to customers, as established during the rate making process. for additional information, refer to note 9, "regulatory matters," and note 11, "income taxes," in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
pension and postretirement benefits. we have defined benefit plans for both pension and other postretirement benefits. the calculation of the net obligations and annual expense related to the plans requires a significant degree of judgment regarding the discount rates to be used in bringing the liabilities to present value, expected long-term rates of return on plan assets, health care trend rates, and mortality rates, among other assumptions. due to the size of the plans and the long-term nature of the associated liabilities, changes in the assumptions used in the actuarial estimates could have material impacts on the measurement of the net obligations and annual expense recognition. differences between actuarial assumptions and actual plan results are deferred into aoci or a regulatory balance sheet account, depending on the jurisdiction of our entity. these deferred gains or losses are then amortized into the income statement when the accumulated differences exceed 10% of the greater of the projected benefit obligation or the fair value of plan assets (known in gaap as the "corridor" method) or when settlement accounting is triggered.
the discount rates, expected long-term rates of return on plan assets, health care cost trend rates and mortality rates are critical assumptions. methods used to develop these assumptions are described below. while a third party actuarial firm assists with the development of many of these assumptions, we are ultimately responsible for selecting the final assumptions.
the discount rate is utilized principally in calculating the actuarial present value of pension and other postretirement benefit obligations and net periodic pension and other postretirement benefit plan costs. our discount rates for both pension and other postretirement benefits are determined using spot rates along an aa-rated above median yield curve with cash flows matching the expected duration of benefit payments to be made to plan participants.
the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets is a component utilized in calculating annual pension and other postretirement benefit plan costs. we estimate the expected return on plan assets by evaluating expected bond returns, equity risk premiums, target asset allocations, the effects of active plan management, the impact of periodic plan asset rebalancing and historical performance. we also consider the guidance from our investment advisors in making a final determination of our expected rate of return on assets. for measurement of 2021 net periodic benefit cost, we selected an expected pre-tax long-term rate of return of 5.20% and 5.50% for our pension and other postretirement benefit plan assets, respectively.
we estimate the assumed health care cost trend rate, which is used in determining our other postretirement benefit net expense, based upon our actual health care cost experience, the effects of recently enacted legislation, third-party actuarial surveys and general economic conditions.
we utilize a full yield curve approach to estimate the service and interest components of net periodic benefit cost for pension and other postretirement benefits by applying the specific spot rates along the yield curve used in the determination of the benefit obligation to the relevant projected cash flows. for further discussion of our pension and other postretirement benefits, see note 12, "pension and other postretirement benefits," in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
typically, we use the society of actuaries' most recently published mortality data in developing a best estimate of mortality as part of the calculation of the pension and other postretirement benefit obligations. due to the ongoing covid-19 pandemic, we adjusted our mortality assumption through 2023 to reflect anticipated slow recovery.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
nisource inc.
the following tables illustrate the effects of changes in these actuarial assumptions while holding all other assumptions constant:
impact on december 31, 2020 projected benefit obligation increase/(decrease)
change in assumptions (in millions)                                                 pension benefits                                                      other postretirement benefits
+50 basis points change in discount rate                                            $(88.7)                                                                         $(29.8)
-50 basis points change in discount rate                                            96.5                                                                               32.7
impact on 2020 expense increase/(decrease)(1)
change in assumptions (in millions)                                                 pension benefits                                                      other postretirement benefits
+50 basis points change in discount rate                                            $(2.0)                                                                           $(0.8)
-50 basis points change in discount rate                                            1.6                                                                                 0.9
+50 basis points change in expected long-term rate of return on plan assets         (9.8)                                                                             (1.3)
-50 basis points change in expected long-term rate of return on plan assets         9.8                                                                                 1.3
(1)before labor capitalization and regulatory deferrals.
goodwill and other intangible assets. we have six goodwill reporting units, comprised of the six state operating companies within the gas distribution operations reportable segment. our goodwill assets at december 31, 2020 were $1,486 million, most of which resulted from the acquisition of columbia on november 1, 2000.
as required by gaap, we test for impairment of goodwill on an annual basis and on an interim basis when events or circumstances indicate that a potential impairment may exist. our annual goodwill test takes place in the second quarter of each year and was performed on may 1, 2020.
a quantitative ("step 1") test was completed on may 1, 2020 for all reporting units. columbia of massachusetts was not considered to be a reporting unit for the may 1, 2020 fair value measurement as the goodwill balance had been reduced to zero as of december 31, 2019. consistent with our historical impairment testing of goodwill, fair value of the reporting units was determined based on a weighting of income and market approaches. these approaches require significant judgments including appropriate long-term growth rates and discount rates for the income approach and appropriate multiples of earnings for peer companies and control premiums for the market approach. the discount rates were derived using peer company data compiled with the assistance of a third party valuation services firm. the discount rates used are subject to change based on changes in tax rates at both the state and federal level, debt and equity ratios at each reporting unit and general economic conditions. the long-term growth rate was derived by evaluating historic growth rates, new business and investment opportunities beyond the near term horizon. the long-term growth rate is subject to change depending on inflationary impacts to the u.s. economy and the individual business environments in which each reporting unit operates. the step 1 analysis performed indicated that the fair value of each of the reporting units exceeds their carrying value. as a result, no impairment charges were recorded.
we recorded impairment charges related to goodwill and other intangible assets in 2019. see note 7, "goodwill and other intangible assets," in the notes to consolidated financial statements for information regarding our 2019 analyses and assumptions.
revenue recognition. revenue is recorded as products and services are delivered. utility revenues are billed to customers monthly on a cycle basis. revenues are recorded on the accrual basis and include estimates for electricity and gas delivered but not billed.
we adopted the provisions of asc 606 beginning on january 1, 2018 using a modified retrospective method, which was applied to all contracts. no material adjustments were made to january 1, 2018 opening balances and no material changes in the amount or timing of future revenue recognition occurred as a result of the adoption of asc 606. refer to note 3 "revenue recognition," in the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding our significant judgments and estimates related to revenue recognition.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
nisource inc.
variable interest entities. a vie is an entity in which the controlling interest is determined through means other than a majority voting interest. the primary beneficiary of a vie is the business enterprise which has the power to direct the activities of the vie that most significantly impact the vie's economic performance. also, the primary beneficiary either absorbs a significant amount of the vie's losses or has the right to receive benefits that could be significant to the vie. we consider these qualitative elements in determining whether we are the primary beneficiary of a vie, and we consolidate those vies for which we are determined to be the primary beneficiary. as the managing member of a partnership, we would control decisions that are significant to the ongoing operations and economic results. therefore, we have concluded that we are the primary beneficiary of rosewater and have consolidated rosewater even though we own less than 100% of the total equity membership interest.
we have determined that the use of hlbv accounting is reasonable and appropriate to attribute income and loss to the noncontrolling interest held by the tax equity partner. hlbv accounting was selected as the allocation of rosewater's economic results to members differ from the members' relative ownership percentages. using the hlbv method, our earnings are calculated based on how the partnership would distribute its cash if it were to hypothetically sell all of its assets for their carrying amounts and liquidate at each reporting period. under hlbv, we calculate the liquidation value allocable to each partner at the beginning and end of each period based on the contractual liquidation waterfall and adjust our income for the period to reflect the change our associated book value. refer to note 4, "variable interest entities" in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
recently issued accounting pronouncements refer to note 2, "recent accounting pronouncements," in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk are reported in item 7. "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - market risk disclosures."
