item 1a. risk factors special note regarding forward-looking statements and analyst reports certain written and oral statements, other than purely historic information, including estimates, projections, statements relating to nike's business plans, objectives and expected operating results and the assumptions upon which those statements are based, made or incorporated by reference from time to time by nike or its representatives in this report, other reports, filings with the sec, press releases, conferences or otherwise, are "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 and section 21e of the securities exchange act of 1934, as amended. forward-looking statements include, without limitation, any statement that may predict, forecast, indicate or imply future results, performance or achievements, and may contain the words "believe," "anticipate," "expect," "estimate," "project," "will be," "will continue," "will likely result" or words or phrases of similar meaning. forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties which may cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. the risks and uncertainties are detailed from time to time in reports filed by nike with the sec, including reports filed on forms 8-k, 10-q and 10-k, and include, among others, the following: health epidemics, pandemics and similar outbreaks, including the covid-19 pandemic; international, national and local political, civil, economic and market conditions; the size and growth of the overall athletic footwear, apparel and equipment markets; intense competition among designers, marketers, distributors and sellers of athletic footwear, apparel and equipment for consumers and endorsers; demographic changes; changes in consumer preferences; popularity of particular designs, categories of products and sports; seasonal and geographic demand for nike products; difficulties in anticipating or forecasting changes in consumer preferences, consumer demand for nike products and the various market factors described above; difficulties in implementing, operating and maintaining nike's increasingly complex information technology systems and controls, including, without limitation, the systems related to demand and supply planning and inventory control; interruptions in data and information technology systems; consumer data security; fluctuations and difficulty in forecasting operating results, including, without limitation, the fact that advance orders may not be indicative of future revenues due to changes in shipment timing, the changing mix of orders with shorter lead times, and discounts, order cancellations and returns; the ability of nike to sustain, manage or forecast its growth and inventories; the size, timing and mix of purchases of nike's products; increases in the cost of materials, labor and energy used to manufacture products; new product development and introduction; the ability to secure and protect trademarks, patents and other intellectual property; product performance and quality; customer service; adverse publicity, including without limitation, through social media or in connection with brand damaging events; the loss of significant customers or suppliers; dependence on distributors and licensees; business disruptions; increased costs of freight and transportation to meet delivery deadlines; increases in borrowing costs due to any decline in nike's debt ratings; changes in business strategy or development plans; general risks associated with doing business outside of the united states, including, without limitation, exchange rate fluctuations, inflation, import duties, tariffs, quotas, political and economic instability and terrorism; the potential impact of new laws, regulations or policy, including, without limitation, tariffs, import/export, trade and immigration regulations or policies; changes in government regulations; the impact of, including business and legal developments relating to, climate change and natural disasters; litigation, regulatory proceedings, sanctions or any other claims asserted against nike; the ability to attract and retain qualified employees, and any negative public perception with respect to key personnel or our corporate culture, values or purpose; the effects of nike's decision to invest in or divest of businesses and other factors referenced or incorporated by reference in this report and other reports.
risk factors the risks included here are not exhaustive. other sections of this report may include additional factors which could adversely affect nike's business and financial performance. moreover, nike operates in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. new risks emerge from time to time and it is not possible for management to predict all such risks, nor can it assess the impact of all such risks on nike's business or the extent to which any risk, or combination of risks, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. given these risks and uncertainties, investors should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements as a prediction of actual results.
investors should also be aware that while nike does, from time to time, communicate with securities analysts, it is against nike's policy to disclose to them any material non-public information or other confidential commercial information. accordingly, shareholders should not assume that nike agrees with any statement or report issued by any analyst irrespective of the content of the statement or report. furthermore, nike has a policy against confirming financial forecasts or projections issued by others. thus, to the extent that reports issued by securities analysts contain any projections, forecasts or opinions, such reports are not the responsibility of nike.
our financial condition and results of operations have been and are expected to continue to be adversely affected by the coronavirus pandemic.
a novel strain of coronavirus (covid-19) was first identified in wuhan, china in december 2019, and subsequently declared a pandemic by the world health organization. to date, this pandemic and preventative measures taken to contain or mitigate the pandemic have caused, and are expected to continue to cause, business slowdown or shutdown in affected areas and significant disruption in the
2020 form 10-k financial markets, both globally and in the united states. these events have led to and could continue to lead to a decline in discretionary spending by consumers, and in turn materially impact, our business, sales, financial condition and results of operations. we have experienced a negative impact on our sales, operations and financial results, and we cannot predict the degree to, or the time period over, which our sales, operations and financial results will continue to be affected by the pandemic and preventative measures. risks presented by the covid-19 pandemic include, but are not limited to:
•   deterioration in economic conditions in the united states and globally;
•   reduced consumer demand for our products as consumers seek to reduce or delay discretionary spending in response to the impacts of covid-19, including as a result of a rise in unemployment rates and diminished consumer confidence;
•   cancellation or postponement of sports seasons and sporting events in multiple countries, including in the united states, and bans on large public gatherings, which have reduced consumer spending on our products and could impact the effectiveness of our arrangements with key endorsers;
•   decreased retail traffic as a result of store closures, reduced operating hours, social distancing restrictions and/or changes in consumer behavior;
•   the risk that any safety protocols in nike-owned or affiliated facilities will not be effective or not be perceived as effective, or that any virus-related illnesses will be linked or alleged to be linked to such facilities, whether accurate or not;
•   incremental costs resulting from the adoption of preventative measures, including providing facial coverings and hand sanitizer, rearranging operations to follow social distancing protocols, conducting temperature checks and undertaking regular and thorough disinfecting of surfaces;
•   disruption to our distribution centers and our third-party manufacturing partners and other vendors, including through the effects of facility closures, reductions in operating hours, labor shortages, and real time changes in operating procedures, including for additional cleaning and disinfection procedures;
•   bankruptcies or other financial difficulties facing our wholesale customers, which could cause them to be unable to make or delay making payments to us, or result in cancellation or reduction of their orders;
•   operational risk, including but not limited to cybersecurity risks, as a result of extended workforce remote work arrangements, and restrictions on employee travel;
•   impacts to our distribution and logistics providers' ability to operate or increases in their operating costs. these supply chain effects may have an adverse effect on our ability to meet consumer demand, including digital demand, and could result in an increase in our costs of production and distribution, including increased freight and logistics costs and other expenses; and
•   significant disruption of and volatility in global financial markets, which could have a negative impact on our ability to access capital in the future.
we continue to monitor the latest developments regarding the pandemic and have made certain assumptions regarding the pandemic for purposes of our operating, financial and tax planning projections, including assumptions regarding the duration and severity of the pandemic and the global macroeconomic impacts of the pandemic. however, we are unable to accurately predict the extent of the impact of the pandemic on our business, operations and financial condition due to the uncertainty of future developments. in particular, we believe the ultimate impacts on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition will depend on, among other things, the further spread and duration of covid-19, the requirements to take action to help limit the spread of the illness, the availability, safety and efficacy of a vaccine and treatments for covid-19 and the economic impacts of the pandemic. even in those regions where we are beginning to experience business recovery should those regions fail to fully contain covid-19 or suffer a covid-19 relapse, those markets may not recover as quickly or at all, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. the pandemic may also affect our business, operations or financial condition in a manner that is not presently known to us or that we currently do not consider to present significant risks.
in addition, the impact of covid-19 may also exacerbate other risks discussed in this item 1a. risk factors, any of which could have a material effect on us.
global economic conditions could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition.
the uncertain state of the global economy continues to impact businesses around the world. if global economic and financial market conditions further deteriorate or do not improve, the following factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition:
•   our sales are impacted by discretionary spending by consumers. declines in consumer spending may result in reduced demand for our products, increased inventories, reduced orders from retailers for our products, order cancellations, lower revenues, higher discounts and lower gross margins.
•   in the future, we may be unable to access financing in the credit and capital markets at reasonable rates in the event we find it desirable to do so.

•   we conduct transactions in various currencies, which creates exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates relative to the u.s. dollar. continued volatility in the markets and exchange rates for foreign currencies and contracts in foreign currencies could have a significant impact on our reported operating results and financial condition.
•   continued volatility in the availability and prices for commodities and raw materials we use in our products and in our supply chain (such as cotton or petroleum derivatives) could have a material adverse effect on our costs, gross margins and profitability.
•   if retailers of our products experience declining revenues or experience difficulty obtaining financing in the capital and credit markets to purchase our products, this could result in reduced orders for our products, order cancellations, late retailer payments, extended payment terms, higher accounts receivable, reduced cash flows, greater expense associated with collection efforts and increased bad debt expense.
•   if retailers of our products experience severe financial difficulty, some may become insolvent and cease business operations, which could negatively impact the sale of our products to consumers.
if contract manufacturers of our products or other participants in our supply chain experience difficulty obtaining financing in the capital and credit markets to purchase raw materials or to finance capital equipment and other general working capital needs, it may result in delays or non-delivery of shipments of our products.
our products, services and experiences face intense competition.
nike is a consumer products company and the relative popularity of various sports and fitness activities and changing design trends affect the demand for our products. the athletic footwear, apparel and equipment industry is highly competitive both in the united states and worldwide. we compete internationally with a significant number of athletic and leisure footwear companies, athletic and leisure apparel companies, sports equipment companies, private labels and large companies that have diversified lines of athletic and leisure footwear, apparel and equipment. we also compete with other companies for the production capacity of independent manufacturers that produce our products. our nike direct operations, both through our digital commerce operations and retail stores, also compete with multi-brand retailers, which sell our products through their digital platforms and physical stores, and with digital commerce platforms. in addition, we compete with respect to the digital experiences we are able to offer our consumers.
product offerings, technologies, marketing expenditures (including expenditures for advertising and endorsements), pricing, costs of production, customer service, digital commerce platforms, digital services and experiences and social media presence are areas of intense competition. this, in addition to ongoing rapid changes in technology, a reduction in barriers to the creation of new footwear and apparel companies and consumer preferences in the markets for athletic and leisure footwear and apparel, athletic equipment, services and experiences, constitute significant risk factors in our operations. in addition, the competitive nature of retail, including shifts in the ways in which consumers shop, and the continued proliferation of digital commerce, constitutes a risk factor implicating our nike direct and wholesale operations. if we do not adequately and timely anticipate and respond to our competitors, our costs may increase, demand for our products may decline, possibly significantly, or we may need to reduce wholesale or suggested retail prices for our products.
failure to maintain our reputation, brand image and culture could negatively impact our business.
our iconic brands have worldwide recognition, and our success depends on our ability to maintain and enhance our brand image and reputation. maintaining, promoting and growing our brands will depend on our design and marketing efforts, including advertising and consumer campaigns, product innovation and product quality. our commitment to product innovation and quality and our continuing investment in design (including materials) and marketing may not have the desired impact on our brand image and reputation. in addition, our success in maintaining, extending and expanding our brand image depends on our ability to adapt to a rapidly changing media environment, including our increasing reliance on social media and digital dissemination of advertising campaigns on our digital platforms and through our digital experiences. we could be adversely impacted if we fail to achieve any of these objectives.
our brand value also depends on our ability to maintain a positive consumer perception of our corporate integrity, purpose and brand culture. negative claims or publicity involving us, our culture and values, our products, services and experiences, consumer data, or any of our key employees, endorsers, sponsors or suppliers could seriously damage our reputation and brand image, regardless of whether such claims are accurate. for example, while we require our suppliers of our products to operate their business in compliance with applicable laws and regulations, we do not control their practices. negative publicity relating to a violation or an alleged violation of policies or laws by such suppliers could damage our brand image and diminish consumer trust in our brand. social media, which accelerates and potentially amplifies the scope of negative publicity, can increase the challenges of responding to negative claims. adverse publicity about regulatory or legal action against us, or by us, could also damage our reputation and brand image, undermine consumer confidence in us and reduce long-term demand for our products, even if the regulatory or legal action is unfounded or not material to our operations. if the reputation, culture or image of any of our brands is tarnished or if we receive negative publicity, then our sales, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.
2020 form 10-k our business is affected by seasonality, which could result in fluctuations in our operating results.
we experience moderate fluctuations in aggregate sales volume during the year. historically, revenues in the first and fourth fiscal quarters have slightly exceeded those in the second and third fiscal quarters. however, the mix of product sales may vary considerably from time to time as a result of changes in seasonal or covid-19 related cancellations or postponements and geographic demand for particular types of footwear, apparel and equipment and in connection with the timing of significant sporting events, such as the nba finals, olympics or the world cup, among others. in addition, our customers may cancel orders, change delivery schedules or change the mix of products ordered with minimal notice. as a result, we may not be able to accurately predict our quarterly sales. accordingly, our results of operations are likely to fluctuate significantly from period to period. this seasonality, along with other factors that are beyond our control, including economic conditions, changes in consumer preferences, weather conditions, outbreaks of disease, social or political unrest, availability of import quotas, transportation disruptions and currency exchange rate fluctuations, could adversely affect our business and cause our results of operations to fluctuate. our operating margins are also sensitive to a number of additional factors that are beyond our control, including manufacturing and transportation costs, shifts in product sales mix and geographic sales trends, all of which we expect to continue. results of operations in any period should not be considered indicative of the results to be expected for any future period.
if we are unable to anticipate consumer preferences and develop new products, we may not be able to maintain or increase our revenues and profits.
our success depends on our ability to identify, originate and define product trends as well as to anticipate, gauge and react to changing consumer demands in a timely manner. however, lead times for many of our products may make it more difficult for us to respond rapidly to new or changing product trends or consumer preferences. all of our products are subject to changing consumer preferences that cannot be predicted with certainty. our new products may not receive consumer acceptance as consumer preferences could shift rapidly to different types of performance products or away from these types of products altogether, and our future success depends in part on our ability to anticipate and respond to these changes. if we fail to anticipate accurately and respond to trends and shifts in consumer preferences by adjusting the mix of existing product offerings, developing new products, designs, styles and categories, and influencing sports and fitness preferences through extensive marketing, we could experience lower sales, excess inventories or lower profit margins, any of which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. in addition, we market our products globally through a diverse spectrum of advertising and promotional programs and campaigns, including social media, mobile applications and online advertising. if we do not successfully market our products or if advertising and promotional costs increase, these factors could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we rely on technical innovation and high-quality products to compete in the market for our products.
technical innovation and quality control in the design and manufacturing process of footwear, apparel and athletic equipment is essential to the commercial success of our products. research and development play a key role in technical innovation. we rely upon specialists in the fields of biomechanics, chemistry, exercise physiology, engineering, digital technologies, industrial design, sustainability and related fields, as well as research committees and advisory boards made up of athletes, coaches, trainers, equipment managers, orthopedists, podiatrists and other experts to develop and test cutting-edge performance products. while we strive to produce products that help to enhance athletic performance, reduce injury and maximize comfort, if we fail to introduce technical innovation in our products, consumer demand for our products could decline, and if we experience problems with the quality of our products, we may incur substantial expense to remedy the problems and loss of consumer confidence.
failure to continue to obtain or maintain high-quality endorsers of our products could harm our business.
we establish relationships with professional athletes, sports teams and leagues, as well as other public figures, including artists, designers and influencers, to develop, evaluate and promote our products, as well as establish product authenticity with consumers. however, as competition in our industry has increased, the costs associated with establishing and retaining such sponsorships and other relationships have increased. if we are unable to maintain our current associations with professional athletes, sports teams and leagues, or other public figures, or to do so at a reasonable cost, we could lose the high visibility or on-field authenticity associated with our products, and we may be required to modify and substantially increase our marketing investments. as a result, our brands, net revenues, expenses and profitability could be harmed.
furthermore, if certain endorsers were to stop using our products contrary to their endorsement agreements, our business could be adversely affected. in addition, actions taken or statements made by athletes, teams or leagues, or other endorsers, associated with our products that harm the reputations of those athletes, teams or leagues, or endorsers, could also seriously harm our brand image with consumers and, as a result, could have an adverse effect on our sales and financial condition. in addition, poor performance by our endorsers, a failure to continue to correctly identify promising athletes, public figures or sports organizations, to use and endorse our products or a failure to enter into cost-effective endorsement arrangements with prominent athletes, public figures and sports organizations could adversely affect our brand, sales and profitability.
2020 form 10-k economic factors beyond our control, and changes in the global economic environment, including fluctuations in inflation and currency exchange rates, could result in lower revenues, higher costs and decreased margins and earnings.
a majority of our products are manufactured and sold outside of the united states, and we conduct purchase and sale transactions in various currencies, which creates exposure to the volatility of global economic conditions, including fluctuations in inflation and foreign currency exchange rates. additionally, there has been, and may continue to be, volatility in currency exchange rates as a result of the united kingdom's exit from the european union, commonly referred to as "brexit" or new or proposed u.s. policy changes that impact the u.s. dollar value relative to other international currencies. our international revenues and expenses generally are derived from sales and operations in foreign currencies, and these revenues and expenses could be affected by currency fluctuations, specifically amounts recorded in foreign currencies and translated into u.s. dollars for consolidated financial reporting, as weakening of foreign currencies relative to the u.s. dollar adversely affects the u.s. dollar value of the company's foreign currency-denominated sales and earnings. currency exchange rate fluctuations could also disrupt the business of the independent manufacturers that produce our products by making their purchases of raw materials more expensive and more difficult to finance. foreign currency fluctuations have adversely affected and could continue to have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
we may hedge certain foreign currency exposures to lessen and delay, but not to completely eliminate, the effects of foreign currency fluctuations on our financial results. since the hedging activities are designed to lessen volatility, they not only reduce the negative impact of a stronger u.s. dollar or other trading currency, but they also reduce the positive impact of a weaker u.s. dollar or other trading currency. our future financial results could be significantly affected by the value of the u.s. dollar in relation to the foreign currencies in which we conduct business. the degree to which our financial results are affected for any given time period will depend in part upon our hedging activities.
we may be adversely affected by the financial health of our customers.
we extend credit to our customers based on an assessment of a customer's financial condition, generally without requiring collateral. to assist in the scheduling of production and the shipping of our products, we offer certain customers the opportunity to place orders five to six months ahead of delivery under our futures ordering program. these advance orders may be canceled under certain conditions, and the risk of cancellation may increase when dealing with financially unstable retailers or retailers struggling with economic uncertainty. in the past, some customers have experienced financial difficulties up to and including bankruptcies, which have had an adverse effect on our sales, our ability to collect on receivables and our financial condition. when the retail economy weakens or as consumer behavior shifts, retailers may be more cautious with orders. a slowing or changing economy in our key markets could adversely affect the financial health of our customers, which in turn could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. in addition, product sales are dependent in part on high quality merchandising and an appealing retail environment to attract consumers, which requires continuing investments by retailers. retailers that experience financial difficulties may fail to make such investments or delay them, resulting in lower sales and orders for our products.
failure to accurately forecast consumer demand could lead to excess inventories or inventory shortages, which could result in decreased operating margins, reduced cash flows and harm to our business.
to meet anticipated demand for our products, we purchase products from manufacturers outside of our futures ordering program and in advance of customer orders, which we hold in inventory and resell to customers. there is a risk we may be unable to sell excess products ordered from manufacturers. inventory levels in excess of customer demand may result in inventory write-downs, and the sale of excess inventory at discounted prices could significantly impair our brand image and have an adverse effect on our operating results, financial condition and cash flows. conversely, if we underestimate consumer demand for our products or if our manufacturers fail to supply products we require at the time we need them, we may experience inventory shortages. inventory shortages might delay shipments to customers, negatively impact retailer, distributor and consumer relationships and diminish brand loyalty. the difficulty in forecasting demand also makes it difficult to estimate our future results of operations, financial condition and cash flows from period to period. a failure to accurately predict the level of demand for our products could adversely affect our net revenues and net income, and we are unlikely to forecast such effects with any certainty in advance.
our nike direct operations have required and will continue to require a substantial investment and commitment of resources and are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties.
our nike direct operations, including our retail stores and digital platforms, have required and will continue to require significant investment. our nike direct stores have required and will continue to require substantial fixed investment in equipment and leasehold improvements and personnel. we have entered into substantial operating lease commitments for retail space. certain stores have been designed and built to serve as high-profile venues to promote brand awareness and marketing activities and to integrate with our digital platforms. because of their unique design and technological elements, locations and size, these stores require substantially more investment than other stores. due to the high fixed-cost structure associated with our nike direct retail stores, a decline in sales, a shift in consumer behavior away from brick-and-mortar retail, or the closure, temporary or
2020 form 10-k otherwise, or poor performance of individual or multiple stores could result in significant lease termination costs, write-offs of equipment and leasehold improvements and employee-related costs.
many factors unique to retail operations, some of which are beyond our control, pose risks and uncertainties. risks include, but are not limited to: credit card fraud; mismanagement of existing retail channel partners; and inability to manage costs associated with store construction and operation.
in addition, we have made significant investments in digital technologies and information systems for the digital aspect of our nike direct operations, and our digital offerings will require continued investment in the development and upgrading of our technology platforms. in order to deliver high-quality digital experiences, our digital platforms must be designed effectively and work well with a range of other technologies, systems, networks, and standards that we do not control. we may not be successful in developing platforms that operate effectively with these technologies, systems, networks or standards. a growing portion of consumers access our nike direct digital platforms, but in the event that it is more difficult for consumers to access and use our digital platforms, consumers find that our digital platforms do not effectively meet their needs or expectations or consumers choose not to access or use our digital platforms or use devices that do not offer access to our platforms, the success of our nike direct operations could be adversely impacted. our competitors may develop, or have already developed, digital experiences, features, content, services or technologies that are similar to ours or that achieve greater acceptance.
we may not realize a satisfactory return on our investment in our nike direct operations and management's attention from our other business opportunities could be diverted, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
if the technology-based systems that give our consumers the ability to shop or interact with us online do not function effectively, our operating results, as well as our ability to grow our digital commerce business globally or to retain our customer base, could be materially adversely affected.
many of our consumers shop with us through our digital platforms. increasingly, consumers are using mobile-based devices and applications to shop online with us and with our competitors, and to do comparison shopping, as well as to engage with us and our competitors through digital experiences that are offered on mobile platforms. we are increasingly using social media and proprietary mobile applications to interact with our consumers and as a means to enhance their shopping experience. any failure on our part to provide attractive, effective, reliable, user-friendly digital commerce platforms that offer a wide assortment of merchandise with rapid delivery options and that continually meet the changing expectations of online shoppers or any failure to provide attractive digital experiences to our customers could place us at a competitive disadvantage, result in the loss of digital commerce and other sales, harm our reputation with consumers, have a material adverse impact on the growth of our digital commerce business globally and could have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations. in addition, as use of our digital platforms continues to grow, we will need an increasing amount of technical infrastructure to continue to satisfy our consumers' needs. if we fail to continue to effectively scale and adapt our digital platforms to accommodate increased consumer demand, our business may be subject to interruptions, delays or failures and consumer demand for our products and digital experiences could decline.
risks specific to our digital commerce business also include diversion of sales from our and our retailers' brick and mortar stores, difficulty in recreating the in-store experience through direct channels and liability for online content. our failure to successfully respond to these risks might adversely affect sales in our digital commerce business, as well as damage our reputation and brands.
we rely significantly on information technology to operate our business, including our supply chain and retail operations, and any failure, inadequacy or interruption of that technology could harm our ability to effectively operate our business.
we are heavily dependent on information technology systems and networks, including the internet and third-party services ("information technology systems"), across our supply chain, including product design, production, forecasting, ordering, manufacturing, transportation, sales and distribution, as well as for processing financial information for external and internal reporting purposes, retail operations and other business activities. information technology systems are critical to many of our operating activities and our business processes and may be negatively impacted by any service interruption or shutdown. for example, our ability to effectively manage and maintain our inventory and to ship products to customers on a timely basis depends significantly on the reliability of these information technology systems. over a number of years, we have implemented information technology systems in all of the geographical regions in which we operate. our work to integrate, secure and enhance these systems and related processes in our global operations is ongoing and nike will continue to invest in these efforts. we cannot provide assurance, however, that the measures we take to secure and enhance these systems will be sufficient to protect our information technology systems and prevent cyber-attacks, system failures or data or information loss. the failure of these systems to operate effectively, including as a result of security breaches, viruses, hackers, malware, natural disasters, vendor business interruptions or other causes, or failure to properly maintain, protect, repair or upgrade systems, or problems with transitioning to upgraded or replacement systems could cause delays in product fulfillment and reduced efficiency of our operations, could require significant capital investments to remediate the problem which may not be sufficient to cover all
2020 form 10-k eventualities, and may have an adverse effect on our reputation, results of operations and financial condition. further, like other companies in the retail industry, we have in the past experienced, and we expect to continue to experience, cyber-attacks, including phishing, and other attempts to breach, or gain unauthorized access to, our systems. to date, these attacks have not had a material impact on our operations, but we cannot provide assurance that they will not have an impact in the future.
we also use information technology systems to process financial information and results of operations for internal reporting purposes and to comply with regulatory financial reporting, legal and tax requirements. if information technology systems suffer severe damage, disruption or shutdown and our business continuity plans, or those of our vendors, do not effectively resolve the issues in a timely manner, we could experience delays in reporting our financial results, which could result in lost revenues and profits, as well as reputational damage. furthermore, we depend on information technology systems and personal data collection for digital marketing, digital commerce, consumer engagement and the marketing and use of our digital products and services. we also rely on our ability to engage in electronic communications throughout the world between and among our employees as well as with other third parties, including customers, suppliers, vendors and consumers. any interruption in information technology systems may impede our ability to engage in the digital space and result in lost revenues, damage to our reputation, and loss of users.
we are subject to a complex array of laws and regulations and litigation and other legal and regulatory proceedings, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
as a multinational corporation with operations and distribution channels throughout the world, we are subject to and must comply with extensive laws and regulations in the united states and other jurisdictions in which we have operations and distribution channels. if we or our employees, agents, suppliers, and other partners fail to comply with any of these laws or regulations, such failure could subject us to fines, sanctions or other penalties that could negatively affect our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations. we are involved in various types of claims, lawsuits, regulatory proceedings and government investigations relating to our business, our products and the actions of our employees and representatives, including contractual and employment relationships, product liability, antitrust, trademark rights and a variety of other matters. it is not possible to predict with certainty the outcome of any such legal or regulatory proceedings or investigations, and we could in the future incur judgments, fines or penalties, or enter into settlements of lawsuits and claims that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and negatively impact our reputation. the global nature of our business means legal and compliance risks, such as anti-bribery, anti-corruption, fraud, trade, environmental, competition, privacy and other regulatory matters, will continue to exist and additional legal proceedings and other contingencies will arise from time to time, which could adversely affect us. in addition, the adoption of new laws or regulations, or changes in the interpretation of existing laws or regulations, may result in significant unanticipated legal and reputational risks. any current or future legal or regulatory proceedings could divert management's attention from our operations and result in substantial legal fees.
changes to u.s. or other countries' trade policies and tariff and import/export regulations or our failure to comply with such regulations may have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations.
changes in u.s. or international social, political, regulatory and economic conditions could impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. in particular, political and economic instability, geopolitical conflicts, political unrest, civil strife, terrorist activity, acts of war, public corruption, expropriation and other economic or political uncertainties in the united states or internationally could interrupt and negatively affect the sale of our products or other business operations. any negative sentiment toward the united states as a result of any such changes could also adversely affect our business.
in addition, changes in laws and policies governing foreign trade, manufacturing, development and investment in the territories or countries where we currently sell our products or conduct our business could adversely affect our business. the u.s. presidential administration has instituted or proposed changes in trade policies that include the negotiation or termination of trade agreements, the imposition of higher tariffs on imports into the u.s., economic sanctions on individuals, corporations or countries, and other government regulations affecting trade between the u.s. and other countries where we conduct our business. it may be time-consuming and expensive for us to alter our business operations in order to adapt to or comply with any such changes.
changes or proposed changes in u.s. or other countries' trade policies may result in restrictions and economic disincentives on international trade. tariffs and other changes in u.s. trade policy have in the past and could in the future trigger retaliatory actions by affected countries, and certain foreign governments have instituted or are considering imposing retaliatory measures on certain u.s. goods. further, any emerging protectionist or nationalist trends either in the united states or in other countries could affect the trade environment. the company, similar to many other multinational corporations, does a significant amount of business that would be impacted by changes to the trade policies of the united states and foreign countries (including governmental action related to tariffs, international trade agreements, or economic sanctions). such changes have the potential to adversely impact the u.s. economy or certain sectors thereof or the economy of another country in which we conduct operations, our industry and the global demand for our products, and as a result, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
2020 form 10-k failure to adequately protect or enforce our intellectual property rights could adversely affect our business.
we periodically discover counterfeit reproductions of our products or products that otherwise infringe our intellectual property rights. if we are unsuccessful in enforcing our intellectual property rights, continued sales of these products could adversely affect our sales and our brand and could result in a shift of consumer preference away from our products.
the actions we take to establish and protect our intellectual property rights may not be adequate to prevent imitation of our products by others. we also may be unable to prevent others from seeking to block sales of our products as violations of proprietary rights.
we may be subject to liability if third parties successfully claim we infringe on their intellectual property rights. defending infringement claims could be expensive and time-consuming and might result in our entering into costly license agreements. we also may be subject to significant damages or injunctions against development, use, importation and/or sale of certain products.
we take various actions to prevent the unauthorized use and/or disclosure of our confidential information and intellectual property rights. these actions include contractual measures such as entering into non-disclosure and non-compete agreements and agreements relating to our collaborations with third parties and providing confidential information awareness training. our controls and efforts to prevent unauthorized use and/or disclosure of confidential information and intellectual property rights might not always be effective. for example, confidential information related to business strategy, innovations, new technologies, mergers and acquisitions, unpublished financial results or personal data could be prematurely, inadvertently, or improperly used and/or disclosed, resulting in a loss of reputation, loss of intellectual property rights, a decline in our stock price and/or a negative impact on our market position, and could lead to damages, fines, penalties or injunctions.
in addition, the laws of certain countries may not protect or allow enforcement of intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the united states. we may face significant expenses and liability in connection with the protection of our intellectual property rights, including outside the united states, and if we are unable to successfully protect our rights or resolve intellectual property conflicts with others, our business or financial condition may be adversely affected.
we are subject to data security and privacy risks that could negatively affect our results, operations or reputation.
in addition to our own sensitive and proprietary business information, we handle transactional and personal information about our wholesale customers and consumers and users of our digital experiences, which include online distribution channels and product engagement, adaptive products and personal fitness applications. hackers and data thieves are increasingly sophisticated and operate social engineering, such as phishing, and large-scale, complex automated attacks that can evade detection for long periods of time. any breach of our or our service providers' network, or other vendor systems, may result in the loss of confidential business and financial data, misappropriation of our consumers', users' or employees' personal information or a disruption of our business. any of these outcomes could have a material adverse effect on our business, including unwanted media attention, impairment of our consumer and customer relationships, damage to our reputation; resulting in lost sales and consumers, fines, lawsuits, or significant legal and remediation expenses. we also may need to expend significant resources to protect against, respond to and/or redress problems caused by any breach.
in addition, we must comply with increasingly complex and rigorous, and sometimes conflicting, regulatory standards enacted to protect business and personal data in the united states, europe and elsewhere. for example, the european union adopted the general data protection regulation (the "gdpr"), which became effective on may 25, 2018; and california passed the california consumer privacy act (the "ccpa") which became effective on january 1, 2020. these laws impose additional obligations on companies regarding the handling of personal data and provide certain individual privacy rights to persons whose data is stored. compliance with existing, proposed and recently enacted laws (including implementation of the privacy and process enhancements called for under gdpr and ccpa) and regulations can be costly and time consuming, and any failure to comply with these regulatory standards could subject us to legal and reputational risks. misuse of or failure to secure personal information could also result in violation of data privacy laws and regulations, proceedings against the company by governmental entities or others, imposition of fines by governmental authorities and damage to our reputation and credibility and could have a negative impact on revenues and profits.
our international operations involve inherent risks which could result in harm to our business.
virtually all of our athletic footwear and apparel is manufactured outside of the united states, and the majority of our products are sold outside of the united states. accordingly, we are subject to the risks generally associated with global trade and doing business abroad, which include foreign laws and regulations, varying consumer preferences across geographic regions, political unrest, disruptions or delays in cross-border shipments and changes in economic conditions in countries in which our products are manufactured or where we sell products. this includes, for example, the uncertainty surrounding the effect of brexit, including changes to the legal and regulatory framework that apply to the united kingdom and its relationship with the european union, as well as new and proposed changes affecting tax laws and trade policy in the united states and elsewhere as further described below under "we could be subject to changes in tax rates, adoption of new tax laws, additional tax liabilities or increased volatility in our effective tax rate" and "changes to u.s. or other countries' trade policies and tariff and import/export regulations or our failure to comply with such regulations may have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition and
2020 form 10-k results of operations." the u.s. presidential administration has indicated a focus on policy reforms that discourage u.s. corporations from outsourcing manufacturing and production activities to foreign jurisdictions, including through tariffs or penalties on goods manufactured outside the united states, which may require us to change the way we conduct business and adversely affect our results of operations. the administration has also targeted the specific practices of certain u.s. multinational corporations in public statements which, if directed at us, could harm our reputation or otherwise negatively impact our business.
in addition, disease outbreaks, including the current covid-19 pandemic, terrorist acts and military conflict have increased the risks of doing business abroad. these factors, among others, could affect our ability to manufacture products or procure materials, our ability to import products, our ability to sell products in international markets and our cost of doing business. if any of these or other factors make the conduct of business in a particular country undesirable or impractical, our business could be adversely affected. in addition, many of our imported products are subject to duties, tariffs or quotas that affect the cost and quantity of various types of goods imported into the united states and other countries. any country in which our products are produced or sold may eliminate, adjust or impose new quotas, duties, tariffs, safeguard measures, anti-dumping duties, cargo restrictions to prevent terrorism, restrictions on the transfer of currency, climate change legislation, product safety regulations or other charges or restrictions, any of which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
furthermore, we are subject to the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act as well as the anti-corruption laws of other countries in which we operate. although we implement policies and procedures designed to promote compliance with these laws, our employees, contractors and agents, as well as those companies to which we outsource certain of our business operations, may take actions in violation of our policies. any such violation could result in sanctions or other penalties and have an adverse effect on our business, reputation and operating results.
our products are subject to risks associated with overseas sourcing, manufacturing and financing.
the principal materials used in our apparel products - natural and synthetic fabrics and threads, specialized performance fabrics designed to efficiently wick moisture away from the body, retain heat or repel rain and/or snow as well as plastic and metal hardware - are available in countries where our manufacturing takes place. the principal materials used in our footwear products - natural and synthetic rubber, plastic compounds, foam cushioning materials, natural and synthetic leather, natural and synthetic fabrics and threads, nylon, canvas and polyurethane films - are also locally available to manufacturers. both our apparel and footwear products are dependent upon the ability of our unaffiliated contract manufacturers to locate, train, employ and retain adequate personnel. nike contractors and suppliers buy raw materials and are subject to wage rates that are oftentimes regulated by the governments of the countries in which our products are manufactured.
there could be a significant disruption in the supply of fabrics or raw materials from current sources or, in the event of a disruption, our contract manufacturers might not be able to locate alternative suppliers of materials of comparable quality at an acceptable price or at all. further, our unaffiliated contract manufacturers have experienced and may continue to experience in the future, unexpected increases in work wages, whether government mandated or otherwise and increases in compliance costs due to governmental regulation concerning certain metals used in the manufacturing of our products. in addition, we cannot be certain that our unaffiliated manufacturers will be able to fill our orders in a timely manner. if we experience significant increases in demand, or reductions in the availability of materials, or need to replace an existing manufacturer, there can be no assurance additional supplies of fabrics or raw materials or additional manufacturing capacity will be available when required on terms acceptable to us, or at all, or that any supplier or manufacturer would allocate sufficient capacity to us in order to meet our requirements. in addition, even if we are able to expand existing or find new manufacturing or sources of materials, we may encounter delays in production and added costs as a result of the time it takes to train suppliers and manufacturers in our methods, products, quality control standards and labor, health and safety standards. any delays, interruption or increased costs in labor or wages, or the supply of materials or manufacture of our products could have an adverse effect on our ability to meet retail customer and consumer demand for our products and result in lower revenues and net income both in the short- and long-term.
because independent manufacturers make a majority of our products outside of our principal sales markets, our products must be transported by third parties over large geographic distances. delays in the shipment or delivery of our products due to the availability of transportation, work stoppages, port strikes, infrastructure congestion or other factors, and costs and delays associated with consolidating or transitioning between manufacturers, could adversely impact our financial performance. in addition, manufacturing delays or unexpected demand for our products may require us to use faster, but more expensive, transportation methods such as air freight, which could adversely affect our profit margins. the cost of oil is a significant component in manufacturing and transportation costs, so increases in the price of petroleum products can adversely affect our profit margins. changes in u.s. trade policies, including new and potential changes to import tariffs and existing trade policies and agreements, could also have a significant impact on our activities in foreign jurisdictions, and could adversely affect our results of operations.
in addition, sojitz america performs import-export financing services and purchasing services for nike brand products sold in certain countries and any failure of sojitz america to provide these services or any failure of sojitz america's banks could have an
2020 form 10-k adverse effect on our ability to acquire products from our suppliers and to deliver products to our customers in the countries in which sojitz provides services, which could in turn adversely affect our sales and profitability.
we could be subject to changes in tax rates, adoption of new tax laws, additional tax liabilities or increased volatility in our effective tax rate.
we are subject to the tax laws in the united states and numerous foreign jurisdictions. current economic and political conditions make tax laws and regulations, or their interpretation and application, in any jurisdiction subject to significant change.
we earn a substantial portion of our income in foreign countries and are subject to the tax laws of those jurisdictions. for example, effective january 1, 2020, the tax law in the netherlands, one of the company's major jurisdictions, changed.
other proposals to reform foreign tax laws could significantly impact how u.s. multinational corporations are taxed on foreign earnings. although we cannot predict whether or in what form these proposals will pass, several of the proposals considered, if enacted into law, could have an adverse impact on our income tax expense and cash flows.
portions of our operations are subject to a reduced tax rate or are free of tax under various tax holidays and rulings. we also utilize tax rulings and other agreements to obtain certainty in treatment of certain tax matters. these holidays and rulings expire in whole or in part from time to time and may be extended when certain conditions are met, or terminated if certain conditions are not met. the impact of any changes in conditions would be the loss of certainty in treatment thus potentially impacting our effective income tax rate. for example, in january 2019, the european commission opened a formal investigation to examine whether the netherlands has breached state aid rules when granting certain tax rulings to the company. if this matter is adversely resolved, the netherlands may be required to assess additional amounts with respect to current and prior periods and the company's netherlands income taxes in the future could increase.
we are also subject to the examination of our tax returns by the united states internal revenue service ("irs") and other tax authorities. we regularly assess the likelihood of an adverse outcome resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of its provision for income taxes. although we believe our tax provisions are adequate, the final determination of tax audits and any related disputes could be materially different from our historical income tax provisions and accruals. the results of audits or related disputes could have an adverse effect on our financial statements for the period or periods for which the applicable final determinations are made. for example, we and our subsidiaries are also engaged in a number of intercompany transactions across multiple tax jurisdictions. although we believe we have clearly reflected the economics of these transactions and the proper local transfer pricing documentation is in place, tax authorities may propose and sustain adjustments that could result in changes that may impact our mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates.
consolidation of retailers or concentration of retail market share among a few retailers may increase and concentrate our credit risk and impair our ability to sell products.
the athletic footwear, apparel and equipment retail markets in some countries are dominated by a few large athletic footwear, apparel and equipment retailers with many stores and accelerating digital commerce capabilities. the market shares of these retailers may increase through acquisitions and construction of additional stores and investments in digital capacity, and as a result of attrition as struggling retailers exit the market. consolidation of our retailers will concentrate our credit risk with a smaller set of retailers, any of whom may experience declining sales or a shortage of liquidity, including as a result of the covid-19 pandemic. in addition, increasing market share concentration among a few retailers in a particular country or region increases the risk that if any one of them substantially reduces their purchases of our products, we may be unable to find sufficient retail outlets for our products to sustain the same level of sales and revenues.
we are subject to the risk our licensees may not generate expected sales or maintain the value of our brands.
we currently license, and expect to continue licensing, certain of our proprietary rights, such as trademarks or copyrighted material, to third parties. if our licensees fail to successfully market and sell licensed products, or fail to obtain sufficient capital or effectively manage their business operations, customer relationships, labor relationships, supplier relationships or credit risks, it could adversely affect our revenues, both directly from reduced royalties received and indirectly from reduced sales of our other products.
we also rely on our licensees to help preserve the value of our brands. although we attempt to protect our brands through approval rights over the design, production processes, quality, packaging, merchandising, distribution, advertising and promotion of our licensed products, we cannot completely control the use of our licensed brands by our licensees. the misuse of a brand by or negative publicity involving a licensee could have a material adverse effect on that brand and on us.
failure of our contractors or our licensees' contractors to comply with our code of conduct, local laws and other standards could harm our business.
we work with hundreds of contractors outside of the united states to manufacture our products, and we also have license agreements that permit unaffiliated parties to manufacture or contract for the manufacture of products using our intellectual property. we require the contractors that directly manufacture our products and our licensees that make products using our intellectual property (including, indirectly, their contract manufacturers) to comply with a code of conduct and other environmental,
2020 form 10-k health and safety standards for the benefit of workers. we also require our direct contractors and the contractors of our licensees to comply with applicable standards for product safety. notwithstanding their contractual obligations, from time to time contractors may not comply with such standards or applicable local law or our licensees may fail to enforce such standards or applicable local law on their contractors. if one or more of our direct or indirect contractors violates or fails to comply with or is accused of violating or failing to comply with such standards and laws, this could harm our reputation or result in a product recall and, as a result, could have an adverse effect on our sales and financial condition. negative publicity regarding production methods, alleged unethical or illegal practices or workplace or related conditions of any of our suppliers, manufacturers or licensees could adversely affect our brand image and sales, force us to locate alternative suppliers, manufacturers or licenses or result in the imposition of additional regulations, including new or additional quotas, tariffs, product safety regulations or other regulatory measures, by governmental authorities.
if one or more of our counterparty financial institutions default on their obligations to us or fail, we may incur significant losses.
as part of our hedging activities, we enter into transactions involving derivative financial instruments, which may include forward contracts, commodity futures contracts, option contracts, collars and swaps with various financial institutions. in addition, we have significant amounts of cash, cash equivalents and other investments on deposit or in accounts with banks or other financial institutions in the united states and abroad. as a result, we are exposed to the risk of default by or failure of counterparty financial institutions. the risk of counterparty default or failure may be heightened during economic downturns and periods of uncertainty in the financial markets. if one of our counterparties were to become insolvent or file for bankruptcy, our ability to recover losses incurred as a result of default, or our assets deposited or held in accounts with such counterparty, may be limited by the counterparty's liquidity or the applicable laws governing the insolvency or bankruptcy proceedings. in the event of default or failure of one or more of our counterparties, we could incur significant losses, which could negatively impact our results of operations and financial condition.
we rely on a concentrated source base of contract manufacturers to supply a significant portion of our footwear products.
nike is supplied by 122 footwear factories located in 12 countries. we do not own or operate any of the footwear manufacturing facilities and depend upon independent contract manufacturers to manufacture all of the footwear products we sell. in fiscal 2020, four footwear contract manufacturers each accounted for greater than 10% of fiscal 2020 footwear production and in aggregate accounted for approximately 61% of nike brand footwear production in fiscal 2020. our ability to meet our customers' needs depends on our ability to maintain a steady supply of products from our independent contract manufacturers. if one or more of our significant suppliers were to sever their relationship with us or significantly alter the terms of our relationship, including due to changes in applicable trade policies, or be unable to perform, including as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, we may not be able to obtain replacement products in a timely manner, which could have a material adverse effect on our sales, financial condition or results of operations. additionally, if any of our primary contract manufacturers fail to make timely shipments, do not meet our quality standards or otherwise fail to deliver us product in accordance with our plans, there could be a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
certain of our manufacturers are highly specialized and only produce a specific type of product. such manufacturing partners may go out of business if consumer preferences or market conditions change such that there is no longer sufficient demand for the types of products they produce. if, in the future, the relevant products are again in demand and the specialized manufacturers no longer exist, we may not be able to locate replacement facilities to manufacture certain products in a timely manner or at all, which could have a material adverse effect on our sales, financial condition or results of operations.
our success depends on our global distribution facilities.
we distribute our products to customers directly from the factory and through distribution centers located throughout the world. our ability to meet customer expectations, manage inventory, complete sales and achieve objectives for operating efficiencies and growth, particularly in emerging markets, depends on the proper operation of our distribution facilities, the development or expansion of additional distribution capabilities and the timely performance of services by third parties (including those involved in shipping product to and from our distribution facilities). our distribution facilities have in the past and could be interrupted by information technology problems, disasters such as earthquakes or fires or outbreaks of disease or government actions taken to mitigate their spread. any significant failure in our distribution facilities could result in an adverse effect on our business. we maintain business interruption insurance, but it may not adequately protect us from adverse effects caused by significant disruptions in our distribution facilities.
the market for prime real estate is competitive.
our ability to effectively obtain real estate to open new retail stores and otherwise conduct our operations, both domestically and internationally, depends on the availability of real estate that meets our criteria for traffic, square footage, co-tenancies, lease economics, demographics and other factors. we also must be able to effectively renew our existing real estate leases. in addition, from time to time, we seek to downsize, consolidate, reposition or close some of our real estate locations, which may require modification of an existing lease. failure to secure adequate new locations or successfully modify leases for existing
2020 form 10-k locations, or failure to effectively manage the profitability of our existing fleet of retail stores, could have an adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition.
additionally, the economic environment may make it difficult to determine the fair market rent of real estate properties domestically and internationally. this could impact the quality of our decisions to exercise lease options at previously negotiated rents and to renew expiring leases at negotiated rents. any adverse effect on the quality of these decisions could impact our ability to retain real estate locations adequate to meet our targets or efficiently manage the profitability of our existing fleet of stores, which could have an adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition.
extreme weather conditions and natural disasters could negatively impact our operating results and financial condition.
extreme weather conditions in the areas in which our retail stores, suppliers, manufacturers, customers, distribution centers, headquarters and vendors are located could adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. moreover, natural disasters such as earthquakes, hurricanes and tsunamis, whether occurring in the united states or abroad, and their related consequences and effects, including energy shortages and public health issues, have in the past temporarily disrupted, and could in the future disrupt, our operations, the operations of our vendors, manufacturers and other suppliers or have in the past and could result in economic instability that may negatively impact our operating results and financial condition. in particular, if a natural disaster were to occur in an area in which we or our suppliers, manufacturers, customers, distribution centers and vendors are located, our continued success would depend, in part, on the safety and availability of the relevant personnel and facilities and proper functioning of our or third parties' computer, telecommunication and other systems and operations. in addition, a severe weather event could negatively impact retail traffic to our stores or stores that carry our products and could have an adverse impact on consumer spending, any of which could in turn result in negative point-of-sale trends for our merchandise. further, climate change may increase both the frequency and severity of extreme weather conditions and natural disasters, which may affect our business operations, either in a particular region or globally, as well as the activities of our third-party vendors and other suppliers, manufacturers and customers. in addition, the physical changes prompted by climate change could result in changes in regulations or consumer preferences, which could in turn affect our business, operating results and financial condition. we believe the diversity of locations in which we operate, our operational size and our information technology systems position us well, but if we were to experience a local or regional disaster or other business continuity event, we could still experience operational challenges, in particular depending upon how a local or regional event may affect our human capital across our operations or with regard to particular aspects of our operations, such as key executive officers or personnel. further, if we are unable to find alternative suppliers, replace capacity at key manufacturing or distribution locations or quickly repair damage to our information technology systems or supply systems, we could be late in delivering, or be unable to deliver, products to our customers. these events could result in reputational damage, lost sales, cancellation charges or markdowns, all of which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
our financial results may be adversely affected if substantial investments in businesses and operations fail to produce expected returns.
from time to time, we may invest in technology, business infrastructure, new businesses, product offering and manufacturing innovation and expansion of existing businesses, such as our nike direct operations, which require substantial cash investments and management attention. we believe cost-effective investments are essential to business growth and profitability; however, significant investments are subject to typical risks and uncertainties inherent in developing a new business or expanding an existing business. the failure of any significant investment to provide expected returns or profitability could have a material adverse effect on our financial results and divert management attention from more profitable business operations. see also "our nike direct operations have required and will continue to require a substantial investment and commitment of resources and are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties."
the success of our business depends, in part, on high-quality employees, including key personnel as well as our ability to maintain our workplace culture and values.
our success depends in part on the continued service of high-quality employees, including key executive officers and personnel. the loss of the services of key individuals, or any negative perception with respect to these individuals, or our workplace culture or values, could harm our business. our success also depends on our ability to recruit, retain and engage our personnel sufficiently, both to maintain our current business and to execute our strategic initiatives. competition for employees in our industry is intense and we may not be successful in attracting and retaining such personnel. in addition, shifts in u.s. immigration policy could negatively impact our ability to attract, hire and retain highly skilled employees who are from outside the united states. we also believe that our corporate culture has been a key driver of our success, and we have invested substantial time and resources in building, maintaining and evolving our culture. any failure to preserve and evolve our culture could negatively affect our future success, including our ability to retain and recruit employees.
2020 form 10-k our business operations and financial performance could be adversely affected by changes in our relationship with our workforce or changes to united states or foreign employment regulations.
we have significant exposure to changes in domestic and foreign laws governing our relationships with our workforce, including wage and hour laws and regulations, fair labor standards, minimum wage requirements, overtime pay, unemployment tax rates, workers' compensation rates, citizenship requirements and payroll taxes, which could have a direct impact on our operating costs. a significant increase in minimum wage or overtime rates in countries where we have workforces could have a significant impact on our operating costs and may require that we relocate those operations or take other steps to mitigate such increases, all of which may cause us to incur additional costs. there is also a risk of potential claims that we have violated laws related to discrimination and harassment, health and safety, wage and hour laws, criminal activity, personal injury and other claims. in addition, if there were a significant increase in the number of members of our workforce who are members of labor organizations or become parties to collective bargaining agreements, we could be vulnerable to a strike, work stoppage or other labor action, which could have an adverse effect on our business.
the sale of a large number of shares of common stock by our principal stockholder could depress the market price of our common stock.
as of june 30, 2020, swoosh, llc beneficially owned approximately 75% of our class a common stock. if, on june 30, 2020, all of these shares were converted into class b common stock, the commensurate ownership percentage of our class b common stock would be approximately 16%. the shares are available for resale, subject to the requirements of the u.s. securities laws and the terms of the limited liability company agreement governing swoosh, llc. the sale or prospect of a sale of a substantial number of these shares could have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock. swoosh, llc was formed by philip h. knight, our chairman emeritus, to hold the majority of his shares of class a common stock. swoosh, llc is controlled by mr. knight's son and nike director, travis knight.
changes in our credit ratings or macroeconomic conditions may affect our liquidity, increasing borrowing costs and limiting our financing options.
our long-term debt is currently rated investment grade by standard & poor's and moody's investors service. if our credit ratings are lowered, borrowing costs for our existing facilities or for future long-term debt or short-term credit facilities may increase and our financing options, including our access to the unsecured credit market or the capital markets, could be adversely affected. we may also be subject to restrictive covenants that would reduce our flexibility to, among other things, incur additional indebtedness, make restricted payments, pledge assets as security, make investments, loans, advances, guarantees and acquisitions, undergo fundamental changes and enter into transactions with affiliates. failure to comply with such covenants could result in a default, and as a result, the commitments of our lenders under our credit agreements may be terminated and the maturity of amounts owed may be accelerated. in addition, macroeconomic conditions, such as increased volatility or disruption in the credit markets, could adversely affect our ability to refinance existing debt.
if our internal controls are ineffective, our operating results could be adversely affected.
our internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements because of its inherent limitations, including the possibility of human error, the circumvention or overriding of controls or fraud. even effective internal controls can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to the preparation and fair presentation of financial statements. if we fail to maintain the adequacy of our internal controls, including any failure to implement required new or improved controls, or if we experience difficulties in their implementation, our business and operating results could be harmed and we could fail to meet our financial reporting obligations.
if our estimates or judgments relating to our critical accounting policies prove to be incorrect, our operating results could be adversely affected.
the preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. we base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, as provided in "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations." the results of these estimates form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets, liabilities and equity, and the amount of revenues and expenses that are not readily apparent from other sources. significant assumptions and estimates used in preparing our consolidated financial statements include those related to revenue recognition, inventory reserves, contingent payments under endorsement contracts, accounting for property, plant and equipment and definite-lived assets, hedge accounting for derivatives, stock-based compensation, income taxes and other contingencies. our operating results may be adversely affected if our assumptions change or if actual circumstances differ from those in our assumptions, which could cause our operating results to fall below the expectations of securities analysts and investors, resulting in a decline in the price of our class b common stock.
2020 form 10-k anti-takeover provisions may impair an acquisition of the company or reduce the price of our common stock.
there are provisions within our articles of incorporation and oregon law intended to protect shareholder interests by providing the board of directors a means to attempt to deny coercive takeover attempts or to negotiate with a potential acquirer in order to obtain more favorable terms. such provisions include a control share acquisition statute, a freeze-out statute, two classes of stock that vote separately on certain issues, and the fact that holders of class a common stock elect three-quarters of the board of directors rounded down to the next whole number. however, such provisions could discourage, delay or prevent an unsolicited merger, acquisition or other change in control of our company that some shareholders might believe to be in their best interests or in which shareholders might receive a premium for their common stock over the prevailing market price. these provisions could also discourage proxy contests for control of the company.
we may fail to meet market expectations, which could cause the price of our stock to decline.
our class b common stock is traded publicly, and at any given time various securities analysts follow our financial results and issue reports on us. these reports include information about our historical financial results as well as analysts' opinions of our future performance, which may, in part, be based upon any guidance we have provided. analysts' estimates are often different from our estimates or expectations. if our operating results are below the estimates or expectations of public market analysts and investors, our stock price could decline. in the past, securities class action litigation has been brought against nike and other companies following a decline in the market price of their securities. if our stock price is volatile for any reason, we may become involved in this type of litigation in the future. any litigation could result in reputational damage, substantial costs and a diversion of management's attention and resources needed to successfully run our business.

item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations nike designs, develops, markets and sells athletic footwear, apparel, equipment, accessories and services worldwide. we are the largest seller of athletic footwear and apparel in the world. we sell our products through nike-owned retail stores and through digital platforms (which we refer to collectively as our "nike direct" operations), to retail accounts and to a mix of independent distributors, licensees and sales representatives in virtually all countries around the world. our goal is to deliver value to our shareholders by building a profitable global portfolio of branded footwear, apparel, equipment and accessories businesses. our strategy is to achieve long-term revenue growth by creating innovative, "must-have" products, building deep personal consumer connections with our brands and delivering compelling consumer experiences through digital platforms and at retail.
since fiscal 2018, through the consumer direct offense and our triple double strategy, we have focused on doubling the impact of innovation, increasing our speed and agility to market and growing our direct connections with consumers. in june 2020, we announced a new digitally empowered phase of the consumer direct offense strategy: consumer direct acceleration. this strategic acceleration will focus on three specific areas. first, creating the marketplace of the future through more premium, consistent and seamless consumer experiences that more closely align with what consumers want and need. this strategy will lead with nike digital and our own stores, as well as through select strategic partners who share our marketplace vision. second, we will align our product creation and category organizations around a new consumer construct focused on men's, women's and kids'. this approach allows us to create product that better meets individual consumer needs, including more specialization of our category approach, while re-aligning and simplifying our offense to accelerate our largest growth opportunities. in particular, we'll be reinvesting in our women's and kids' businesses and will also simplify our operating model across the remainder of the company to optimize effectiveness. third, we will unify investments in data and analytics, demand sensing, insight gathering, inventory management and other areas against an end-to-end technology foundation to accelerate our digital transformation. we believe this unified approach will accelerate growth and unlock more efficiency for our business, while driving speed and responsiveness as we serve consumers globally.
on july 22, 2020, management announced a series of leadership and operating model changes to streamline and speed up strategic execution. these changes are expected to lead to a net loss of jobs, resulting in pre-tax, one-time employee termination costs of approximately $200 million to $250 million, which is expected to be incurred primarily during the first half of fiscal 2021, in the form of cash expenditures. these amounts are subject to change until such time as all details are finalized.
this next phase of our consumer direct offense is expected to drive sustainable growth and profitability as we accelerate nike to a digital-first company. we are committed to the execution of this strategy, despite the short-term adverse impacts to our business from a novel strain of coronavirus (covid-19). as such, our long-term financial goals on average, per year, remain the same and are outlined below:
•   high single-digit revenue growth;
•   gross margin expansion of as much as 50 basis points;
•   slight selling and administrative expense leverage;
•   mid-teens earnings per share growth; and
•   low-thirties percentage rate of return on invested capital.
covid-19 update covid-19 was first identified in wuhan, china in december 2019, and subsequently declared a pandemic by the world health organization. to date, covid-19 has surfaced in nearly all regions around the world and resulted in travel restrictions and business slowdowns or shutdowns in affected areas. as a result, covid-19 has impacted our business globally, including through store closures, reduced operating hours and decreased retail traffic. in particular, the outbreak and preventive measures taken to help curb the spread had material adverse impacts on our operations and business results in greater china during the third quarter of fiscal 2020, following the temporary closure of, or reduced operating hours in, approximately 75% of nike-owned and partner stores within the region. during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020, our results of operations were further impacted as approximately 90% of our nike brand stores across north america, emea and apla, excluding korea, were closed for approximately 8 weeks. the majority of converse direct to consumer stores were also closed for a significant portion of the fourth quarter. additionally, certain of our wholesale partners closed stores or reduced operating hours during the fourth quarter, resulting in lower than expected sales and a slowing of receipt of shipments of our products. the combined effect of store closures and reduced wholesale shipments caused higher than normal inventory levels at may 31, 2020, as inventories grew 31% compared to the prior year. in order to manage future inventory growth and ensure a return to normalized levels we are modifying our buying plans and canceling certain pre-covid-19 factory purchases, shifting product offer dates to meet near-term demand, as well as shifting available inventory into our digital channel and increasing digital fulfillment capacity specifically in
2020 form 10-k north america and emea. additionally, we are investing in targeted promotions and markdowns to accelerate liquidation of excess inventory while continuing to protect the long-term health of our product franchises.
covid-19 also impacted our distribution centers, our third-party manufacturing partners and other vendors, including through the effects of facility closures, reductions in operating hours, labor shortages and real time changes in operating procedures to accommodate social distancing guidelines and additional cleaning and disinfection procedures.
in response to the uncertainty of the pandemic described above, we enhanced our liquidity position during the fourth quarter through the issuance of $6 billion in senior unsecured notes, the temporary suspension of our share repurchase program and by entering into a new committed credit facility agreement, which provides for an additional $2 billion of borrowings. refer to liquidity and capital resources for additional discussion.
throughout the third and fourth quarter of fiscal 2020, our digital commerce remained open, supported by the employees in the distribution centers. during the fourth quarter, nike brand digital remained our fastest growing channel, growing 79% on a currency-neutral basis with each of our geographies growing over 50%. beginning in mid-may, stores within our nike direct operations gradually began reopening. as of july 17, 2020, over 90% of our nike direct stores have reopened across the globe, with 100% open in greater china, over 90% open in both emea and north america, and apla open over 70%. as of july 17, 2020, substantially all converse direct to consumer stores have reopened to serve consumers.
we continue to monitor the rapidly evolving situation and guidance from international and domestic authorities, including federal, state and local public health authorities and may take additional actions based on their recommendations. in these circumstances, there may be developments outside our control requiring us to adjust our operating plan. as such, given the dynamic nature of this situation, the company cannot reasonably estimate the impacts of covid-19 on our future financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. however, we do expect they will have a material adverse impact on our future revenue growth as well as our overall profitability and may continue to lead to higher than normal inventory levels in various markets, revised payment terms with certain of our wholesale customers, higher sales-related reserves, factory cancellation costs and a volatile effective tax rate driven by changes in the mix of earnings across the company's jurisdictions.
on march 27, 2020, in response to covid-19, the united states government enacted the coronavirus aid, relief, and economic security act (the "cares act"). the cares act is a relief package consisting of various stimulus measures, such as tax payment deferrals, various business incentives and makes certain technical corrections to the u.s. tax cuts and jobs act of 2017. the enactment of such legislation, while favorable, did not have a material impact on our fiscal 2020 consolidated financial statements.
fiscal 2020 overview fiscal 2020 nike, inc. revenues declined 4% to $37.4 billion, as revenue growth of 7% for the first nine months of fiscal 2020 was more than offset by a 38% decline in the fourth quarter due to the impacts of covid-19. the nike brand, which represents over 90% of nike, inc. revenues, experienced a 4% decline, down 2% on a currency-neutral basis, driven by declines across nearly all geographies, partially offset by 11% currency-neutral growth in greater china. nike direct grew 8% on a currency-neutral basis driven by 49% growth in digital, with all geographies growing strong double digits, while wholesale revenues declined 7%. revenues for converse declined 3% and 1%, on a reported and currency-neutral basis, respectively, as revenue growth in asia was more than offset by declines in north america, europe and licensee markets.
income before income taxes decreased 40% for fiscal 2020, primarily due to lower revenues and gross margin resulting from the impacts of covid-19, as well as higher selling and administrative expense. for the first nine months of fiscal 2020, gross margin expanded 30 basis points compared to the first nine months of fiscal 2019. however, this was more than offset by a decline of 820 basis points in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020, primarily due the impacts of covid-19. for fiscal 2020, nike, inc. gross margin decreased 130 basis points as higher full-price average selling price (asp), on a wholesale equivalent basis, was more than offset by higher product costs due to incremental tariffs in the u.s., as well as factory cancellation charges, higher inventory obsolescence reserves and the negative rate impacts of supply chain costs on a lower volume of wholesale shipments in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020. selling and administrative expense increased, due to higher operating overhead expense partially offset by lower demand creation expense. operating overhead expense increased due to higher wage-related expenses, as a result of our continued investment in end-to-end digital capabilities, and higher bad debt expense, partially offset by lower travel and related spend. demand creation expense decreased primarily due to lower retail brand presentation costs and sports marketing expenses as sporting events were postponed or canceled and a majority of stores were closed globally during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020. these decreases were partially offset by higher digital brand marketing costs.
diluted earnings per common share reflects a 2% decline in the weighted average diluted common shares outstanding, driven by our share repurchase program.
as we continue to execute against the consumer direct offense, we are focused on optimizing country operating models across our global portfolio and we remain committed to investing in our most significant growth opportunities. during the third quarter of fiscal 2020, we announced our intention to sell our nike brand businesses in brazil, argentina, chile and uruguay to strategic third-party distributors in an effort to more personally serve consumers in these respective marketplaces while driving
2020 form 10-k sustainable, profitable growth. these transactions are expected to close in the first half of fiscal 2021. as a result of this decision, the related assets and liabilities of these entities were classified as held-for-sale on the consolidated balance sheets as of may 31, 2020. additionally, we recognized a non-recurring impairment charge of $405 million, within other (income) expense, net on the consolidated statements of income, classified within corporate. this charge was primarily due to the anticipated release of non-cash cumulative foreign currency translation losses, and could fluctuate due to changes in exchange rates up to the date of close. in future quarters, as we shift from a wholesale and direct to consumer operating model to a distributor operating model within these countries, we expect consolidated nike, inc. and apla revenue growth will be reduced due to differences in commercial terms. however, we expect the future operating model to have a favorable impact on our overall profitability as we reduce selling and administrative expenses, as well as lessen exposure to foreign exchange rate volatility.
on october 29, 2019, we signed a definitive agreement to sell the assets and liabilities of our wholly-owned subsidiary brand, hurley. the transaction closed on december 6, 2019, and the impacts of the divestiture are not considered material to the company.
while foreign currency markets remain volatile, in part due to geopolitical dynamics leading to a stronger u.s. dollar, we continue to see opportunities to drive future growth and profitability. we remain committed to effectively managing our business to achieve our financial goals over the long-term by executing against the operational strategies outlined above.
for discussion related to the results of operations and changes in financial condition for fiscal 2019 compared to fiscal 2018 refer to part ii, item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in our fiscal 2019 form 10-k, which was filed with the united states securities and exchange commission on july 23, 2019.
use of non-gaap financial measures throughout this annual report on form 10-k, we discuss non-gaap financial measures, including references to wholesale equivalent revenues, currency-neutral revenues, as well as total nike brand earnings before interest and taxes (ebit) and total nike, inc. ebit, which should be considered in addition to, and not in lieu of, the financial measures calculated and presented in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america ("u.s. gaap"). references to wholesale equivalent revenues are intended to provide context as to the total size of our nike brand market footprint if we had no nike direct operations. nike brand wholesale equivalent revenues consist of (1) sales to external wholesale customers and (2) internal sales from our wholesale operations to our nike direct operations, which are charged at prices comparable to those charged to external wholesale customers. additionally, currency-neutral revenues are calculated using actual exchange rates in use during the comparative prior year period to enhance the visibility of the underlying business trends excluding the impact of translation arising from foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. ebit is calculated as net income before interest expense (income), net and income tax expense in the consolidated statements of income.
management uses these non-gaap financial measures when evaluating the company's performance, including when making financial and operating decisions. additionally, management believes these non-gaap financial measures provide investors with additional financial information that should be considered when assessing our underlying business performance and trends. however, references to wholesale equivalent revenues, currency-neutral revenues and ebit should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for other financial measures calculated and presented in accordance with u.s. gaap and may not be comparable to similarly titled non-gaap measures used by other companies.
2020 form 10-k results of operations
(dollars in millions, except per share data)       fiscal 2020       fiscal 2019      % change       fiscal 2018      % change revenues(1)                                      $37,403           $39,117           -4   %        $36,397            7      %
cost of sales                                     21,162            21,643           -2   %         20,441            6      %
gross profit                                      16,241            17,474           -7   %         15,956           10      %
gross margin(1)                                     43.4     %        44.7     %                      43.8     %
demand creation expense                            3,592             3,753           -4   %          3,577            5      %
operating overhead expense                         9,534             8,949            7   %          7,934           13      %
total selling and administrative expense          13,126            12,702            3   %         11,511           10      %
% of revenues                                       35.1     %        32.5     %                      31.6     %
interest expense (income), net                        89                49            -   54                          -
other (income) expense, net                          139               (78     )      -   66                          -
income before income taxes                         2,887             4,801          -40   %          4,325           11      %
income tax expense(2)                                348               772          -55   %          2,392          -68      %
effective tax rate                                  12.1     %        16.1     %                      55.3     %
net income(1)                                     $2,539            $4,029          -37   %         $1,933          108      %
diluted earnings per common share                  $1.60             $2.49          -36   %          $1.17          113      %
(1)   fiscal 2020 reflects the impacts of covid-19 on our results of operations. refer to discussion of our results below for additional information.
(2)   fiscal 2018 reflects the impact from the enactment of the u.s. tax cuts and jobs act. refer to note 9 - income taxes in the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.

consolidated operating results revenues
(dollars in millions)                                               fiscal 2020       fiscal 2019   % change       % change excluding currency changes(1)           fiscal 2018   % change       % change excluding currency changes(1)
nike, inc. revenues:
nike brand revenues by:
footwear                                                          $23,305           $24,222               -4   %                                       -2   %     $22,268                9   %                                       12   %
apparel                                                            10,953            11,550               -5   %                                       -3   %      10,733                8   %                                       11   %
equipment                                                           1,280             1,404               -9   %                                       -6   %       1,396                1   %                                        4   %
global brand divisions(2)                                              30                42              -29   %                                      -26   %          88              -52   %                                      -53   %
total nike brand revenues                                          35,568            37,218               -4   %                                       -2   %      34,485                8   %                                       11   %
converse                                                            1,846             1,906               -3   %                                       -1   %       1,886                1   %                                        3   %
corporate(3)                                                          (11     )          (7     )          -                                            -   26                           -                                            -
total nike, inc. revenues                                         $37,403           $39,117               -4   %                                       -2   %     $36,397                7   %                                       11   %
supplemental nike brand revenues details:
nike brand revenues by:
sales to wholesale customers                                      $23,156           $25,423               -9   %                                       -7   %     $23,969                6   %                                       10   %
sales through nike direct                                          12,382            11,753                5   %                                        8   %      10,428               13   %                                       16   %
global brand divisions(2)                                              30                42              -29   %                                      -26   %          88              -52   %                                      -53   %
total nike brand revenues                                         $35,568           $37,218               -4   %                                       -2   %     $34,485                8   %                                       11   %
nike brand revenues on a wholesale equivalent basis:(1)
sales to wholesale customers                                      $23,156           $25,423               -9   %                                       -7   %     $23,969                6   %                                       10   %
sales from our wholesale operations to nike direct operations       7,452             7,127                5   %                                        7   %       6,332               13   %                                       16   %
total nike brand wholesale equivalent revenues                    $30,608           $32,550               -6   %                                       -4   %     $30,301                7   %                                       11   %
nike brand wholesale equivalent revenues by:(1)
men's                                                             $16,694           $17,737               -6   %                                       -4   %     $16,698                6   %                                       10   %
women's                                                             6,999             7,380               -5   %                                       -3   %       6,913                7   %                                       11   %
nike kids'                                                          5,033             5,283               -5   %                                       -3   %       4,906                8   %                                       11   %
others(4)                                                           1,882             2,150              -12   %                                      -10   %       1,784               21   %                                       25   %
total nike brand wholesale equivalent revenues                    $30,608           $32,550               -6   %                                       -4   %     $30,301                7   %                                       11   %
nike brand wholesale equivalent revenues by:(1)
running                                                            $3,830            $4,488              -15   %                                      -12   %      $4,496                0   %                                        4   %
nike basketball                                                     1,508             1,597               -6   %                                       -4   %       1,494                7   %                                        9   %
jordan brand                                                        3,609             3,138                    %                                            %       2,856               10   %                                       12   %
football (soccer)                                                   1,575             1,894              -17   %                                      -14   %       2,146              -12   %                                       -6   %
training                                                            2,688             3,137              -14   %                                      -13   %       3,126                0   %                                        3   %
sportswear                                                         12,285            12,442               -1   %                                        1   %      10,720               16   %                                       21   %
others(5)                                                           5,113             5,854              -13   %                                      -10   %       5,463                7   %                                        9   %
total nike brand wholesale equivalent revenues                    $30,608           $32,550               -6   %                                       -4   %     $30,301                7   %                                       11   %
(1)   the percent change excluding currency changes and the presentation of wholesale equivalent revenues represent non-gaap financial measures. see "use of non-gaap financial measures" for further information.
(2)   global brand divisions revenues are primarily attributable to nike brand licensing businesses that are not part of a geographic operating segment.
(3)   corporate revenues primarily consist of foreign currency hedge gains and losses related to revenues generated by entities within the nike brand geographic operating segments and converse, but managed through our central foreign exchange risk management program.

(4)   others include all unisex products, equipment and other products not allocated to men's, women's and nike kids', as well as certain adjustments that are not allocated to products designated by gender or age.
(5)   others include all other categories and certain adjustments that are not allocated at the category level.
fiscal 2020 nike brand revenue highlights the following tables present nike brand revenues disaggregated by reportable operating segment, distribution channel and major product line:
fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019
on a currency-neutral basis, nike, inc. revenues declined 2% for fiscal 2020, driven by lower revenues in both the nike brand and converse as the first nine months of revenue growth was offset by the impacts of lower shipments to wholesale customers and store closures within our nike direct and converse direct to consumer operations due to covid-19 in the fourth quarter. revenues for north america declined in fiscal 2020, reducing nike, inc. revenues by approximately 4 percentage points, partially offset by revenue growth in greater china contributing approximately 2 percentage points.
on a currency-neutral basis, nike brand footwear revenues decreased 2% for fiscal 2020, driven by declines in nearly all key categories, primarily running, sportswear and training, partially offset by growth in the jordan brand. unit sales of footwear decreased 8%, partially offset by higher asp per pair contributing approximately 6 percentage points. the increase in asp was primarily due to higher full-price and nike direct asps, as well as the favorable impact of growth in our nike direct business.
currency-neutral nike brand apparel revenues decreased 3% for fiscal 2020, due to declines in most key categories, primarily running, training and football (soccer), partially offset by growth in sportswear and the jordan brand. unit sales of apparel decreased 8%, partially offset by higher asp per unit contributing approximately 5 percentage points. the increase in asp was primarily due to higher full-price asp and the favorable impact of growth in our nike direct business.
on a reported basis, nike direct revenues represented approximately 35% of our total nike brand revenues for fiscal 2020, compared to 32% for fiscal 2019. digital commerce sales were $5.5 billion for fiscal 2020 compared to $3.8 billion for fiscal 2019. on a currency-neutral basis, nike direct revenues increased 8% for fiscal 2020, driven by strong digital commerce sales growth of 49%, which more than offset comparable store sales contraction of 12% due to temporary store closures and stores operating on reduced hours as a result of covid-19. comparable store sales, which exclude digital commerce sales, comprises revenues from nike-owned in-line and factory stores for which all three of the following requirements have been met: (1) the store has been open at least one year, (2) square footage has not changed by more than 15% within the past year and (3) the store has not been permanently repositioned within the past year. comparable store sales includes revenues from stores that were temporarily closed during the period as a result of covid-19. comparable store sales represents a performance measure that we believe is useful information for management and investors in understanding the performance of our established nike-owned in-line and factory stores. management considers this metric when making financial and operating decisions. the method of calculating comparable store sales varies across the retail industry. as a result, our calculation of this metric may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies.
on a currency-neutral basis, fiscal 2020 nike brand men's and women's revenues decreased 4% and 3%, respectively. lower nike brand men's revenues were driven by declines in nearly all key categories, primarily running and training, partially offset by growth in the jordan brand. lower nike brand women's revenues were driven by declines in most key categories, primarily running and training, partially offset by growth in sportswear and the jordan brand. revenues for our nike kids' business decreased 3%, as declines primarily in football (soccer) more than offset growth in the jordan brand.
2020 form 10-k gross margin fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019
for fiscal 2020, our consolidated gross profit decreased 7% to $16,241 million compared to $17,474 million for fiscal 2019, which was significantly impacted by lower shipments to our wholesale customers and store closures within our nike direct operations due to covid-19. gross margin decreased 130 basis points to 43.4% for fiscal 2020 compared to 44.7% for fiscal 2019 due to the following:
*wholesale equivalent higher product costs were in part due to incremental tariffs in north america. higher other costs, primarily in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020 due to the impacts of covid-19, were specifically related to increased factory cancellations costs, higher inventory obsolescence and the adverse rate impact of supply chain costs on a lower volume of wholesale shipments.
total selling and administrative expense
(dollars in millions)                          fiscal 2020       fiscal 2019   % change             fiscal 2018   % change demand creation expense(1)                    $3,592            $3,753               -4   %        $3,577                5   %
operating overhead expense                     9,534             8,949                7   %         7,934               13   %
total selling and administrative expense     $13,126           $12,702                3   %       $11,511               10   %
% of revenues                                   35.1     %        32.5     %        260   bps        31.6     %         90   bps
(1)   demand creation expense consists of advertising and promotion costs, including costs of endorsement contracts, complimentary product, television, digital and print advertising and media costs, brand events and retail brand presentation.
fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019
demand creation expense decreased 4% for fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019, due to lower retail brand presentation costs and lower sports marketing investments, as well as decreased advertising and marketing expenses as sporting events were postponed or canceled and a majority of stores were closed globally during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020. these decreases were partially offset by higher digital brand marketing costs. changes in foreign currency exchange rates decreased demand creation expense by approximately 2 percentage points for fiscal 2020.
operating overhead expense increased 7% for fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019, driven by higher wage-related and administrative expenses to support our continued investments in end-to-end digital capabilities, including support for a new enterprise resource planning tool. operating overhead expense was further impacted by higher bad debt expense recognized during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020 due to the impacts of covid-19. these increases were partially offset by lower travel and related spend. changes in foreign currency exchange rates decreased operating overhead expense by approximately 1 percentage points for fiscal 2020.
other (income) expense, net
(dollars in millions)         fiscal 2020       fiscal 2019       fiscal 2018
other (income) expense, net   $139              $(78        )     $66
other (income) expense, net comprises foreign currency conversion gains and losses from the re-measurement of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in non-functional currencies and the impact of certain foreign currency derivative instruments, as well as unusual or non-operating transactions that are outside the normal course of business.
2020 form 10-k fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019
other (income) expense, net changed from $78 million of other income, net for fiscal 2019 to $139 million of other expense, net for fiscal 2020, primarily due to the non-recurring impairment charge of $405 million related to our planned, strategic distributor partnership transition within apla. for more information see note 20 - acquisitions and divestitures within the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. this was offset by a $121 million net beneficial change in foreign currency conversion gains and losses, including hedges.
we estimate the combination of the translation of foreign currency-denominated profits from our international businesses and the year-over-year change in foreign currency-related gains and losses included in other (income) expense, net had an unfavorable impact on our income before income taxes of $91 million for fiscal 2020.
income taxes fiscal 2020     fiscal 2019     % change    fiscal 2018     % change effective tax rate   12.1    %       16.1    %       (400) bps   55.3    %       (3,920) bps fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019
our effective tax rate was 12.1% for fiscal 2020, compared to 16.1% for fiscal 2019 due to increased benefits from discrete items such as stock-based compensation.
our effective tax rate for fiscal 2018 reflected significant changes related to the enactment of the u.s. tax cuts and jobs act (the "tax act"). refer to note 9 - income taxes in the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on the impact of the tax act.
operating segments our operating segments are evidence of the structure of the company's internal organization. the nike brand segments are defined by geographic regions for operations participating in nike brand sales activity.
each nike brand geographic segment operates predominantly in one industry: the design, development, marketing and selling of athletic footwear, apparel and equipment. the company's reportable operating segments for the nike brand are: north america; europe, middle east & africa (emea); greater china; and asia pacific & latin america (apla), and include results for the nike and jordan brands, with results for the hurley brand, prior to its divestiture, included in north america. refer to note 20 - acquisitions and divestitures within the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information. the company's nike direct operations are managed within each geographic operating segment. converse is also a reportable operating segment for the company, and operates predominately in one industry: the design, marketing, licensing and selling of casual sneakers, apparel and accessories.
as part of our centrally managed foreign exchange risk management program, standard foreign currency exchange rates are assigned twice per year to each nike brand entity in our geographic operating segments and converse. these rates are set approximately nine and twelve months in advance of the future selling seasons to which they relate (specifically, for each currency, one standard rate applies to the fall and holiday selling seasons and one standard rate applies to the spring and summer selling seasons) based on average market spot rates in the calendar month preceding the date they are established. inventories and cost of sales for geographic operating segments and converse reflect the use of these standard rates to record non-functional currency product purchases into the entity's functional currency. differences between assigned standard foreign currency exchange rates and actual market rates are included in corporate, together with foreign currency hedge gains and losses generated from our centrally managed foreign exchange risk management program and other conversion gains and losses.
2020 form 10-k the breakdown of revenues is as follows:
(dollars in millions)                  fiscal 2020       fiscal 2019   % change       % change excluding currency changes(1)           fiscal 2018   % change       % change excluding currency changes(1)
north america                        $14,484           $15,902               -9   %                                       -9   %     $14,855                7   %                                        7   %
europe, middle east &amp; africa       9,347             9,812               -5   %                                       -1   %       9,242                6   %                                       11   %
greater china                          6,679             6,208                8   %                                       11   %       5,134               21   %                                       24   %
asia pacific &amp; latin america       5,028             5,254               -4   %                                            %       5,166                    %                                       13   %
global brand divisions(2)                 30                42              -29   %                                      -26   %          88              -52   %                                      -53   %
total nike brand                      35,568            37,218               -4   %                                       -2   %      34,485                8   %                                       11   %
converse                               1,846             1,906               -3   %                                       -1   %       1,886                1   %                                        3   %
corporate(3)                             (11     )          (7     )          -                                            -   26                           -                                            -
total nike, inc. revenues            $37,403           $39,117               -4   %                                       -2   %     $36,397                7   %                                       11   %
(1)   the percent change excluding currency changes represents a non-gaap financial measure. see "use of non-gaap financial measures" for further information.
(2)   global brand divisions revenues are primarily attributable to nike brand licensing businesses that are not part of a geographic operating segment.
(3)   corporate revenues primarily consist of foreign currency hedge gains and losses related to revenues generated by entities within the nike brand geographic operating segments and converse, but managed through our central foreign exchange risk management program.
the primary financial measure used by the company to evaluate performance of individual operating segments is ebit, which represents net income before interest expense (income), net and income tax expense in the consolidated statements of income. as discussed in note 17 - operating segments and related information in the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements, certain corporate costs are not included in ebit of our operating segments.
the breakdown of earnings before interest and taxes is as follows:
(dollars in millions)                                        fiscal 2020           fiscal 2019      % change               fiscal 2018       % change north america                                               $2,899                $3,925                 -26   %          $3,600                    9   %
europe, middle east &amp; africa                             1,541                 1,995                 -23   %           1,587                   26   %
greater china                                                2,490                 2,376         5             %           1,807                   31   %
asia pacific &amp; latin america                             1,184                 1,323                 -11   %           1,189                   11   %
global brand divisions                                      (3,468     )          (3,262     )            -6   %          (2,658     )            -23   %
total nike brand(1)                                          4,646                 6,357                 -27   %           5,525                   15   %
converse                                                       297                   303                  -2   %             310                   -2   %
corporate                                                   (1,967     )          (1,810     )            -9   %          (1,456     )            -24   %
total nike, inc. earnings before interest and taxes(1)       2,976                 4,850                 -39   %           4,379                   11   %
interest expense (income), net                                  89                    49                   -                  54                    -
total nike, inc. income before income taxes                 $2,887                $4,801                 -40   %          $4,325                   11   %
(1)   total nike brand ebit and total nike, inc. ebit represent non-gaap financial measures. see "use of non-gaap financial measures" for further information.

north america
(dollars in millions)                    fiscal 2020       fiscal 2019   % change       % change excluding currency changes           fiscal 2018   % change       % change excluding currency changes revenues by:
footwear                                $9,329           $10,045               -7   %                                    -7   %      $9,322                8   %                                     8   %
apparel                                  4,639             5,260              -12   %                                   -12   %       4,938                7   %                                     7   %
equipment                                  516               597              -14   %                                   -14   %         595                0   %                                     0   %
total revenues                         $14,484           $15,902               -9   %                                    -9   %     $14,855                7   %                                     7   %
revenues by:
sales to wholesale customers            $9,371           $10,875              -14   %                                   -14   %     $10,159                7   %                                     7   %
sales through nike direct                5,113             5,027                2   %                                     2   %       4,696                7   %                                     7   %
total revenues                         $14,484           $15,902               -9   %                                    -9   %     $14,855                7   %                                     7   %
earnings before interest and taxes      $2,899            $3,925              -26   %                                                $3,600                9   %
we believe there continues to be a meaningful shift in the way consumers shop for product and make purchasing decisions. consumers are demanding a constant flow of fresh and innovative product, and have an expectation for superior service and rapid delivery, all fueled by the shift toward digital and mono-brand experiences in nike direct. specifically, in north america we anticipate continued evolution within the retail landscape, driven by shifting consumer traffic patterns across digital and physical channels. the evolution of the north america marketplace is resulting in third-party retail store closures, which is expected to be further accelerated as a result of the effects of covid-19; however, we remain focused on building long-term momentum with our strategic wholesale customers, fueled by innovative product and nike brand consumer experiences, leveraging digital.
fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019
on a currency-neutral basis, north america revenues decreased 9%, as revenue growth for the first nine months of fiscal 2020 was offset by declines in the fourth quarter, primarily resulting from lower shipments to our wholesale customers and store closures within our nike direct operations due to covid-19. revenues declined in nearly all key categories, primarily running and training. nike direct revenues increased 2% for fiscal 2020 as strong digital commerce sales growth of 45% more than offset a 20% decline in comparable store sales due to temporary store closures and stores operating on reduced hours as a result of covid-19 during the fourth quarter.
footwear revenues contracted 7% on a currency-neutral basis for fiscal 2020, driven by declines in nearly all key categories, primarily running, training and sportswear. unit sales of footwear decreased 13%, partially offset by higher asp per pair contributing approximately 6 percentage points. higher asp per pair was primarily due to higher nike direct asp and the favorable impact of growth in our nike direct business, as well as higher full-price asp.
on a currency-neutral basis, apparel revenues decreased 12% for fiscal 2020 as lower revenues in nearly all key categories, primarily training, were partially offset by growth in sportswear. unit sales of apparel decreased 16%, partially offset by higher asp per unit contributing approximately 4 percentage points. the increase in asp per unit was primarily a result of higher full-price and nike direct asps, as well as the favorable impact of growth in our nike direct business.
reported ebit decreased 26% for fiscal 2020, reflecting lower revenues, gross margin contraction and higher selling and administrative expense. gross margin declined 230 basis points as higher-full price asp was more than offset by higher product costs, primarily due to incremental tariffs, as well as increased costs specifically in the fourth quarter due to covid-19 for warehousing and freight, the adverse rate impact of supply chain costs on a lower volume of wholesale shipments, factory cancellations and inventory obsolescence. selling and administrative expense grew due to higher operating overhead expense, partially offset by lower demand creation expense. operating overhead expense increased primarily due to higher bad debt expense and higher administrative costs. the decrease in demand creation expense reflected higher digital brand marketing costs, which were more than offset by lower retail brand presentation costs and sports marketing expenses as leagues and sporting events were suspended and a majority of stores within our nike direct operations were closed during the fourth quarter due to covid-19.

europe, middle east & africa
(dollars in millions)                    fiscal 2020       fiscal 2019   % change       % change excluding currency changes           fiscal 2018   % change       % change excluding currency changes revenues by:
footwear                                $5,892            $6,293               -6   %                                    -3   %      $5,875                7   %                                    12   %
apparel                                  3,053             3,087               -1   %                                     2   %       2,940                5   %                                     9   %
equipment                                  402               432               -7   %                                    -3   %         427                1   %                                         %
total revenues                          $9,347            $9,812               -5   %                                    -1   %      $9,242                    %                                    11   %
revenues by:
sales to wholesale customers            $6,574            $7,076               -7   %                                    -4   %      $6,765                5   %                                     9   %
sales through nike direct                2,773             2,736                1   %                                     5   %       2,477               10   %                                    15   %
total revenues                          $9,347            $9,812               -5   %                                    -1   %      $9,242                6   %                                    11   %
earnings before interest and taxes      $1,541            $1,995              -23   %                                                $1,587               26   %
fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019
on a currency-neutral basis, emea revenues for fiscal 2020 declined 1%, as revenue growth for the first nine months of fiscal 2020 was offset by declines in the fourth quarter, primarily resulting from lower shipments to our wholesale customers and store closures within our nike direct operations due to covid-19. the decline reflects lower revenues in the northern europe and southern europe territories, which each declined 8%, partially offset by growth in uk & ireland of 5%. revenues decreased in most key categories, primarily football (soccer) and running, partially offset by growth in the jordan brand. nike direct revenues increased 5% due to strong digital commerce sales growth of 50%, partially offset by a 15% decline in comparable store sales due to temporary store closures and stores operating on reduced hours as a result of covid-19, as well as declines from certain store closures as we continually optimize our fleet to meet consumer demand across physical and digital channels.
currency-neutral footwear revenues contracted 3% for fiscal 2020, driven by lower revenues in nearly all key categories, primarily sportswear. unit sales of footwear decreased 10%, partially offset by higher asp per pair contributing approximately 7 percentage points. higher asp per pair primarily resulted from higher full-price and nike direct asps.
for fiscal 2020, currency-neutral apparel revenues increased 2% as growth in several key categories, most notably sportswear and the jordan brand, was partially offset by declines in football (soccer). unit sales of apparel decreased 2%, partially offset by higher asp per unit contributing approximately 4 percentage points. higher asp per unit was primarily due to higher full-price asp.
reported ebit decreased 23% for fiscal 2020 due to lower revenues, gross margin contraction and higher selling and administrative expense. gross margin declined 240 basis points as higher full-price asp was more than offset by unfavorable changes in standard foreign currency exchange rates and higher other costs, which primarily occurred in the fourth quarter due to covid-19 and reflected increased warehousing and freight costs, the adverse rate impact of supply chain costs on a lower volume of wholesale shipments and higher inventory obsolescence. selling and administrative expense increased due to higher operating overhead expense, partially offset by lower demand creation expense. growth in operating overhead expense was primarily due to higher bad debt expense. the decrease in demand creation expense was primarily driven by lower retail brand presentation costs resulting from store closures during the fourth quarter due to covid-19.

greater china
(dollars in millions)                    fiscal 2020       fiscal 2019   % change       % change excluding currency changes           fiscal 2018   % change       % change excluding currency changes revenues by:
footwear                                $4,635            $4,262                9   %                                    12   %      $3,496               22   %                                    25   %
apparel                                  1,896             1,808                5   %                                     8   %       1,508               20   %                                    23   %
equipment                                  148               138                7   %                                    11   %         130                6   %                                     8   %
total revenues                          $6,679            $6,208                8   %                                    11   %      $5,134               21   %                                    24   %
revenues by:
sales to wholesale customers            $3,803            $3,726                2   %                                     6   %      $3,216               16   %                                    19   %
sales through nike direct                2,876             2,482               16   %                                    20   %       1,918               29   %                                    33   %
total revenues                          $6,679            $6,208                8   %                                    11   %      $5,134               21   %                                    24   %
earnings before interest and taxes      $2,490            $2,376                5   %                                                $1,807               31   %
fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019
on a currency-neutral basis, greater china revenues for fiscal 2020 increased 11%, despite temporary store closures and stores operating on reduced hours as a result of covid-19 during the third quarter and for part of the fourth quarter. higher revenues were driven by growth in most key categories, led by the jordan brand and sportswear. nike direct revenues increased 20%, driven by strong digital commerce sales growth of 49%, the addition of new stores and comparable store sales growth of 1%.
currency-neutral footwear revenues increased 12% for fiscal 2020, driven by growth in nearly all key categories, led by the jordan brand and, to a lesser extent, sportswear. unit sales of footwear increased 10% and higher asp per pair contributed approximately 2 percentage points of footwear revenue growth, driven by higher full-price asp.
the currency-neutral apparel revenue growth of 8% for fiscal 2020 was fueled by higher revenues in most key categories, led by sportswear and the jordan brand. unit sales of apparel increased 8%, while asp per unit was flat as higher off-price and full-price asps were offset by unfavorable full-price mix and lower nike direct asp.
reported ebit increased 5% for fiscal 2020, driven by higher revenues and selling and administrative expense leverage, partially offset by gross margin contraction. gross margin decreased 170 basis points as unfavorable changes in standard foreign currency exchange rates and higher product costs more than offset higher full-price asp. selling and administrative expense increased due to higher operating overhead and demand creation expense. growth in operating overhead expense was driven by higher investments within our nike direct operations. demand creation expense increased primarily due to higher retail brand presentation costs, including digital brand marketing.

asia pacific & latin america
(dollars in millions)                    fiscal 2020       fiscal 2019   % change       % change excluding currency changes           fiscal 2018   % change       % change excluding currency changes revenues by:
footwear                                $3,449            $3,622               -5   %                                         %      $3,575                    %                                    12   %
apparel                                  1,365             1,395               -2   %                                         %       1,347                    %                                    15   %
equipment                                  214               237              -10   %                                    -4   %         244               -3   %                                     8   %
total revenues                          $5,028            $5,254               -4   %                                         %      $5,166                    %                                    13   %
revenues by:
sales to wholesale customers            $3,408            $3,746               -9   %                                    -4   %      $3,829               -2   %                                     9   %
sales through nike direct                1,620             1,508                7   %                                         %       1,337                    %                                    23   %
total revenues                          $5,028            $5,254               -4   %                                         %      $5,166                    %                                    13   %
earnings before interest and taxes      $1,184            $1,323              -11   %                                                $1,189               11   %
as discussed previously, we entered into definitive agreements to sell our nike brand businesses in brazil, argentina, chile and uruguay and shift to a distributor operating model. the impacts of entering into these agreements are included within corporate and are not reflected in the apla operating segment results for fiscal 2020.
fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019
on a currency-neutral basis, apla revenues increased 1% for fiscal 2020. the increase in revenues reflected growth in the korea and soco (which comprises argentina, uruguay and chile) territories of 14% and 6%, respectively, partially offset by declines in mexico of 9%. revenues increased in several key categories, led by the jordan brand. nike direct revenues increased 12%, fueled by strong digital commerce sales growth of 62% and the addition of new stores, partially offset by a decline in comparable store sales of 4% due to temporary store closures and stores operating on reduced hours as a result of covid-19 during the fourth quarter.
currency-neutral footwear revenues for fiscal 2020 were flat as growth in the jordan brand and nike basketball was offset by declines in all other key categories, primarily training. unit sales of footwear decreased 12%, offset by higher asp per pair contributing approximately 12 percentage points, driven by higher full-price and nike direct asps, both of which in part reflect inflationary conditions in our soco territory.
currency-neutral apparel revenues grew 3% for fiscal 2020, driven by higher revenues in several key categories, most notably sportswear. unit sales of apparel decreased 5%, which were more than offset by higher asp per unit contributing approximately 8 percentage points, primarily driven by higher full-price and nike direct asps, both of which in part reflect inflationary conditions in our soco territory.
reported ebit decreased 11% for fiscal 2020 reflecting lower revenues and gross margin contraction, partially offset by lower selling and administrative expense. gross margin decreased 140 basis points as higher full-price asp was more than offset by higher product costs, unfavorable changes in standard foreign currency exchange rates, as well as higher other costs. the increase in other costs primarily occurred in the fourth quarter due to covid-19 and reflected increased warehousing and freight, as well as higher inventory obsolescence. selling and administrative expense decreased as lower demand creation expense was partially offset by higher operating overhead expense. the decrease in demand creation expense was primarily due to lower sports marketing costs, advertising and marketing expenses, as well as lower retail brand presentation costs as sporting events were postponed or canceled and a majority of stores were closed during the fourth quarter due to covid-19. the increase in operating overhead expense was primarily due to higher bad debt expense and higher wage-related costs.

global brand divisions
(dollars in millions)                       fiscal 2020       fiscal 2019       % change       % change excluding currency changes       fiscal 2018       % change       % change excluding currency changes revenues                                    $30               $42                    -29   %   -26                                   %   $88                    -52   %   -53                                   %
earnings (loss) before interest and taxes   $(3,468     )     $(3,262     )           -6   %                                             $(2,658     )          -23   %
global brand divisions primarily represent demand creation and operating overhead expense, including product creation and design expenses that are centrally managed for the nike brand, as well as costs associated with nike direct global digital operations and enterprise technology. revenues for global brand divisions are primarily attributable to nike brand licensing businesses that are not part of a geographic operating segment.
fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019
global brand divisions' loss before interest and taxes increased 6% for fiscal 2020 as total selling and administrative expense increased compared to fiscal 2019, primarily due to higher operating overhead expense. the increase in operating overhead expense was primarily driven by higher wage-related and administrative costs resulting from investments in data and analytics capabilities, digital commerce platforms and our continued investment in a new enterprise resource planning tool, all of which are in an effort to accelerate our end-to-end digital transformation.
converse
(dollars in millions)                    fiscal 2020       fiscal 2019   % change       % change excluding currency changes           fiscal 2018   % change       % change excluding currency changes revenues by:
footwear                                $1,642            $1,658               -1   %                                     1   %      $1,611                3   %                                     5   %
apparel                                     89              $118              -25   %                                   -22   %        $144              -18   %                                   -17   %
equipment                                   25                24                4   %                                     8   %          28              -14   %                                   -13   %
other(1)                                    90               106              -15   %                                   -14   %         103                    %                                         %
total revenues                          $1,846            $1,906               -3   %                                    -1   %      $1,886                1   %                                     3   %
revenues by:
sales to wholesale customers            $1,154            $1,247               -7   %                                    -5   %      $1,310               -5   %                                     2   %
sales through direct to consumer           602               553                9   %                                    11   %         473               17   %                                     5   %
other(1)                                    90               106              -15   %                                   -14   %         103                    %                                         %
total revenues                          $1,846            $1,906               -3   %                                    -1   %      $1,886                1   %                                     3   %
earnings before interest and taxes        $297              $303               -2   %                                                  $310               -2   %
(1)   other revenues consist of territories serviced by third-party licensees who pay royalties to converse for the use of its registered trademarks and other intellectual property rights. we do not own the converse trademarks in japan and accordingly do not earn revenues in japan.
fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019
on a currency-neutral basis, converse revenues decreased 1% for fiscal 2020, as revenue growth for the first nine months of fiscal 2020 was offset by declines in the fourth quarter, primarily resulting from lower shipments to our wholesale customers and store closures in our direct to consumer operations due to covid-19. revenue declines in north america and europe, as well as in licensee markets were partially offset by increases in asia. wholesale revenues decreased 5% while direct to consumer revenues increased 11%, as strong digital sales growth across all geographies more than offset declines from converse owned store closures due to covid-19. combined unit sales within the wholesale and direct to consumer channels decreased 6%, while asp grew 6% primarily due to the favorable impact on asp of growth in the direct to consumer channel and growth within the asia geography.
reported ebit decreased 2%, primarily driven by declines in revenues, partially offset by gross margin expansion and lower selling and administrative expenses. gross margin increased 60 basis points driven by higher full-price asp, in part due to growth in our higher margin asia geography, as well as higher asp in our direct to consumer channel, primarily through digital, both of which were only partially offset by unfavorable changes in standard foreign currency exchange rates. selling and administrative expense decreased primarily due to decreases in demand creation expense, as operating overhead expense was flat. demand creation expense decreased as a result of lower advertising and marketing in response to covid-19. operating overhead

expense was flat for fiscal 2020, as decreases in wage-related costs, travel and other discretionary expenses were offset by increased bad debt expense recognized in the fourth quarter.
corporate
(dollars in millions)                       fiscal 2020         fiscal 2019         % change       fiscal 2018         % change revenues                                    $(11            )   $(7             )   -              $26                 -
earnings (loss) before interest and taxes   $(1,967         )   $(1,810         )   -9         %   $(1,456         )   -24        %
corporate revenues primarily consist of foreign currency hedge gains and losses related to revenues generated by entities within the nike brand geographic operating segments and converse, but managed through our central foreign exchange risk management program.
the corporate loss before interest and taxes primarily consists of unallocated general and administrative expenses, including expenses associated with centrally managed departments; depreciation and amortization related to our corporate headquarters; unallocated insurance, benefit and compensation programs, including stock-based compensation; and certain foreign currency gains and losses.
in addition to the foreign currency gains and losses recognized in corporate revenues, foreign currency results in corporate include gains and losses resulting from the difference between actual foreign currency exchange rates and standard rates used to record non-functional currency denominated product purchases within the nike brand geographic operating segments and converse; related foreign currency hedge results; conversion gains and losses arising from re-measurement of monetary assets and liabilities in non-functional currencies; and certain other foreign currency derivative instruments.
for fiscal 2020, corporate includes the non-recurring impairment charge recognized as a result of our decision to transition our nike brand business operations in brazil, argentina, chile and uruguay to third-party distributors. this charge primarily reflects the anticipated release of associated non-cash cumulative foreign currency translation losses.
fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019
the corporate loss before interest and taxes increased $157 million primarily due to the following:
•   an unfavorable change of $494 million, primarily due to the $405 million non-recurring impairment charge discussed above. for more information see note 20 - acquisitions and divestitures within the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements;
•   a favorable change of $213 million related to the difference between actual foreign currency exchange rates and standard foreign currency exchange rates assigned to the nike brand geographic operating segments and converse, net of hedge gains and losses; these results are reported as a component of consolidated gross margin; and
•   a favorable change in net foreign currency gains and losses of $124 million related to the re-measurement of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in non-functional currencies and the impact of certain foreign currency derivative instruments, reported as a component of consolidated other (income) expense, net.
foreign currency exposures and hedging practices overview as a global company with significant operations outside the united states, in the normal course of business we are exposed to risk arising from changes in currency exchange rates. our primary foreign currency exposures arise from the recording of transactions denominated in non-functional currencies and the translation of foreign currency denominated results of operations, financial position and cash flows into u.s. dollars.
our foreign exchange risk management program is intended to lessen both the positive and negative effects of currency fluctuations on our consolidated results of operations, financial position and cash flows. we manage global foreign exchange risk centrally on a portfolio basis to address those risks material to nike, inc. we manage these exposures by taking advantage of natural offsets and currency correlations existing within the portfolio and, where practical and material, by hedging a portion of the remaining exposures using derivative instruments such as forward contracts and options. as described below, the implementation of the nike trading company (ntc) and our foreign currency adjustment program enhanced our ability to manage our foreign exchange risk by increasing the natural offsets and currency correlation benefits existing within our portfolio of foreign exchange exposures. our hedging policy is designed to partially or entirely offset the impact of exchange rate changes on the underlying net exposures being hedged. where exposures are hedged, our program has the effect of delaying the impact
2020 form 10-k of exchange rate movements on our consolidated financial statements; the length of the delay is dependent upon hedge horizons. we do not hold or issue derivative instruments for trading or speculative purposes.
refer to note 6 - fair value measurements and note 14 - risk management and derivatives in the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional description of outstanding derivatives at each reported period end.
transactional exposures we conduct business in various currencies and have transactions which subject us to foreign currency risk. our most significant transactional foreign currency exposures are:
•   product costs - nike's product costs are exposed to fluctuations in foreign currencies in the following ways:
1.   product purchases denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of the transacting entity:
a.   certain nike entities purchase product from the ntc, a wholly-owned sourcing hub that buys nike branded products from third-party factories, predominantly in u.s. dollars. the ntc, whose functional currency is the u.s. dollar, then sells the products to nike entities in their respective functional currencies. ntc sales to a nike entity with a different functional currency results in a foreign currency exposure for the ntc.
b.   other nike entities purchase product directly from third-party factories in u.s. dollars. these purchases generate a foreign currency exposure for those nike entities with a functional currency other than the u.s. dollar.
in both purchasing scenarios, a weaker u.s. dollar reduces inventory costs incurred by nike whereas a stronger u.s. dollar increases its cost.
2.   factory input costs: nike operates a foreign currency adjustment program with certain factories. the program is designed to more effectively manage foreign currency risk by assuming certain of the factories' foreign currency exposures, some of which are natural offsets to our existing foreign currency exposures. under this program, our payments to these factories are adjusted for rate fluctuations in the basket of currencies ("factory currency exposure index") in which the labor, materials and overhead costs incurred by the factories in the production of nike branded products ("factory input costs") are denominated.
for the currency within the factory currency exposure indices that is the local or functional currency of the factory, the currency rate fluctuation affecting the product cost is recorded within inventories and is recognized in cost of sales when the related product is sold to a third-party. all currencies within the indices, excluding the u.s. dollar and the local or functional currency of the factory, are recognized as embedded derivative contracts and are recorded at fair value through other (income) expense, net. refer to note 14 - risk management and derivatives in the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional detail.
as an offset to the impacts of the fluctuating u.s. dollar on our non-functional currency denominated product purchases described above, a strengthening u.s. dollar against the foreign currencies within the factory currency exposure indices reduces nike's u.s. dollar inventory cost. conversely, a weakening u.s. dollar against the indexed foreign currencies increases our inventory cost.
•   non-functional currency denominated external sales - a portion of our nike brand and converse revenues associated with european operations are earned in currencies other than the euro (e.g., the british pound) but are recognized at a subsidiary that uses the euro as its functional currency. these sales generate a foreign currency exposure.
•   other costs - non-functional currency denominated costs, such as endorsement contracts, also generate foreign currency risk, though to a lesser extent. in certain cases, the company has entered into contractual agreements which have payments indexed to foreign currencies that create embedded derivative contracts recorded at fair value through other (income) expense, net. refer to note 14 - risk management and derivatives in the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional detail.
•   non-functional currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities - our global subsidiaries have various assets and liabilities, primarily receivables and payables, including intercompany receivables and payables, denominated in currencies other than their functional currencies. these balance sheet items are subject to re-measurement which may create fluctuations in other (income) expense, net within our consolidated results of operations.
managing transactional exposures transactional exposures are managed on a portfolio basis within our foreign currency risk management program. we manage these exposures by taking advantage of natural offsets and currency correlations that exist within the portfolio and may also elect to use currency forward and option contracts to hedge the remaining effect of exchange rate fluctuations on probable forecasted future cash flows, including certain product cost exposures, non-functional currency denominated external sales and other costs described above. generally, these are accounted for as cash flow hedges, except for hedges of the embedded derivative components of the product cost exposures and other contractual agreements.
2020 form 10-k certain currency forward contracts used to manage the foreign exchange exposure of non-functional currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities subject to re-measurement and embedded derivative contracts are not formally designated as hedging instruments. accordingly, changes in fair value of these instruments are recognized in other (income) expense, net and are intended to offset the foreign currency impact of the re-measurement of the related non-functional currency denominated asset or liability or the embedded derivative contract being hedged.
translational exposures many of our foreign subsidiaries operate in functional currencies other than the u.s. dollar. fluctuations in currency exchange rates create volatility in our reported results as we are required to translate the balance sheets, operational results and cash flows of these subsidiaries into u.s. dollars for consolidated reporting. the translation of foreign subsidiaries' non-u.s. dollar denominated balance sheets into u.s. dollars for consolidated reporting results in a cumulative translation adjustment to accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) within shareholders' equity. in the translation of our consolidated statements of income, a weaker u.s. dollar in relation to foreign functional currencies benefits our consolidated earnings whereas a stronger u.s. dollar reduces our consolidated earnings. the impact of foreign exchange rate fluctuations on the translation of our consolidated revenues was a detriment of approximately $867 million, a detriment of approximately $1,236 million, and a benefit of approximately $832 million for the years ended may 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. the impact of foreign exchange rate fluctuations on the translation of our income before income taxes was a detriment of approximately $212 million, a detriment of approximately $233 million, and a benefit of approximately $177 million for the years ended may 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
management generally identifies hyper-inflationary markets as those markets whose cumulative inflation rate over a three-year period exceeds 100%. management has concluded our argentina subsidiary within our apla operating segment is operating in a hyper-inflationary market. as a result, beginning in the second quarter of fiscal 2019, the functional currency of our argentina subsidiary changed from the local currency to the u.s. dollar. as of and for the period ended may 31, 2020, this change did not have a material impact on our results of operations or financial condition and we do not anticipate it will have a material impact in future periods based on current rates.
managing translational exposures to minimize the impact of translating foreign currency denominated revenues and expenses into u.s. dollars for consolidated reporting, certain foreign subsidiaries use excess cash to purchase u.s. dollar denominated available-for-sale investments. the variable future cash flows associated with the purchase and subsequent sale of these u.s. dollar denominated investments at non-u.s. dollar functional currency subsidiaries creates a foreign currency exposure that qualifies for hedge accounting under u.s. gaap. we utilize forward contracts and/or options to mitigate the variability of the forecasted future purchases and sales of these u.s. dollar investments. the combination of the purchase and sale of the u.s. dollar investment and the hedging instrument has the effect of partially offsetting the year-over-year foreign currency translation impact on net earnings in the period the investments are sold. hedges of the purchase of u.s. dollar denominated available-for-sale investments are accounted for as cash flow hedges.
we estimate the combination of translation of foreign currency-denominated profits from our international businesses and the year-over-year change in foreign currency related gains and losses included in other (income) expense, net had an unfavorable impact of approximately $91 million, $97 million, and $110 million on our income before income taxes for the years ended may 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
net investments in foreign subsidiaries we are also exposed to the impact of foreign exchange fluctuations on our investments in wholly-owned foreign subsidiaries denominated in a currency other than the u.s. dollar, which could adversely impact the u.s. dollar value of these investments and therefore the value of future repatriated earnings. we have, in the past, hedged and may, in the future, hedge net investment positions in certain foreign subsidiaries to mitigate the effects of foreign exchange fluctuations on these net investments. these hedges are accounted for as net investment hedges in accordance with u.s. gaap. there were no outstanding net investment hedges as of may 31, 2020 and 2019. there were no cash flows from net investment hedge settlements for the years ended may 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018.
2020 form 10-k liquidity and capital resources cash flow activity cash provided (used) by operations was an inflow of $2,485 million for fiscal 2020 compared to $5,903 million for fiscal 2019. net income, adjusted for non-cash items, generated $3,730 million of operating cash inflow for fiscal 2020 compared to $5,341 million for fiscal 2019. the decrease primarily reflects lower net income, resulting from the unfavorable impacts of covid-19. the net change in working capital and other assets and liabilities resulted in a decrease to cash provided (used) by operations of $1,245 million for fiscal 2020, compared to an increase of $562 million for fiscal 2019. the net change in working capital was impacted by a $1,364 million increase in inventories, in part reflecting lower shipments to our wholesale customers and store closures within our nike direct operations, as well as a decrease in accounts payable resulting from lower spending, both of which are due to covid-19. the net change in working capital was also unfavorably impacted by the net change in cash collateral with derivative counterparties as a result of hedging transactions. during fiscal 2020, cash collateral received from counterparties decreased $289 million compared to an increase of $266 million in fiscal 2019. refer to the credit risk section of note 14 - risk management and derivatives in the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional details. in addition, the net change in working capital was impacted by a $1,509 million reduction in accounts receivable, net, in fiscal 2020, primarily driven by lower revenues in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020 due to the impacts of covid-19.
cash provided (used) by investing activities was an outflow of $1,028 million for fiscal 2020, compared to an outflow of $264 million for fiscal 2019, driven primarily by lower proceeds from the net change in short-term investments. during fiscal 2020, the net change in investments (including sales, maturities and purchases) resulted in a cash inflow of $27 million compared to $850 million in fiscal 2019. additionally, during fiscal 2020, we continued investing in our infrastructure to support future growth, specifically focused around digital capabilities, our end-to-end technology foundation, our corporate facilities and improvements across our supply chain. we expect this trend to continue in future periods.
cash provided (used) by financing activities was an inflow of $2,491 million for fiscal 2020 compared to an outflow of $5,293 million for fiscal 2019, primarily due to the net proceeds from a $5,942 million corporate bond issuance in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020, as well as lower share repurchases during fiscal 2020.
in fiscal 2020, we purchased 33.5 million shares of nike's class b common stock for $3,033 million (an average price of $90.49 per share) under the four-year, $15 billion share repurchase program approved by the board of directors in june 2018. as of may 31, 2020, we had repurchased 45.2 million shares at a cost of $4,019 million (an average price of $89.00 per share) under this new program. we continue to expect funding of share repurchases will come from operating cash flows, excess cash and/or proceeds from debt. to enhance our liquidity position in response to covid-19, during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020, we elected to temporarily suspend share repurchases under our existing share repurchase program. the existing program remains authorized by the board of directors and we may resume share repurchases in the future at any time, depending upon market conditions, our capital needs and other factors.
capital resources on july 23, 2019, we filed a shelf registration statement (the "shelf") with the u.s. securities and exchange commission (sec) which permits us to issue an unlimited amount of debt securities from time to time. the shelf expires on july 23, 2022. on march 27, 2020 we issued $6 billion of senior unsecured notes with tranches maturing march 27, 2025, march 27, 2027, march 27, 2030, march 27, 2040 and march 27, 2050. for additional information regarding our long-term debt refer to note 8 - long-term debt in the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.
on august 16, 2019, we entered into a committed credit facility agreement with a syndicate of banks which provides for up to $2 billion of borrowings, with the option to increase borrowings up to $3 billion in total upon lender approval. the facility matures on august 16, 2024, with a one-year extension option prior to any anniversary of the closing date, provided that in no event shall it extend beyond august 16, 2026. this facility replaces the prior $2 billion credit facility agreement entered into on august 28, 2015, which would have matured august 28, 2020. on april 6, 2020, we entered into a committed credit facility agreement with a syndicate of banks which provides for up to $2 billion of borrowings, in addition to the existing credit facility discussed above. the new facility matures on april 5, 2021. as of may 31, 2020 and 2019, no amounts were outstanding under our committed credit facilities.
we currently have long-term debt ratings of aa- and a1 from standard and poor's corporation and moody's investor services, respectively. as it relates to our committed credit facility entered into on august 16, 2019, if our long-term debt ratings were to decline, the facility fee and interest rate would increase. conversely, if our long-term debt ratings were to improve, the facility fee and interest rate would decrease. under the committed credit facility entered into on april 6, 2020, if our long-term debt ratings were to decline, only the interest rate would increase, but would remain unchanged in the event our long-term debt rating were to improve. changes in our long-term debt ratings would not trigger acceleration of maturity of any then-outstanding borrowings or any future borrowings under the committed credit facilities. under these facilities, we have agreed to various covenants. these
2020 form 10-k covenants include limits on our disposal of assets and the amount of debt secured by liens we may incur. in the event we were to have any borrowings outstanding under these facilities, failed to meet any covenant and were unable to obtain a waiver from a majority of the banks in the syndicate, any borrowings would become immediately due and payable. as of may 31, 2020, we were in full compliance with each of these covenants and believe it is unlikely we will fail to meet any of these covenants in the foreseeable future.
liquidity is also provided by our $4 billion commercial paper program, which we increased by $2 billion during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020. during the fiscal year ended may 31, 2020, the maximum amount of commercial paper borrowings outstanding at any point was $1,456 million. as of may 31, 2020, we had $248 million of commercial paper outstanding at a weighted average interest rate of 1.65%. no commercial paper was outstanding as of may 31, 2019.
we may continue to issue commercial paper or other debt securities depending on general corporate needs. we currently have short-term debt ratings of a1+ and p1 from standard and poor's corporation and moody's investor services, respectively.
to date, in fiscal 2020, we have not experienced difficulty accessing the credit markets; however, future volatility in the capital markets may increase costs associated with issuing commercial paper or other debt instruments or affect our ability to access those markets.
as of may 31, 2020, we had cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments totaling $8.8 billion, primarily consisting of commercial paper, corporate notes, deposits held at major banks, money market funds, u.s. government sponsored enterprise obligations, u.s. treasury obligations and other investment grade fixed-income securities. our fixed-income investments are exposed to both credit and interest rate risk. all of our investments are investment grade to minimize our credit risk. while individual securities have varying durations, as of may 31, 2020, the weighted-average days to maturity of our cash equivalents and short-term investments portfolio was 14 days.
we believe that existing cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments and cash generated by operations, together with access to external sources of funds as described above, will be sufficient to meet our domestic and foreign capital needs in the foreseeable future.
we utilize a variety of tax planning and financing strategies to manage our worldwide cash and deploy funds to locations where they are needed. we indefinitely reinvest a significant portion of our foreign earnings, and our current plans do not demonstrate a need to repatriate these earnings. should we require additional capital in the united states, we may determine to repatriate indefinitely reinvested foreign funds or raise capital in the united states through debt. given our existing structure, if we were to repatriate indefinitely reinvested foreign earnings, we would be required to accrue and pay withholding taxes in certain foreign jurisdictions.
off-balance sheet arrangements in connection with various contracts and agreements, we routinely provide indemnification relating to the enforceability of intellectual property rights, coverage for legal issues that arise and other items where we are acting as the guarantor. currently, we have several such agreements in place. based on our historical experience and the estimated probability of future loss, we have determined that the fair value of such indemnification is not material to our financial position or results of operations.
contractual obligations our significant long-term contractual obligations as of may 31, 2020, and significant endorsement contracts, including related marketing commitments, entered into through the date of this report are as follows:
description of commitment                                                                                       cash payments due during the year ending may 31,
(dollars in millions)                                2021             2022             2023             2024             2025        thereafter            total operating leases                                $550             $514             $456             $416             $374           $1,474            $3,784
long-term debt(1)                                289              286              786              275            1,275           11,541            14,452
endorsement contracts(2)                       1,330            1,471            1,178            1,064            1,135            3,164             9,342
product purchase obligations(3)                4,234                -                -                -                -                -             4,234
other purchase obligations(4)                  1,085              345              189              136              127              345             2,227
transition tax related to the tax act(5)          86               86               86              161              215              268               902
total                                         $7,574           $2,702           $2,695           $2,052           $3,126          $16,792           $34,941
(1)   the cash payments due for long-term debt include estimated interest payments. estimates of interest payments are based on outstanding principal amounts, applicable fixed interest rates or currently effective interest rates as of may 31, 2020 (if variable), timing of scheduled payments and the term of the debt obligations.
(2)   the amounts listed for endorsement contracts represent approximate amounts of base compensation and minimum guaranteed royalty fees we are obligated to pay athlete, public figure, sport team and league endorsers of our products. actual payments under some contracts may be higher than the

amounts listed as these contracts provide for bonuses to be paid to the endorsers based upon athletic achievements and/or royalties on product sales in future periods. actual payments under some contracts may also be lower as these contracts include provisions for reduced payments if athletic performance declines in future periods.
in addition to the cash payments, we are obligated to furnish our endorsers with nike product for their use. it is not possible to determine how much we will spend on this product on an annual basis as the contracts generally do not stipulate a specific amount of cash to be spent on the product. the amount of product provided to the endorsers will depend on many factors, including general playing conditions, the number of sporting events in which they participate and our own decisions regarding product and marketing initiatives. in addition, the costs to design, develop, source and purchase the products furnished to the endorsers are incurred over a period of time and are not necessarily tracked separately from similar costs incurred for products sold to customers.
(3)   we generally order product at least four to five months in advance of sale based primarily on advanced orders received from external wholesale customers and internal orders from our direct to consumer operations. the amounts listed for product purchase obligations represent agreements (including open purchase orders) to purchase products in the ordinary course of business that are enforceable and legally binding and specify all significant terms. in some cases, prices are subject to change throughout the production process.
(4)   other purchase obligations primarily include construction, service and marketing commitments, including marketing commitments associated with endorsement contracts, made in the ordinary course of business. the amounts represent the minimum payments required by legally binding contracts and agreements that specify all significant terms, and may include open purchase orders for non-product purchases.
(5)   represents the future cash payments due as part of the transition tax on deemed repatriation of undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries, which is reflected net of foreign tax credits we utilized. refer to note 9 - income taxes in the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
in addition to the above, we have long-term obligations for uncertain tax positions and various post-retirement benefits for which we are not able to reasonably estimate when cash payments will occur. refer to note 9 - income taxes and note 13 - benefit plans in the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements for further information related to uncertain tax positions and post-retirement benefits, respectively.
we also have the following outstanding short-term debt obligations as of may 31, 2020. refer to note 7 - short-term borrowings and credit lines in the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements for further description and interest rates related to the short-term debt obligations listed below.
(dollars in millions)                                                                       as of may 31, 2020
notes payable, due at mutually agreed-upon dates within one year of issuance or on demand   $248
as of may 31, 2020, we had bank guarantees and letters of credit outstanding totaling $239 million, issued primarily for real estate agreements, self-insurance programs and other general business obligations.
new accounting pronouncements refer to note 1 - summary of significant accounting policies in the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements for recently adopted accounting standards.
critical accounting policies our previous discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america. the preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. note 1 - summary of significant accounting policies in the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements describes the significant accounting policies and methods used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements.
we believe the estimates, assumptions and judgments involved in the accounting policies described below have the greatest potential impact on our consolidated financial statements, so we consider these to be our critical accounting policies and estimates. management has reviewed and discussed these critical accounting policies with the audit & finance committee of the board of directors.
these policies require that we make estimates in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements as of a given date. because of the uncertainty inherent in these matters, actual results could differ from the estimates we use in applying the critical accounting policies. within the context of these critical accounting policies, we are not currently aware of any reasonably likely events or circumstances that would result in materially different amounts being reported.
revenue recognition on june 1, 2018, we adopted accounting standards update (asu) no. 2014-09, revenue from contracts with customers (topic 606), using the modified retrospective method of adoption. prior to fiscal 2019, amounts have not been restated and continue to be reported in accordance with our historical accounting policies. our revenue recognition policies under topic 606 are described
2020 form 10-k in the following paragraphs and references to prior period policies under accounting standard codification topic 605 - revenue recognition, are included below in the event they are substantially different.
revenue transactions associated with the sale of nike brand footwear, apparel and equipment, as well as converse products, comprise a single performance obligation, which consists of the sale of products to customers either through wholesale or direct to consumer channels. we satisfy the performance obligation and record revenues when transfer of control has passed to the customer, based on the terms of sale. a customer is considered to have control once they are able to direct the use and receive substantially all of the benefits of the product. transfer of control passes to wholesale customers upon shipment or upon receipt depending on the country of the sale and the agreement with the customer. control passes to retail store customers at the time of sale and to substantially all digital commerce customers upon shipment. prior to fiscal 2019, the requirements for recognizing revenue were met upon delivery to the customer. the transaction price is determined based upon the invoiced sales price, less anticipated sales returns, discounts and miscellaneous claims from customers. payment terms for wholesale transactions depend on the country of sale or agreement with the customer and payment is generally required within 90 days or less of shipment to or receipt by the wholesale customer. payment is due at the time of sale for retail store and digital commerce transactions.
as part of our revenue recognition policy, consideration promised in our contracts with customers is variable due to anticipated reductions such as sales returns, discounts and miscellaneous claims from customers. we estimate the most likely amount we will be entitled to receive and record an anticipated reduction against revenues, with an offsetting increase to accrued liabilities at the time revenues are recognized. the estimated cost of inventory for product returns is recorded in prepaid expenses and other current assets on the consolidated balance sheets. prior to fiscal 2019, reserve balances were reported net of the estimated cost of inventory for product returns and recognized within accounts receivable, net for wholesale transactions and accrued liabilities for our direct to consumer business, on the consolidated balance sheets.
the provision for anticipated sales returns consists of both contractual return rights and discretionary authorized returns. provisions for post-invoice sales discounts consist of both contractual programs and discretionary discounts that are expected to be granted at a later date.
estimates of discretionary authorized returns, discounts and claims are based on (1) historical rates, (2) specific identification of outstanding returns not yet received from customers and outstanding discounts and claims and (3) estimated returns, discounts and claims expected but not yet finalized with customers. actual returns, discounts and claims in any future period are inherently uncertain and may differ from estimates recorded. if actual or expected future returns, discounts or claims were significantly different than reserves established, a reduction or increase to net revenues would be recorded in the period in which such determination was made.
refer also to note 1 - summary of significant accounting policies and note 16 - revenues for additional information in the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.
inventory reserves we make ongoing estimates relating to the net realizable value of inventories based upon our assumptions about future demand and market conditions. if we estimate the net realizable value of our inventory is less than the cost of the inventory recorded on our books, we record a reserve equal to the difference between the cost of the inventory and the estimated net realizable value. this reserve is recorded as a charge to cost of sales. if changes in market conditions result in reductions to the estimated net realizable value of our inventory below our previous estimate, we would increase our reserve in the period in which we made such a determination.
contingent payments under endorsement contracts a significant amount of our demand creation expense relates to payments under endorsement contracts. in general, endorsement payments are expensed on a straight-line basis over the term of the contract. however, certain contract elements may be accounted for differently based upon the facts and circumstances of each individual contract.
certain contracts provide for contingent payments to endorsers based upon specific achievements in their sports (e.g., winning a championship). we record demand creation expense for these amounts when the endorser achieves the specific goal.
certain contracts provide for variable payments based upon endorsers maintaining a level of performance in their sport over an extended period of time (e.g., maintaining a specified ranking in a sport for a year). when we determine payments are probable, the amounts are reported in demand creation expense ratably over the contract period based on our best estimate of the endorser's performance. in these instances, to the extent actual payments to the endorser differ from our estimate due to changes in the endorser's performance, adjustments to demand creation expense may be recorded in a future period.
certain contracts provide for royalty payments to endorsers based upon a predetermined percent of sales of particular products, which we record in cost of sales as the related sales occur. for contracts containing minimum guaranteed royalty payments, we
2020 form 10-k record the amount of any guaranteed payment in excess of that earned through sales of product within demand creation expense.
property, plant and equipment and definite-lived assets we review the carrying value of long-lived assets or asset groups to be used in operations whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of the assets might not be recoverable. factors that would necessitate an impairment assessment include a significant adverse change in the extent or manner in which an asset is used, a significant adverse change in legal factors or the business climate that could affect the value of the asset or a significant decline in the observable market value of an asset, among others. if such facts indicate a potential impairment, we would assess the recoverability of an asset group by determining if the carrying value of the asset group exceeds the sum of the projected undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the assets over the remaining economic life of the primary asset in the asset group. if the recoverability test indicates the carrying value of the asset group is not recoverable, we will estimate the fair value of the asset group using appropriate valuation methodologies that would typically include an estimate of discounted cash flows. any impairment would be measured as the difference between the asset group's carrying amount and its estimated fair value.
hedge accounting for derivatives we use derivative contracts to hedge certain anticipated foreign currency and interest rate transactions as well as certain non-functional currency monetary assets and liabilities. when the specific criteria to qualify for hedge accounting has been met, changes in the fair value of contracts hedging probable forecasted future cash flows are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), rather than net income, until the underlying hedged transaction affects net income. in most cases, this results in gains and losses on hedge derivatives being released from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) into net income sometime after the maturity of the derivative. one of the criteria for this accounting treatment is that the notional value of these derivative contracts should not be in excess of the designated amount of anticipated transactions. by their very nature, our estimates of anticipated transactions may fluctuate over time and may ultimately vary from actual transactions. when the designated amount of anticipated or actual transactions decline below hedged levels, or if it is no longer probable a forecasted transaction will occur by the end of the originally specified time period or within an additional two-month period of time thereafter, we are required to reclassify the cumulative change in fair value of the over-hedged portion of the related hedge contract from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) to other (income) expense, net during the quarter in which the decrease occurs. in rare circumstances, the additional period of time may exceed two months due to extenuating circumstances related to the nature of the forecasted transaction that are outside our control or influence.
income taxes we are subject to taxation in the united states, as well as various state and foreign jurisdictions. the determination of our provision for income taxes requires significant judgment, the use of estimates and the interpretation and application of complex tax laws. on an interim basis, we estimate our effective tax rate for the full fiscal year. this estimated annual effective tax rate is then applied to the year-to-date income before income taxes excluding infrequently occurring or unusual items, to determine the year-to-date income tax expense. the income tax effects of infrequent or unusual items are recognized in the interim period in which they occur. as the fiscal year progresses, we continually refine our estimate based upon actual events and earnings by jurisdiction during the year. this continual estimation process periodically results in a change to our expected effective tax rate for the fiscal year. when this occurs, we adjust the income tax provision during the quarter in which the change in estimate occurs.
we record valuation allowances against our deferred tax assets, when necessary. realization of deferred tax assets (such as net operating loss carry-forwards) is dependent on future taxable earnings and is therefore uncertain. at least quarterly, we assess the likelihood that our deferred tax asset balance will be recovered from future taxable income. to the extent we believe that recovery is not likely, we establish a valuation allowance against our net deferred tax asset, which increases our income tax expense in the period when such determination is made.
we have not recorded withholding tax expense for foreign earnings we have determined to be indefinitely reinvested within certain of our foreign jurisdictions. the amount of earnings indefinitely reinvested offshore is due to the actual deployment of such earnings in our offshore operations and our expectations of the future cash needs of our u.s. and foreign entities. withholding tax consequences are also a factor in determining the amount of foreign earnings to be indefinitely reinvested offshore.
we carefully review all factors that drive the ultimate disposition of foreign earnings determined to be reinvested offshore and apply stringent standards to overcome the presumption of repatriation. despite this approach, because the determination is based on expected working capital and other capital needs in jurisdictions where the earnings are generated, the possibility exists that foreign earnings declared as indefinitely reinvested may be repatriated. for instance, the actual cash needs of our u.s. operations may exceed our current expectations, or the actual cash needs of our foreign entities may be less than our current expectations. this would result in additional withholding tax expense in the year we determined amounts were no longer indefinitely reinvested offshore.
2020 form 10-k on a quarterly basis, we evaluate the probability a tax position will be effectively sustained and the appropriateness of the amount recognized for uncertain tax positions based on factors including changes in facts or circumstances, changes in tax law, settled audit issues and new audit activity. changes in our assessment may result in the recognition of a tax benefit or an additional charge to the tax provision in the period our assessment changes. we recognize interest and penalties related to income tax matters in income tax expense.
on december 22, 2017, the united states enacted the tax act, which significantly changed previous u.s. tax laws, including provisions for a one-time transition tax on deemed repatriation of undistributed foreign earnings, and a reduction in the corporate tax rate from 35% to 21% for tax years beginning after december 31, 2017, among other changes. the tax act also transitions u.s. international taxation from a worldwide system to a modified territorial system and includes base erosion prevention measures on non-u.s. earnings, which has the effect of subjecting certain earnings of our foreign subsidiaries to u.s. taxation. certain provisions of the tax act, including a provision to tax global intangible low-taxed income (gilti) of foreign subsidiaries, were not effective for the company until fiscal 2019. in accordance with u.s. gaap, the company has made an accounting policy election to treat taxes due under the gilti provision as a current period expense.
implementation of the tax act required us to record incremental provisional tax expense in fiscal 2018, which increased our effective tax rate in fiscal 2018. we completed our analysis of the tax act in the second quarter of fiscal 2019 and no adjustments were made to the provisional amounts recorded.
refer to note 9 - income taxes in the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
other contingencies in the ordinary course of business, we are involved in legal proceedings regarding contractual and employment relationships, product liability claims, trademark rights and a variety of other matters. we record contingent liabilities resulting from claims against us when a loss is assessed to be probable and the amount of the loss is reasonably estimable. assessing probability of loss and estimating probable losses requires analysis of multiple factors, including in some cases judgments about the potential actions of third-party claimants and courts. recorded contingent liabilities are based on the best information available and actual losses in any future period are inherently uncertain. if future adjustments to estimated probable future losses or actual losses exceed our recorded liability for such claims, we would record additional charges during the period in which the actual loss or change in estimate occurred. in addition to contingent liabilities recorded for probable losses, we disclose contingent liabilities when there is a reasonable possibility the ultimate loss will materially exceed the recorded liability. while we cannot predict the outcome of pending legal matters with certainty, we do not believe any currently identified claim, proceeding or litigation, either individually or in aggregate, will have a material impact on our results of operations, financial position or cash flows.

