item 1a - risk factors nrg's risk factors are grouped into the following categories: (i) risks related to public health threats; (ii) risks related to the acquisition of direct energy; (iii) risks related to the operation of nrg's business; (iv) risks related to governmental regulation and laws; and (v) risks related to the company's indebtedness and economic and financial market conditions.
risks related to public health threats public health threats or outbreaks of communicable diseases could have a material adverse effect on the company's operations and financial results.
the company may face risks related to public health threats or outbreaks of communicable diseases. a widespread healthcare crisis, such as an outbreak of a communicable disease, could adversely affect the global economy and the company's ability to conduct its business for an indefinite period of time. for example, the ongoing global covid-19 pandemic has negatively impacted local and global economies, disrupted financial markets and international trade, resulted in increased unemployment levels and impacted local and global supply chains, all of which negatively impact the electricity industry and the company's business. in addition, federal, state, and local governments have implemented various mitigation measures, including travel restrictions, border closings, restrictions on public gatherings, shelter-in-place orders and limitations on business activities. although the operations of the company are considered an essential service, some of these measures have adversely impacted the ability of nrg employees, contractors, suppliers, customers, and other business partners to conduct business activities. this could have a material adverse effect on the company's results of operations, financial condition, risk exposure and liquidity.
in particular, the continued spread of covid-19 and efforts to contain the virus could:
•adversely impact demand for the company's electricity services and other products and services and the ability of customers to pay their bills;
•cause an increase in costs for the company as a result of emergency measures taken by state and local regulatory authorities in response to the covid-19 crisis, including regulatory changes prohibiting customer disconnects and late fees;
•impact the ability of the company's partners or counterparties to perform their obligations under existing arrangements, including development projects, power purchase and sale arrangements, hedging arrangements or other commercial activities; and
•cause other unpredicted events which may have an adverse impact on the company's results of operations, financial condition, risk exposure and liquidity.
the situation surrounding covid-19 remains fluid and the potential for a material impact on the company's results of operations, financial condition, risk exposure and liquidity increases the longer the virus, or any variants thereof, impacts the level of economic activity in the united states and abroad. nrg cannot reasonably estimate with any degree of certainty the future impact of covid-19, or any resurgence of covid-19 or other pandemic may have on the company's results of operations, financial position, risk exposure and liquidity.
risks related to the acquisition of direct energy the acquisition of direct energy may not achieve its intended results.
achieving the anticipated benefits of cost savings and operating efficiencies of the acquisition is subject to a number of uncertainties, including whether the businesses of nrg and direct energy are integrated in an efficient and effective manner. failure to achieve these anticipated benefits could result in increased costs, lower-than-expected revenues or income generated by the combined company and diversion of management's time and energy, which could have an adverse effect on the company's business, financial results and prospects.
the company will be subject to business uncertainties related to direct energy that could adversely affect its financial results.
uncertainty about the effects of the acquisition of direct energy on employees, customers and suppliers may have an adverse effect on nrg's business. although the company intends to take steps designed to reduce any adverse effects, these uncertainties may impair its ability to attract, retain and motivate key personnel for a period of time, and could cause customers, suppliers and others that deal with it to seek to change existing business relationships.
employee retention and recruitment may be particularly challenging, as employees and prospective employees may experience uncertainty about their future roles with the company. if, despite the company's retention and recruiting efforts, key employees depart or fail to accept employment with nrg because of issues relating to the uncertainty and difficulty of integration or a desire not to remain with nrg, the company's financial results could be affected.
the integration of nrg and direct energy may disrupt or have a negative impact on the company's business.
the acquisition of direct energy is complex, and the company will devote significant time and resources to integrating its operations with the operations of nrg. nrg could have difficulty integrating the acquired assets and personnel of direct energy with its own. the integration of nrg and direct energy may place a significant burden on management and internal resources. the diversion of management attention away from ongoing business concerns and any difficulties encountered in the transition and integration process could affect the company's business, results of operations and financial condition. risks that could impact the company negatively include:
•the difficulty of managing and integrating direct energy and its operations;
•the potential disruption of the ongoing businesses and distraction of management;
•changes in our business focus and/or management;
•difficulties in implementing and maintaining uniform processes, systems, standards, controls, procedures, practices, policies and compensation standards;
•unanticipated issues in integrating information technology, communications, and other systems;
•the possibility of faulty assumptions underlying expectations regarding the integration process;
•the potential impairment of relationships with employees and partners as a result of any integration of new management personnel;
•unforeseen expenses associated with the acquisition of direct energy, including delays to the integration of direct energy's business as a result of the covid-19 pandemic;
•the potential difficulty in managing an increased number of locations and employees;
•the potential loss of valuable employees;
•difficulty addressing any possible differences in corporate cultures and management philosophies;
•unanticipated changes in federal or state laws or regulations; and
•the effect of any government regulations which relate to the business acquired.
if the company is not successful in addressing these risks effectively, the business could be impacted. many of these factors will be outside of the company's control, and any one of them could result in delays, increased costs, decreases in the amount of expected revenues and diversion of management's time and energy, which could materially affect nrg's business, results of operations and financial condition.
risks related to the operation of nrg's business nrg's financial performance may be impacted by price fluctuations in the retail and wholesale power and natural gas markets, as well as fluctuations in coal and oil markets and other market factors that are beyond the company's control.
market prices for power, capacity, ancillary services, natural gas, coal and oil are unpredictable and tend to fluctuate substantially. unlike most other commodities, electric power can only be stored on a very limited basis and generally must be produced concurrently with its use. as a result, power prices are subject to significant volatility due to supply and demand imbalances, especially in the day-ahead and spot markets. long and short-term power and gas prices may also fluctuate substantially due to other factors outside of the company's control, including:
•changes in generation capacity in the company's markets, including the addition of new supplies of power as a result of the development of new plants, expansion of existing plants, the continued operation of uneconomic power plants due to state subsidies, or additional transmission capacity;
•environmental regulations and legislation;
•electric supply disruptions, including plant outages and transmission disruptions;
•changes in power and gas transmission infrastructure;
•fuel price volatility and transportation capacity constraints or inefficiencies;
•changes in law, including judicial decisions;
•weather conditions, including extreme weather conditions and seasonal fluctuations, including the effects of climate change;
•changes in commodity prices and the supply of commodities, including but not limited to natural gas, coal and oil;
•changes in the demand for power or gas, or in patterns of power or gas usage, including the potential development of demand-side management tools and practices, distributed generation, and more efficient end-use technologies;
•development of new fuels, new technologies and new forms of competition for the production of power;
•economic and political conditions;
•federal, state and provincial power regulations and legislation, and regulations and actions of the iso and rtos;
•changes in prices related to recs; and
•changes in capacity prices and capacity markets.
while retail rates are generally designed to allow retail sellers of electricity and natural gas to pass through price fluctuations and other changes to costs, the company may not be able to pass through all such changes to customers. for example, serving retail power customers in isos that have a capacity market exposes the company to the risk that capacity costs can change and may not be recoverable, or the company may engage in sales of power at fixed prices. additionally, increases in wholesale costs to retail customers may cause additional customer defaults or increased customer attrition, or may be limited by regulatory rules.
further, low natural gas prices can cause natural gas to be the more cost-competitive fuel compared to coal for generating electricity. because the company enters into guaranteed supply contracts to provide for the amount of coal needed to operate its base load coal-fired generating facilities, the company may experience periods where it holds excess amounts of coal if fuel pricing results in the company reducing or idling coal-fired generating facilities. in addition, the company may incur costs to terminate supply contracts for coal in excess of its generating requirements.
such factors and the associated fluctuations in power prices have affected the company's wholesale and retail profitability in the past and are expected to continue to do so in the future.
volatile power and gas supply costs and demand for power and gas could adversely affect the financial performance of nrg's retail operations.
nrg's retail power operations purchase a significant portion of their supply from third parties. all of the gas sold by the company in retail and wholesale markets is purchased from third parties. as a result, financial performance depends on the ability to obtain adequate supplies of power and gas from third parties at prices below the prices it charges its customers. consequently, the company's earnings and cash flows could be adversely affected in any period in which the wholesale power or gas prices rise at a greater rate than the rates the company can charge to customers. the price of wholesale electricity and gas supply purchases associated with the retail operations' energy commitments can be different than that reflected in the rates charged to customers due to, among other factors:
•varying supply procurement contracts used and the timing of entering into related contracts;
•subsequent changes in the overall price of natural gas;
•daily, monthly or seasonal fluctuations in the price of natural gas relative to the 12-month forward prices;
•transmission and transportation constraints and the company's ability to move power or gas to its customers; and
•changes in market heat rate (i.e., the relationship between power and natural gas prices).
the company's earnings and cash flows could also be adversely affected in any period in which its customers' actual usage of electricity or gas significantly varies from the forecasted usage, which could occur due to, among other factors, weather events, changes in usage patterns, competition and economic conditions.
substantially all of nrg's businesses operates, wholly or partially, without long-term power sale agreements.
many of nrg's retail customers are contracted for a period of one year or less, and nrg may or may not hedge its retail power sales exposure, or may hedge in a manner that is not effective at managing quantity or price risk in the retail market. in addition, many of nrg's generation facilities are exposed to market risk because they operate as "merchant" facilities without long-term power sales agreements for some or all of their generating capacity and output. without the benefit of long-term power sales or purchase agreements, and without long-term load obligations, nrg cannot be sure that it will be able to sell or purchase power at commercially attractive rates or that its generation facilities will be able to operate profitably. this could lead to future impairments of the company's property, plants and equipment, the closing of certain of its facilities or the loss of retail customers, which could have a material adverse effect on the company's results of operations, financial condition or cash flows.
competition may have a material adverse effect on nrg's results of operations, cash flows and the market value of its assets.
nrg has numerous competitors in all aspects of its business, and additional competitors may enter the industry. the company's retail operations specifically face competition for customers. competitors may offer different products, lower prices, and other incentives, which may attract customers away from the company. in some retail electricity markets, the principal competitor may be the incumbent utility. the incumbent utility has the advantage of long-standing relationships with its customers and strong brand recognition. furthermore, nrg may face competition from other energy service providers, other energy industry participants, or nationally branded providers of consumer products and services, who may develop businesses that will compete with nrg.
the company's plant operations face competition from newer or more efficient plants owned by competitors, which may put some of the company's plants at a disadvantage to the extent these competitors are able to consume the same or less fuel as the company's plant. over time, the company's plants may be unable to compete with these more efficient plants, which could result in retirements.
nrg's competitors may have greater liquidity, greater access to credit and other financial resources, lower cost structures, more effective risk management policies and procedures, greater ability to incur losses, longer-standing relationships with customers, greater potential for profitability from retail sales or greater flexibility in the timing of their sale of generation capacity and ancillary services than nrg does. competitors may also have better access to subsidies or other out-of-market payments that put nrg at a competitive disadvantage.
nrg's competitors may be able to respond more quickly to new laws or regulations or emerging technologies, or to devote greater resources to marketing of retail power than nrg can. in addition, current and potential competitors may make strategic acquisitions or establish cooperative relationships among themselves or with third parties. accordingly, it is possible that new competitors or alliances among current and new competitors may emerge and rapidly gain significant market share.
there can be no assurance that nrg will be able to compete successfully against current and future competitors, and any failure to do so would have a material adverse effect on the company's business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flow.
nrg's costs, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be adversely impacted by disruption of its fuel supplies.
nrg relies on natural gas, coal and oil to fuel a majority of its power generation facilities. grid operations depend on the continuing financial viability of contractual counterparties, as well as the infrastructure (including rail lines, rail cars, barge facilities, roadways, riverways and natural gas pipelines) available to serve generation facilities and to ensure that there is sufficient power produced to meet retail demand. as a result, the company's wholesale generation facilities are subject to the risks of disruptions or curtailments in the production of power at its generation facilities if no fuel is available at any price, if a counterparty fails to perform or if there is a disruption in the fuel delivery infrastructure.
nrg routinely hedges both its wholesale sales and purchases to support its retail load obligations. in order to hedge these obligations, the company may enter into long-term and short-term contracts for the purchase and delivery of fuel. many of the forward power sales contracts do not allow the company to pass through changes in fuel costs or discharge the power sale obligations in the case of a disruption in fuel supply due to force majeure events or the default of a fuel supplier or transporter.
disruptions in the company's fuel supplies or power supply arrangements may therefore require it to find alternative fuel sources at higher costs, to find other sources of power to deliver to retail customers or other counterparties at a higher cost, or to pay damages to counterparties for failure to deliver power or sell electricity or natural gas as contracted. any such event could have a material adverse effect on the company's financial performance.
nrg also buys significant quantities of electricity and fuel on a short-term or spot market basis. prices sometimes rise or fall significantly over a relatively short period of time. the price nrg can obtain for the sale of energy may not rise at the same rate, or may not rise at all, to match a rise in fuel or delivery costs. retail rates may also not rise at the same rate or may not rise at all. this may have a material adverse effect on the company's financial performance.
nrg's plant operating characteristics and equipment, particularly at its coal-fired plants, often dictate the specific fuel quality to be combusted. the availability and price of specific fuel qualities may vary due to supplier financial or operational disruptions, transportation disruptions and force majeure. at times, coal of specific quality may not be available at any price or the company may not be able to transport such coal to its facilities on a timely basis. in this case, the company may not be able to run the coal facility even if it would be profitable. operating a coal facility with different quality coal can lead to emission or operating problems. if the company had sold forward the power from such a coal facility, it could be required to supply or purchase power from alternate sources, perhaps at a loss. this could have a material adverse impact on the financial results of specific plants and on the company's results of operations.
there may be periods when nrg will not be able to meet its commitments under forward sale or purchase obligations at a reasonable cost or at all.
the company may sell fixed price gas as a proxy for power. because the obligations under most of the company's forward sale agreements are not contingent on a unit being available to generate power, nrg is generally required to deliver power to the buyer, even in the event of a plant outage, fuel supply disruption or a reduction in the available capacity of the unit. to the extent that the company does not have sufficient lower-cost capacity to meet its commitments under its forward sale obligations, the company would be required to supply replacement power either by running its other, higher cost power plants or by obtaining power from third-party sources at market prices that could substantially exceed the contract price. if nrg fails to deliver the contracted power, it would be required to pay the difference between the market price at the delivery point and the contract price, and the amount of such payments could be substantial.
nrg's trading operations and use of hedging agreements could result in financial losses that negatively impact its results of operations, and nrg's hedging activities may increase the volatility in the company's quarterly and annual financial results.
the company typically enters into hedging agreements, including contracts to purchase or sell commodities at future dates and at fixed prices, to manage the commodity price risks inherent in its business. the company's risk management policies and hedging procedures may not mitigate risk as planned, and the company may fail to fully or effectively hedge its commodity supply and price risk. in addition, these activities, although intended to mitigate price volatility, expose the company to other risks. when the company sells or buys power or gas forward, it gives up the opportunity to buy or sell at the future price, which not only may result in lost opportunity costs but also may require the company to post significant amounts of cash collateral or other credit support to its counterparties. the company also relies on counterparty performance under its hedging agreements and is exposed to the credit quality of its counterparties under those agreements. further, if the values of the financial contracts change in a manner that the company does not anticipate, or if a counterparty fails to perform under a contract, it could harm the company's business, operating results or financial position.
nrg does not typically hedge the entire exposure of its operations against commodity price volatility. to the extent it does not hedge against commodity price volatility, the company's results of operations and financial position may be improved or diminished based upon movement in commodity prices.
nrg may engage in trading activities, including the trading of power, fuel and emissions allowances that are not directly related to the operation of the company's generation facilities or the management of related risks. these trading activities take place in volatile markets and some of these trades could be characterized as speculative. the company would expect to settle these trades financially rather than through the production of power or the delivery of fuel. this trading activity may expose the company to the risk of significant financial losses which could have a material adverse effect on its business and financial condition.
nrg generally attempts to balance its fixed-price physical and financial purchases and sales commitments in terms of contract volumes and the timing of performance and delivery obligations through the use of financial and physical derivative contracts. these derivatives are accounted for in accordance with the fasb asc 815, derivatives and hedging, or asc 815, which requires the company to record all derivatives on the balance sheet at fair value with changes in the fair value resulting from fluctuations in the underlying commodity prices immediately recognized in earnings, unless the derivative qualifies for cash flow hedge accounting treatment or a scope exception. as a result, the company's quarterly and annual results are subject to significant fluctuations caused by changes in market prices.
nrg may not have sufficient liquidity to hedge market risks effectively.
the company is exposed to market risks through its retail and wholesale operations, which involve the purchase of electricity and natural gas for resale, the sale of energy, capacity and related products, and the purchase and sale of fuel, transmission services and emission allowances. these market risks include, among other risks, volatility arising from location and timing differences that may be associated with buying and transporting fuel, converting fuel into energy and delivering energy to a buyer.
nrg undertakes these market activities through agreements with various counterparties. many of the company's agreements with counterparties include provisions that require the company to provide guarantees, offset or netting arrangements, letters of credit, a first lien on assets and/or cash collateral to protect the counterparties against the risk of the company's default or insolvency. the amount of such credit support that must be provided typically is based on the difference between the price of the commodity in a given contract and the market price of the commodity. significant movements in market prices can result in the company being required to provide cash collateral and letters of credit in very large amounts. the effectiveness of the company's strategy may depend on the amount of collateral available to enter into or maintain these contracts, and liquidity requirements may be greater than the company anticipates or will be able to meet. without a sufficient amount of working capital to post as collateral in support of performance guarantees or as a cash margin, the company may not be able to manage price volatility effectively or to implement its strategy. an increase in the amount of letters of credit or cash collateral required to be provided to the company's counterparties may negatively affect the company's liquidity and financial condition.
further, if any of nrg's facilities experience unplanned outages or if retail customers use more power or gas than expected, the company may be required to procure additional power or gas at spot market prices to fulfill contractual commitments. without adequate liquidity to meet margin and collateral requirements, the company may be exposed to significant losses, may miss significant opportunities, and may have increased exposure to the volatility of spot markets.
operation of power generation facilities involves significant risks and hazards customary to the power industry that could have a material adverse effect on nrg's revenues and results of operations, and nrg may not have adequate insurance to cover these risks and hazards.
the ongoing operation of nrg's facilities involves risks that include the breakdown or failure of equipment or processes, performance below expected levels of output or efficiency and the inability to transport the company's product to its customers in an efficient manner due to a lack of transmission capacity. unplanned outages of generating units, including extensions of scheduled outages due to mechanical failures or other problems occur from time to time and are an inherent risk of the company's business. unplanned outages typically increase the company's operation and maintenance expenses and may reduce the company's revenues as a result of selling fewer mwh or non-performance penalties or require nrg to incur significant costs as a result of running one of its higher cost units or obtaining replacement power from third parties in the open market to satisfy the company's forward power sales obligations. nrg's inability to operate the company's plants efficiently, manage capital expenditures and costs, and generate earnings and cash flow from the company's asset-based businesses could have a material adverse effect on the company's results of operations, financial condition or cash flows.
in addition, nrg provides plant operations and commercial services to a variety of third-parties. there is a risk that mistakes, mis-operations, or actions taken by these third-parties could be attributed to nrg, including the risk of investigation or penalties being assessed to nrg in connection with the services it offers, or that regulators could question whether nrg had the appropriate safeguards in place.
power generation involves hazardous activities, including acquiring, transporting and unloading fuel, operating large pieces of rotating equipment and delivering electricity to transmission and distribution systems. in addition to natural risks such as earthquake, flood, lightning, hurricane and wind, other hazards, such as fire, explosion, structural collapse and machinery failure are inherent risks in the company's operations. these and other hazards can cause significant personal injury or loss of life, severe damage to and destruction of property, plant and equipment, contamination of, or damage to, the environment and suspension of operations. the occurrence of any one of these events may result in nrg being named as a defendant in lawsuits asserting claims for substantial damages, including for environmental cleanup costs, personal injury and property damage and fines and/or penalties.
nrg maintains an amount of insurance protection that it considers adequate, obtains warranties from vendors and obligates contractors to meet certain performance levels, but the company cannot provide any assurance that these measures will be sufficient or effective under all circumstances and against all hazards or liabilities to which it may be subject. a successful claim for which the company is not fully insured or protected could hurt its financial results and materially harm nrg's financial condition. nrg cannot provide any assurance that its insurance coverage will continue to be available at all or at rates or on terms similar to those presently available. any losses not covered by insurance could have a material adverse effect on the company's financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
maintenance, expansion and refurbishment of power generation facilities involve significant risks that could result in unplanned power outages or reduced output and could have a material adverse effect on nrg's results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.
many of nrg's facilities require periodic maintenance and repair. any unexpected failure, including failure associated with breakdowns, forced outages or any unanticipated capital expenditures could result in reduced profitability.
nrg cannot be certain of the level of capital expenditures that will be required due to changing environmental and safety laws (including changes in the interpretation or enforcement thereof) needed facility repairs and unexpected events (such as natural disasters or terrorist attacks). the unexpected requirement of large capital expenditures could have a material adverse effect on the company's liquidity and financial condition.
nrg and its subsidiaries have guaranteed the performance of third parties, which may result in substantial costs in the event of non-performance.
nrg and its subsidiaries have issued certain guarantees of the performance of others, which obligate nrg and its subsidiaries to perform in the event that the third parties do not perform. in the event of non-performance by the third parties, nrg could incur substantial cost to fulfill their obligations under these guarantees. such performance guarantees could have a material impact on the operating results, financial condition, or cash flows of the company.
supplier and/or customer concentration may expose the company to significant financial credit or performance risks.
nrg often relies on a single contracted supplier or a small number of suppliers for the provision of fuel, transportation of fuel, chemicals and other services required for the operation of certain of its facilities. if these suppliers cannot perform, the company utilizes the marketplace to provide these services. there can be no assurance that the marketplace can provide these services as, when and where required or at comparable prices.
at times, nrg may rely on a single customer or a few customers to purchase all or a significant portion of a facility's output, in some cases under long-term agreements that account for a substantial percentage of the anticipated revenue from a given facility. in many cases for renewable generation, these purchases are specific to a facility, which at times may be in the early stages of development. the company may also hedge a portion of its exposure to power and fuel price fluctuations through various physical or financial agreements with counterparties. counterparties to these agreements may breach or may be unable to perform their obligations, and in case of renewable generation, such counterparties may be subject to additional risks, such as facility development and transmission risks, unfavorable weather and atmospheric conditions, and mechanical or operational failures. nrg may not be able to enter into replacement agreements on terms as favorable as its existing agreements, or at all. if the company was unable to enter into replacement ppas, the company would sell its plants' power at market prices. if the company is unable to enter into replacement fuel or fuel transportation purchase agreements or other replacement hedging agreements, the company would be exposed to market price volatility and the risk that fuel and transportation may not be available during certain periods at any price.
the failure of any supplier or customer to fulfill its contractual obligations to nrg could have a material adverse effect on the company's financial results. consequently, the financial performance of the company's facilities is dependent on the credit quality of, and continued performance by, suppliers and customers.
nrg relies on power transmission and distribution facilities that it does not own or control and that are subject to transmission constraints within a number of the company's core regions.
nrg depends on transmission and distribution facilities owned and operated by others to deliver power to its customers. if transmission or distribution is disrupted, including by force majeure events, or if the transmission or distribution infrastructure is inadequate, nrg's ability to deliver power may be adversely impacted. the company also cannot predict whether transmission or distribution facilities will be expanded in specific markets to accommodate competitive access to those markets.
in addition, in certain of the markets in which nrg operates, energy transmission congestion may occur and the company may be deemed responsible for congestion costs associated with power sales or purchases, or retail sales, particularly where the company's load is not co-located with its retail sales obligations. if nrg were liable for such congestion costs, the company's financial results could be adversely affected.
nrg relies on storage, transportation assets and suppliers, which they do not own or control, to deliver natural gas.
the company depends on natural gas pipelines and other transportation and storage facilities owned and operated by third parties to deliver natural gas to wholesale and retail markets and to provide retail energy services to customers. the company's ability to provide natural gas for its present and projected sales will depend upon its suppliers' ability to obtain and deliver supplies of natural gas, as well as nrg's ability to acquire supplies directly from new sources. factors beyond the control of the company and its suppliers may affect the company's ability to deliver such supplies. these factors include other parties' control over the drilling of new wells and the facilities to transport natural gas to the company's receipt points, development of additional interstate pipeline infrastructure, availability of supply sources competition for the acquisition of natural gas, priority allocations, impact of severe weather disruptions to natural gas supplies and the regulatory and pricing policies of federal and state regulatory agencies, as well as the availability of canadian reserves for export to the u.s. energy deregulation legislation may increase competition among natural gas utilities and impact the quantities of natural gas requirements needed for sales service. if supply, transportation or storage is disrupted, including for reasons of force majeure, the ability of the company to sell and deliver its products and services may be hindered. as a result, the company may be responsible for damages incurred by its customers, such as the additional cost of acquiring alternative supply at then-current market rates. these conditions could have a material impact on the company's financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
rates and terms for service of certain residential and commercial customers in alberta are subject to regulatory review and approval.
as a result of the acquisition of direct energy, the company owns direct energy regulated services, which serves as a regulated rate supplier for residential and commercial energy customers in portions of the province of alberta. it is required to engage in regulatory approval proceedings as a part of the process of establishing the terms and rates for sales of power and natural gas. these proceedings typically involve multiple parties, including governmental bodies and officials, consumer advocacy groups and various consumers of energy, who have differing concerns but who have the common objective of limiting rate increases or even reducing rates. decisions are subject to appeal, potentially leading to additional uncertainty associated with the approval proceedings. the potential duration of such proceedings creates a risk that rates ultimately approved by the applicable regulatory body may not be sufficient for the company to recover its costs by the time the rates become effective. established rates are also subject to subsequent reviews by regulators, whereby various portions of rates could be adjusted, subject to refund or disallowed. in certain instances, the company could agree to negotiated settlements related to various rate matters and other cost recovery elements. these settlements are subject to regulatory approval. the ultimate outcome and timing of regulatory rate proceedings have a significant effect on the company to recover its costs or earn an adequate return. in addition, subsequent legislative or regulatory action could alter the terms on which the regulated business operates and future earnings could be negatively impacted. the company also operates a competitive energy supply business in alberta that is not subject to rate regulation and is subject to stringent requirements to segregate operations and information relating to the competitive business from the regulated business. failure to comply with these and other requirements on the business could subject the company's regulated and competitive businesses in alberta to fines, penalties, and restrictions on the ability to continue business.
because nrg owns less than a majority of the ownership interests of some of its project investments, the company cannot exercise complete control over their operations.
nrg has limited control over the operation of some project investments and joint ventures because the company's investments are in projects where it beneficially owns less than a majority of the ownership interests. nrg seeks to exert a degree of influence with respect to the management and operation of projects in which it owns less than a majority of the ownership interests by negotiating to obtain positions on management committees or to receive certain limited governance rights, such as rights to veto significant actions. however, the company may not always succeed in such negotiations. nrg may be dependent on its co-venturers to operate such projects. the company's co-venturers may not have the level of experience, technical expertise, human resources management or other attributes necessary to operate these projects optimally. the approval of co-venturers also may be required for nrg to receive distributions of funds from projects or to transfer the company's interest in projects.
nrg may be unable to integrate the operations of acquired entities in the manner expected.
nrg enters into acquisitions that result in various benefits, including, among other things, cost savings and operating efficiencies. achieving the anticipated benefits of these acquisitions depends on whether the businesses can be integrated into nrg in an efficient and effective manner. the integration process could take longer than anticipated and could result in the loss of valuable employees, the disruption of nrg's businesses, processes and systems or inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures, practices, policies and compensation arrangements, any of which could divert the attention of management and adversely affect the company's ability to achieve the anticipated benefits of the acquisitions. nrg may have difficulty addressing possible differences in corporate cultures and management philosophies. failure to achieve these anticipated benefits could result in increased costs or decreases in the amount of expected revenues and could adversely affect nrg's future business, financial condition, operating results and prospects.
future acquisition or disposition activities could involve unknown risks and may have materially adverse effects and nrg may be subject to trailing liabilities from businesses that it disposes of or that are inactive.
nrg may in the future acquire or dispose of businesses or assets, acquire or sell books of retail customers, or pursue other business activities, directly or indirectly through subsidiaries, that involve a number of risks. the acquisition of companies and assets is subject to substantial risks, including the failure to identify material problems during due diligence, the risk of over-paying for assets or customers, the ability to retain customers and the inability to arrange financing for an acquisition as may be required or desired. further, the integration and consolidation of acquisitions requires substantial human, financial and other resources and, ultimately, the company's acquisitions may not be successfully integrated. in the case of dispositions, such risks may relate to employment matters, counterparties, regulators and other stakeholders in the disposed business, risks relating to separating the disposed assets from nrg's business, risks related to the management of nrg's ongoing business, risks unknown to nrg at the time, and other financial, legal and operational risks related to such disposition. in addition, nrg may be subject to material trailing liabilities from disposed businesses. any such risk may result in one or more costly disputes or litigation. there can be no assurances that any future acquisitions will perform as expected or that the returns from such acquisitions will support the indebtedness incurred to acquire them or the capital expenditures needed to develop them. there can also be no assurances that nrg will realize the anticipated benefits from any such dispositions. the failure to realize the anticipated returns or benefits from an acquisition or disposition could adversely affect nrg's results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.
the company has made investments, and may continue to make investments, in new business initiatives predominantly focused on consumer products and in markets that may not be successful, may not achieve the intended financial results or may result in product liability and reputational risk that could adversely affect the company.
nrg continues to pursue growth in its existing businesses and markets and further diversification across the competitive energy value chain. such initiatives may involve significant risks and uncertainties, including distraction of management from current operations, inadequate return on capital, and unidentified issues not discovered in the diligence performed prior to launching an initiative or entering a market.
as part of these initiatives, the company may be liable to customers for any damage caused to customers' homes, facilities, belongings or property during the installation of company products and systems, such as mass market back-up generators and residential hvac system repairs, installation and replacements. where such work is performed by independent contractors, such as repairs performed under the company's home warranty and protection plan products, the company may nonetheless face claims and costs for damage. in addition, shortages of skilled labor for company projects could significantly delay a project or otherwise increase its costs. the products that the company sells or manufactures may expose the company to product liability claims relating to personal injury, death, or environmental or property damage, and may require product recalls or other actions. although the company maintains liability insurance, the company cannot be certain that its coverage will be adequate for liabilities actually incurred or that insurance will continue to be available to the company on economically reasonable terms, or at all. further, any product liability claim or damage caused by the company could significantly impair the company's brand and reputation, which may result in a failure to maintain customers and achieve the company's desired growth initiatives in these new businesses.
nrg's business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely impacted by strikes or work stoppages by its unionized employees or inability to replace employees as they retire.
as of december 31, 2020, approximately 23% of nrg's employees were covered by collective bargaining agreements. in the event that the company's union employees strike, participate in a work stoppage or slowdown or engage in other forms of labor strife or disruption, nrg would be responsible for procuring replacement labor or the company could experience reduced power generation or outages. although nrg's ability to procure such labor is uncertain, contingency staffing planning is completed as part of each respective contract negotiations. strikes, work stoppages or the inability to negotiate future collective bargaining agreements on favorable terms could have a material adverse effect on the company's business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. in addition, a number of the company's employees at nrg's plants are close to retirement. the company's inability to replace retiring workers could create potential knowledge and expertise gaps as such workers retire.
changes in technology may impair the value of nrg's power plants and the attractiveness of its retail products, and the company may potentially be affected by emerging technologies that may over time affect change in capacity markets and the energy industry overall with the inclusion of distributed generation and clean technology.
research and development activities are ongoing in the industry to provide alternative and more efficient technologies to produce power, including wind, photovoltaic (solar) cells, hydrogen, energy storage, and improvements in traditional technologies and equipment, such as more efficient gas turbines. advances in these or other technologies could reduce the costs of power production to a level below what the company has currently forecasted, which could adversely affect its cash flows, results of operations or competitive position. technology, including distributed technology or changes in retail rate structures, may also have a material impact on the company's ability to retain retail customers.
some emerging technologies, such as distributed renewable energy technologies, broad consumer adoption of electric vehicles and energy storage devices, could affect the price of energy. these emerging technologies may affect the financial viability of utility counterparties and could have significant impacts on wholesale market prices, which could ultimately have a material adverse effect on nrg's financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
risks that are beyond nrg's control, including but not limited to acts of terrorism or related acts of war, natural disaster, hostile cyber intrusions, data breaches or other catastrophic events could have a material adverse effect on nrg's financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
nrg's generation facilities and the facilities of third parties on which they rely may be targets of terrorist activities, as well as events occurring in response to or in connection with such activities, all of which could cause environmental repercussions and/or result in full or partial disruption of the facilities ability to generate, transmit, transport or distribute electricity or natural gas. strategic targets, such as energy-related facilities, may be at greater risk of future terrorist activities than other domestic targets. any such environmental repercussions or disruption could result in a significant decrease in revenues or significant reconstruction or remediation costs beyond what could be recovered through insurance policies, which could have a material adverse effect on the company's financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. in addition, significant weather events or terrorist actions could damage or shut down the power or gas transmission and distribution facilities upon which the company is dependent, which may reduce retail volume for extended periods of time. power or gas supply may be sold at a loss if these events cause a significant loss of retail customer demand.
numerous functions affecting the efficient operation of nrg's businesses depend on the secure and reliable storage, processing and communication of electronic data and the use of sophisticated computer hardware and software systems. hostile cyber intrusions, including those targeting information systems, as well as electronic control systems used at the generation facilities and for the distribution systems, could severely disrupt business operations and result in loss of service to customers, as well as significant expense to repair security breaches or system damage. the operation of nrg's generation plants, including stp, and of nrg's energy and fuel trading businesses rely on cyber-based technologies and, therefore, are subject to the risk that such systems could be the target of disruptive actions, particularly through cyber-attack or cyber intrusion, including by computer hackers, foreign governments and cyber terrorists, or otherwise be compromised by unintentional events. as a result, operations could be interrupted, property could be damaged and sensitive customer information could be lost or stolen, causing nrg to incur significant losses of revenues, other substantial liabilities and damages, costs to replace or repair damaged equipment and damage to nrg's reputation. in addition, nrg may experience increased capital and operating costs to implement increased security for its cyber systems and plants.
in addition, the company requires access to sensitive data in the ordinary course of business. examples of sensitive data are names, addresses, account information, historical electricity usage, expected patterns of use, payment history, credit bureau data, credit and debit card account numbers, driver's license numbers, social security numbers and bank account information. nrg provides sensitive data to vendors and service providers, who require access to this information in order to provide services to nrg, such as call center operations. if a significant breach occurs or if sensitive data that was entrusted to the company were mishandled, the reputation of nrg and its businesses may be adversely affected, customer confidence may be diminished, or nrg and its retail operations may be subject to legal claims, any of which may contribute to the loss of customers and have a negative impact on the business and/or results of operations.
risks related to governmental regulation and laws nrg's business is subject to substantial energy regulation and may be adversely affected by legislative or regulatory changes, as well as liability under, or any future inability to comply with, existing or future energy regulations or requirements.
nrg's business is subject to extensive u.s. federal, state and local laws and foreign and provincial laws. compliance with, or changes to, the requirements under these legal and regulatory regimes may cause the company to incur significant additional costs, reduce the company's ability to hedge exposure or to sell retail power within certain states or to certain classes of retail customers, or restrict the company's marketing practices, its ability to pass through costs to retail customers, or its ability to compete on favorable terms with competitors, including the incumbent utility. retail competition and home warranty services are regulated on a state-by-state or at the province-by-province level and are highly dependent on state and provincial laws, regulations and policies, which could change at any moment. failure to comply with such requirements could result in the shutdown of a non-complying facility, the imposition of liens, fines, and/or civil or criminal liability.
public utilities under the fpa are required to obtain ferc acceptance of their rate schedules for wholesale sales of electricity. except for ercot generation facilities and power marketers, all of nrg's non-qualifying facility generating companies and power marketing affiliates in the u.s. make sales of electricity in interstate commerce and are public utilities for purposes of the fpa. ferc has granted each of nrg's generating and power marketing companies that make sales of electricity outside of ercot the authority to sell electricity at market-based rates. ferc's orders that grant nrg's generating and power marketing companies market-based rate authority reserve the right to revoke or revise that authority if ferc subsequently determines that nrg can exercise market power in transmission or generation, create barriers to entry, or engage in abusive affiliate transactions. in addition, nrg's market-based sales are subject to certain market behavior rules, and if any of nrg's generating and power marketing companies were deemed to have violated those rules, they are subject to potential disgorgement of profits associated with the violation and/or suspension or revocation of their market-based rate authority. if nrg's generating and power marketing companies were to lose their market-based rate authority, such companies would be required to obtain ferc's acceptance of a cost-of-service rate schedule and could become subject to the accounting, record-keeping, and reporting requirements that are imposed on utilities with cost-based rate schedules. this could have a material adverse effect on the rates nrg charges for power from its facilities.
substantially all of the company's generation assets are also subject to the reliability standards promulgated by the designated electric reliability organization (currently nerc) and approved by ferc. if nrg fails to comply with the mandatory reliability standards, nrg could be subject to sanctions, including substantial monetary penalties and increased compliance obligations. nrg is also affected by legislative and regulatory changes, as well as changes to market design, market rules, tariffs, cost allocations, and bidding rules that occur in the existing isos. the isos that oversee most of the wholesale power markets impose, and in the future may continue to impose, mitigation, including price limitations, offer caps, non-performance penalties and other mechanisms to address some of the volatility and the potential exercise of market power in these markets. these types of price limitations and other regulatory mechanisms may have a material adverse effect on the profitability of nrg's generation facilities that sell energy and capacity into the wholesale power markets.
the regulatory environment has undergone significant changes in the last several years due to state and federal policies affecting wholesale and retail competition and the creation of incentives for the addition of large amounts of new renewable generation and, in some cases, transmission. these changes are ongoing, and the company cannot predict the future design of the wholesale power markets or the ultimate effect that the changing regulatory environment will have on nrg's business. in addition, in some of these markets, interested parties have proposed material market design changes, including the elimination of a single clearing price mechanism, as well as proposals to reinstate the vertical monopoly utility of the markets or require divestiture by generating companies to reduce their market share. if competitive restructuring of the electric power markets is reversed, discontinued, or delayed, the company's business prospects and financial results could be negatively impacted. in addition, since 2010, there have been a number of reforms to the regulation of the derivatives markets, both in the united states and internationally. these regulations, and any further changes thereto, or adoption of additional regulations, including any regulations relating to position limits on futures and other derivatives or margin for derivatives, could negatively impact nrg's ability to hedge its portfolio in an efficient, cost-effective manner by, among other things, potentially decreasing liquidity in the forward commodity and derivatives markets or limiting nrg's ability to utilize non-cash collateral for derivatives transactions.
nrg's business may be affected by interference in the competitive wholesale marketplace.
nrg's generation and competitive retail operations rely on a competitive wholesale marketplace. the competitive wholesale marketplace may be impacted by out-of-market subsidies, including bailouts of uneconomic nuclear plants, imports of power from canada, renewable mandates or subsidies, mandates to sell power below its cost of acquisition and associated costs, as well as out-of-market payments to new or existing generators. these out-of-market subsidies to existing or new generation undermine the competitive wholesale marketplace, which can lead to premature retirement of existing facilities, including those owned by the company. if these measures continue, capacity and energy prices may be suppressed, and the company may not be successful in its efforts to insulate the competitive market from this interference. the company's retail operations may be materially impacted by rules or regulations that allow regulated utilities to participate in competitive retail markets or own and operate facilities that could be provided by competitive market participants.
the integration of the capacity performance product into the pjm market and the pay-for-performance mechanism in iso-ne could lead to substantial changes in capacity income and non-performance penalties, which could have a material adverse effect on nrg's results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
both iso-ne and pjm operate a pay-for-performance model where capacity payments are modified based on real-time generator performance. capacity market prices are sensitive to design parameters, as well as additions of new capacity. nrg may experience substantial changes in capacity income and non-performance penalties, which could have a material adverse effect on nrg's results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
nrg's ownership interest in a nuclear power facility subjects the company to regulations, costs and liabilities uniquely associated with these types of facilities.
under the atomic energy act of 1954, as amended, or aea, ownership and operation of stp, of which nrg indirectly owns a 44% interest, is subject to regulation by the nrc. such regulation includes licensing, inspection, enforcement, testing, evaluation and modification of all aspects of nuclear reactor power plant design and operation, environmental and safety performance, technical and financial qualifications, decommissioning funding assurance and transfer and foreign ownership restrictions. the current facility operating licenses for stp expire on august 20, 2047 (unit 1) and december 15, 2048 (unit 2).
there are unique risks to owning and operating a nuclear power facility. these include liabilities related to the handling, treatment, storage, disposal, transport, release and use of radioactive materials, particularly with respect to spent nuclear fuel, and uncertainties regarding the ultimate, and potential exposure to, technical and financial risks associated with modifying or decommissioning a nuclear facility. the nrc could require the shutdown of the plant for safety reasons or refuse to permit restart of the unit after unplanned or planned outages. new or amended nrc safety and regulatory requirements may give rise to additional operation and maintenance costs and capital expenditures. additionally, aging equipment may require more capital expenditures to keep each of these nuclear power plants operating efficiently. this equipment is also likely to require periodic upgrading and improvement. any unexpected failure, including failure associated with breakdowns, forced outages, or any unanticipated capital expenditures, could result in reduced profitability. stp will be obligated to continue storing spent nuclear fuel if the u.s. doe continues to fail to meet its contractual obligations to stp made pursuant to the u.s. nuclear waste policy act of 1982 to accept and dispose of stp's spent nuclear fuel. see also item 1 - regulatory matters - nuclear operations - decommissioning trusts and item 1 - environmental matters - federal environmental initiatives - nuclear waste for further discussion. costs associated with these risks could be substantial and could have a material adverse effect on nrg's results of operations, financial condition or cash flow to the extent not covered by the decommissioning trusts or recovered from ratepayers. in addition, to the extent that all or a part of stp is required by the nrc to permanently or temporarily shut down or modify its operations, or is otherwise subject to a forced outage, nrg may incur additional costs to the extent it is obligated to provide power from more expensive alternative sources - either nrg's own plants, third party generators or the ercot - to cover the company's then existing forward sale obligations. such shutdown or modification could also lead to substantial costs related to the storage and disposal of radioactive materials and spent nuclear fuel.
while stp maintains property and liability insurance for losses related to nuclear operations, there may be limitations on the amounts and types of insurance commercially available. see also item 15 - note 24, commitments and contingencies, nuclear insurance. an accident at stp or another nuclear facility could have a material adverse effect on nrg's financial condition, its operational results, or liquidity as losses may exceed the insurance coverage available and/or may result in the obligation to pay retrospective premium obligations.
nrg is subject to environmental laws that impose extensive and increasingly stringent requirements on the company's ongoing operations, as well as potentially substantial liabilities arising out of environmental contamination. these environmental requirements and liabilities could adversely impact nrg's results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
nrg is subject to the environmental laws of foreign and u.s., federal, state and local authorities. the company must comply with numerous environmental laws and obtain numerous governmental permits and approvals to build and operate the company's plants. federal and state environmental laws generally have become more stringent over time. should nrg fail to comply with any environmental requirements that apply to its operations, the company could be subject to administrative, civil and/or criminal liability and fines, and regulatory agencies could take other actions seeking to curtail the company's operations. in addition, when new requirements take effect or when existing environmental requirements are revised, reinterpreted or subject to changing enforcement policies, nrg's business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be adversely affected.
nrg's businesses are subject to physical, market and economic risks relating to potential effects of climate change, and policies at the national, regional and state levels to regulate ghg emissions and mitigate climate change could adversely impact nrg's results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
fluctuations in weather and other environmental conditions, including temperature and precipitation levels, may affect consumer demand for electricity or natural gas. in addition, the potential physical effects of climate change, such as increased frequency and severity of storms, floods and other climatic events, could disrupt nrg's operations and supply chain, and cause it to incur significant costs in preparing for or responding to these effects. these or other changes in climate could lead to increased operating costs or capital expenses. nrg's customers may also experience the potential physical impacts of climate change and may incur significant costs in preparing for or responding to these efforts, including increasing the mix and resiliency of their energy solutions and supply.
hazards customary to the power production industry include the potential for unusual weather conditions, which could affect fuel pricing and availability, the company's route to market or access to customers, i.e., transmission and distribution lines, transportation and delivery, or critical plant assets. the contribution of climate change to the frequency or intensity of weather-related events could affect nrg's operations and planning process.
climate change could also affect the availability of a secure and economical supply of water in some locations, which is essential for the continued operation of nrg's generation plants. nrg monitors water risk carefully. if it is determined that a water supply risk exists that could impact projected generation levels at any plant risk mitigation efforts are identified and evaluated for implementation.
further, demand for nrg's energy-related services could be similarly impacted by consumers' preferences or market factors favoring energy efficiency, low-carbon power sources or reduced electricity usage.
nrg's ghg emissions for 2020 can be found in item 1, business -environmental regulatory matters. ghg regulation, at the state or federal level, could increase the cost of electricity generated by fossil fuels, and such increases could reduce demand for the power nrg generates and markets. any increase in costs at a national, regional or state level could adversely affect nrg's results of operations, financial condition and cash flows changes in data privacy and data protection laws and regulations, particularly in california, or any failure to comply with such laws and regulations, could adversely affect nrg's business and financial results.
there has been increased public attention regarding the use of personal information and data transfers, accompanied by legislation and regulations intended to strengthen data protection, information security and consumer and personal privacy. the law in these areas continues to develop and the changing nature of privacy laws in the united states, europe and elsewhere could impact how nrg processes personal information of employees, customers, and others. effective january 1, 2020, the california consumer privacy act of 2018 (the "ccpa") grants certain rights to california residents with respect to their personal information, and the california electorate recently approved proposition 24, the california privacy rights act (the "cpra"), which will replace the ccpa effective january 1, 2023 and grant additional rights to california residents as well as create a new state privacy regulator. as new laws are created, nrg cannot determine the impact that they may have on the company's business. any failure or perceived failure to comply with laws may result in proceedings or actions against the company by governmental entities or individuals. moreover, any inquiries or investigations, any other government actions, or any actions by individuals may be costly to comply with, result in negative publicity, increase operating costs, require significant management time and attention, and lead to remedies that may harm the business, including fines, demands or orders that existing business practices be modified or terminated.
the general data protection regulation, adopted in the european union, requires companies to satisfy strict new requirements regarding the handling of personal information, including its use, protection and the ability of persons whose data is processed to exercise a number of rights with respect to their personal information, such as correcting or requiring deletion of data about themselves. the ccpa requires companies to make new disclosures to consumers about such companies' data collection, use, and sharing practices and inform consumers of their personal information rights such as deletion rights, allows consumers to opt out of data sales to third parties, and provides a new cause of action for data breaches. the cpra will add more disclosure obligations (including an obligation to disclose retention periods or criteria for categories of personal information), grant consumers additional rights (including rights to correct their data, limit the use and disclosure of sensitive personal information, and opt out of the sharing of personal information for certain targeted behavioral advertising purposes), which will likely result in greater regulatory activity and enforcement in the privacy area.
nrg's retail operations are subject to changing rules and regulations that could have a material impact on the company's profitability.
the competitiveness of nrg's retail operations partially depends on regulatory policies that establish the structure, rules, terms and conditions on which services are offered to retail customers. these policies can include, among other things, controls on the retail rates that nrg can charge, the imposition of additional costs on sales, restrictions on the company's ability to obtain new customers through various marketing channels and disclosure requirements. the company's retail operations may be materially impacted by rules or regulations that allow regulated utilities to participate in competitive retail markets or own and operate facilities that could be provided by competitive market participants. additionally, state, federal or provincial imposition of net metering or rps programs can make it more or less expensive for retail customers to supplement or replace their reliance on grid power.
the company's international operations are exposed to political and economic risks, commercial instability and events beyond the company's control in the countries in which it operates, which risks may negatively impact the company's business.
the company's international operations depend on products manufactured, purchased and sold in the u.s. and internationally, including in countries with political and economic instability. in some cases, these countries have greater political and economic volatility and greater vulnerability to infrastructure and labor disruptions than in nrg's other markets. operating a business in a number of different regions and countries exposes the company to a number of risks, including: multiple and potentially conflicting laws, regulations and policies that are subject to change; imposition of currency restrictions on repatriation of earnings or other restraints; imposition of burdensome tariffs or quotas; national and international conflict, including terrorist acts; and political and economic instability or civil unrest that may severely disrupt economic activity in affected countries.
the occurrence of one or more of these events may negatively impact the company's business, results of operations and financial condition.
risks related to the company's indebtedness and economic and financial market conditions nrg's level of indebtedness could adversely affect its ability to raise additional capital to fund its operations or return capital to stockholders. it could also expose it to the risk of increased interest rates and limit its ability to react to changes in the economy or its industry.
nrg's substantial debt could have negative consequences, including:
•increasing nrg's vulnerability to general economic and industry conditions;
•requiring a substantial portion of nrg's cash flow from operations to be dedicated to the payment of principal and interest on its indebtedness, therefore reducing nrg's ability to pay dividends or to use its cash flow to fund its operations, capital expenditures and future business opportunities;
•limiting nrg's ability to enter into long-term power sales or fuel purchases which require credit support;
•limiting nrg's ability to obtain additional financing for working capital including collateral postings, capital expenditures, debt service requirements, acquisitions and general corporate or other purposes;
•limiting nrg's ability to adjust to changing market conditions and placing it at a competitive disadvantage compared to its competitors who have less debt; and
•exposing nrg to the risk of increased interest rates because certain of its borrowings are at variable rates of interest, primarily through its revolving credit facility.
the company's credit documents contain financial and other restrictive covenants that may limit the company's ability to return capital to stockholders or otherwise engage in activities that may be in its long-term best interests. nrg's failure to comply with those covenants could result in an event of default which, if not cured or waived, could result in the acceleration of all of the company's indebtedness. in addition, the company recently amended its corporate credit agreement to include a sustainability-linked metric and issued sustainability-linked bonds, which could result in increased interest expense to the company if the sustainability metrics set forth therein are not met. furthermore, financial and other restrictive covenants contained in any project level subsidiary debt may limit the ability of nrg to receive distributions from such subsidiary.
in addition, nrg's ability to arrange financing, either at the corporate level, a non-recourse project-level subsidiary or otherwise, and the costs of such capital, are dependent on numerous factors, including: general economic and capital market conditions; credit availability from banks and other financial institutions; investor confidence in nrg, its partners and the regional wholesale power markets; nrg's financial performance and the financial performance of its subsidiaries; nrg's level of indebtedness and compliance with covenants in debt agreements; maintenance of acceptable credit ratings; cash flow; and provisions of tax and securities laws that may impact raising capital.
nrg may not be successful in obtaining additional capital for these or other reasons. the failure to obtain additional capital from time to time may have a material adverse effect on its business and operations.
adverse economic conditions could adversely affect nrg's business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
adverse economic conditions and declines in wholesale energy prices, partially resulting from adverse economic conditions, may impact nrg's results of operations. the breadth and depth of negative economic conditions may have a wide-ranging impact on the u.s. business environment. in addition, adverse economic conditions also reduce the demand for energy commodities. reduced demand from negative economic conditions continues to impact the key domestic wholesale energy markets nrg serves. the combination of lower demand for power and increased supply of natural gas has put downward price pressure on wholesale energy markets in general, further impacting nrg's energy marketing results. in general, economic and commodity market conditions will continue to impact nrg's unhedged future energy margins, liquidity, earnings growth and overall financial condition. in addition, adverse economic conditions, declines in wholesale energy prices, reduced demand for power and other factors may negatively impact the trading price of nrg's common stock and impact forecasted cash flows, which may require nrg to evaluate its goodwill and other long-lived assets for impairment. any such impairment could have a material impact on nrg's financial statements.
goodwill and other intangible assets that nrg has recorded in connection with its acquisitions are subject to impairment evaluations and, as a result, the company could be required to write off some or all of this goodwill and other intangible assets, which may adversely affect the company's financial condition and results of operations.
goodwill is not amortized but is reviewed annually or more frequently for impairment. other intangibles are also reviewed at least annually or more frequently, if certain conditions exist, and are amortized. any reduction in or impairment of the value of goodwill or other intangible assets will result in a charge against earnings, which could materially adversely affect nrg's reported results of operations and financial position in future periods.
cautionary statement regarding forward-looking information this annual report on form 10-k of nrg energy, inc., or nrg or the company, includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of section 27a of the securities act of 1933, as amended, or securities act, and section 21e of the securities exchange act of 1934, as amended, or exchange act. the words "believes," "projects," "anticipates," "plans," "expects," "intends," "estimates" and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. these forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause nrg's actual results, performance and achievements, or industry results, to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. these factors, risks and uncertainties include the factors described under item 1a - risk factors and the following:
•nrg's inability to estimate with any degree of certainty the future impact that covid-19, any resurgence of covid-19, or other pandemic may have on nrg's results of operations, financial position, risk exposure and liquidity;
•business uncertainties related to the acquisition of direct energy and nrg's ability to integrate the operations of direct energy with its own;
•nrg's ability to obtain and maintain retail market share;
•general economic conditions, changes in the wholesale power and gas markets and fluctuations in the cost of fuel;
•volatile power and gas supply costs and demand for power and gas;
•changes in law, including judicial and regulatory decisions;
•hazards customary to the power production industry and power generation operations, such as fuel and electricity price volatility, unusual weather conditions, catastrophic weather-related or other damage to facilities, unscheduled generation outages, maintenance or repairs, unanticipated changes to fuel supply costs or availability due to higher demand, shortages, transportation problems or other developments, environmental incidents, or electric transmission or gas pipeline system constraints and the possibility that nrg may not have adequate insurance to cover losses as a result of such hazards;
•nrg's ability to successfully integrate, realize cost savings and manage any acquired businesses;
•nrg's ability to engage in successful sales and divestitures, as well as mergers and acquisitions activity;
•the effectiveness of nrg's risk management policies and procedures and the ability of nrg's counterparties to satisfy their financial commitments;
•counterparties' collateral demands and other factors affecting nrg's liquidity position and financial condition;
•nrg's ability to operate its businesses efficiently and generate earnings and cash flows from its asset-based businesses in relation to its debt and other obligations;
•nrg's ability to enter into contracts to sell power and procure fuel on acceptable terms and prices;
•the liquidity and competitiveness of wholesale markets for energy commodities;
•government regulation, including changes in market rules, rates, tariffs and environmental laws;
•nrg's ability to develop and innovate new products, as retail and wholesale markets continue to change and evolve;
•price mitigation strategies and other market structures employed by isos or rtos that result in a failure to adequately and fairly compensate nrg's generation units;
•nrg's ability to mitigate forced outage risk for units subject to capacity performance requirements in pjm, performance incentives in iso-ne, and scarcity pricing in ercot;
•nrg's ability to borrow funds and access capital markets, as well as nrg's substantial indebtedness and the possibility that nrg may incur additional indebtedness in the future;
•operating and financial restrictions placed on nrg and its subsidiaries that are contained in the in nrg's corporate credit agreements, and in debt and other agreements of certain of nrg subsidiaries and project affiliates generally;
•cyber terrorism and inadequate cybersecurity, data breaches or the occurrence of a catastrophic loss and the possibility that nrg may not have adequate insurance to cover losses resulting from such hazards or the inability of nrg's insurers to provide coverage;
•nrg's ability to develop and build new power generation facilities;
•nrg's ability to implement its strategy of finding ways to meet the challenges of climate change, clean air and protecting natural resources, while taking advantage of business opportunities;
•nrg's ability to increase cash from operations through operational and market initiatives, corporate efficiencies, asset strategy, and a range of other programs throughout nrg to reduce costs or generate revenues;
•nrg's ability to successfully evaluate investments and achieve intended financial results in new business and growth initiatives;
•nrg's ability to develop and maintain successful partnering relationships as needed.
forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they were made, and nrg undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. the foregoing review of factors that could cause nrg's actual results to differ materially from those contemplated in any forward-looking statements included in this annual report on form 10-k should not be construed as exhaustive.
item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the discussion and analysis below has been organized as follows:
•executive summary, including the business environment in which the company operates, a discussion of regulation, weather, competition and other factors that affect the business, a transformation plan update, and other significant events that are important to understanding the results of operations and financial condition;
•results of operations for the years ended december 31, 2020 and december 31, 2019, including an explanation of significant differences between the periods in the specific line items of nrg's consolidated statements of operations;
•financial condition addressing credit ratings, liquidity position, sources and uses of cash, capital resources and requirements, commitments, and off-balance sheet arrangements; and
•critical accounting policies that are most important to both the portrayal of the company's financial condition and results of operations, and require management's most difficult, subjective or complex judgments.
as you read this discussion and analysis, refer to nrg's consolidated statements of operations in this form 10-k, which present the results of the company's operations for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019, and also refer to item 1 to this form 10-k for more detail discussion about the company's business. a discussion and analysis of fiscal year 2018 may be found in part ii, item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations of exhibit 99.1 to the current report on form 8-k, filed on may 7, 2020, which provides retrospectively revised historical financial information to correspond with the company's current segment structure.
as further described in item 15 - note 4, acquisitions, discontinued operations and dispositions, to the consolidated financial statements, the company determined in prior years that the following businesses were discontinued operations and recast to present their results in the corporate segment:
•south central portfolio
•nrg yield, inc. and its renewables platform
•carlsbad
•genon energy, inc.
executive summary nrg is an integrated power company built on dynamic retail brands with diverse generation assets. nrg brings the power of energy to customers by producing and selling energy and related products and services in major competitive power and gas markets in the u.s. and canada in a manner that delivers value to all of nrg's stakeholders. as of december 31, 2020, the company sold energy, services, and innovative, sustainable products and services directly to retail customers under the brand names nrg, reliant, green mountain energy, stream, and xoom energy, as well as other brand names owned by nrg, supported by approximately 23,000 mw of generation.
for discussion of covid-19 related considerations refer to item 1 - business.
business environment the industry dynamics and external influences affecting the company, its businesses, and the retail energy and power generation industry in 2020 and for the future medium term include:
commodities markets - the price of natural gas plays an important role in setting the price of electricity in many of the regions where nrg operates. natural gas prices are driven by variables including demand from the industrial, residential, and electric sectors, productivity across natural gas supply basins, costs of natural gas production, changes in pipeline infrastructure, and the financial and hedging profile of natural gas customers and producers. in 2020, the average natural gas prices at henry hub was 21% lower than in 2019.
if long-term gas prices increase, the company is likely to encounter higher realized energy prices, leading to higher energy revenues as lower priced hedge contracts mature and are replaced by contracts with higher gas and power prices. this impact is partially offset by the retail operations, as nrg's retail gross margins have historically decreased as natural gas prices increase.
nrg's retail gross margins have historically improved as natural gas prices decline. this would be partially offset by lower realized energy prices, leading to lower energy revenues as higher priced hedge contracts mature and are replaced by contracts with lower gas and power prices. to further mitigate this impact, nrg may increase its percentage of coal and nuclear capacity sold forward using a variety of hedging instruments, as described under the heading "energy-related commodities" in item 15 - note 6, accounting for derivative instruments and hedging activities, to the consolidated financial statements.
natural gas prices are a primary driver of coal demand. the low-priced commodity environment has stressed coal equities, leading coal suppliers to file for bankruptcy protection, launch debt exchanges, rationalize assets, and cut production. if multiple parties withdraw from the market, liquidity could be challenged in the short term. inventory overhang will be utilized to offset production losses. coal prices are typically affected by the price of natural gas.
electricity prices - the price of electricity is a key determinant of the profitability of the company. many variables such as the price of different fuels, weather, load growth and unit availability all coalesce to impact the final price for electricity and the company's profitability. an increase in supply cost volatility in the competitive retail markets may result in smaller companies choosing to exit the market, which may result in further consolidation in the competitive retail space. the following table summarizes average on-peak power prices for each of the major markets in which nrg operates for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019. ercot power prices decreased for the year ended december 31, 2020 as compared to 2019 primarily due to the lower power prices in summer and lower gas prices in the first half of the year. power prices in the east and west/other decreased for the year ended december 31, 2020 as compared to 2019 due to lower prices associated with lower demand due to covid-19.
average on-peak power price ($/mwh)
year ended december 31         2020 vs 2019
region                                  2020                            2019                            change %
texas (a)
ercot - houston(a)               $27.65                          $51.44                              (46)      %
ercot - north(a)                  25.85                           50.80                              (49)      %
east ny j/nyc(b)                       24.55                           33.73                              (27)      %
nepool(b)                         26.52                           34.89                              (24)      %
comed (pjm)(b)                    22.48                           28.28                              (21)      %
pjm west hub(b)                   24.49                           30.85                              (21)      %
west/other caiso - sp15(b)                   38.15                           38.15                                 -      %
miso - louisiana hub(b)           24.43                           30.58                              (20)      %
(a) average on-peak power prices based on real time settlement prices as published by the respective isos
(b) average on-peak power prices based on day-ahead settlement prices as published by the respective isos the following table summarizes average realized power prices for each region in which nrg operates, including the impact of settled hedges, for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019:
average realized power price ($/mwh)
year ended december 31                        2020 vs 2019
region                      2020   2019                                                     change %
east                 $34.92                          $34.37                                 2      %
west/other            34.80        32.41                                                    7      %
(a) average realized power price reflects energy sales from the generation fleet, omitting sales to the retail component of the east segment. intercompany financial transactions hedging generation with the retail operations make up $12.18/mwh in the year ended december 31, 2020 and $5.40/mwh in the year ended december 31, 2019.
the average realized power prices were relatively stable year over year due to the company's hedging program.
increased awareness of, and action to combat, climate change - diverse groups of stakeholders, including investors, asset managers, financial institutions, non-government organizations, industry coalitions, individual companies, consumer groups and academic institutions, are increasingly engaged in efforts to limit global warming in the post-industrial era to well below 2 degrees celsius. as a result, policymakers and regulators at regional, national, sub-national and local levels of government, both in the united states and other parts of the world, are increasingly focused on actions to combat climate change.
in the united states, the current administration has stated that limiting climate change is one of its top priorities. in its early days, the administration issued an executive order on "tackling the climate crisis at home and abroad." this included commitments to reset the united states' greenhouse gas emission reduction targets under the paris climate agreement, integrate environmental justice considerations into all aspects of its climate and environmental policy, consider climate change and conservation in federal permitting decisions and align government procurement strategy and standards with climate goals.
to enable climate policy development and implementation, the administration has pledged to adopt a "whole-of-government" approach and is establishing various new climate-oriented positions and working groups. for example, it created the white house office of domestic climate policy, led by the first-ever national climate advisor and deputy national climate advisor, which will create a central office in the white house that is charged with coordinating and implementing the president's domestic climate agenda. the newly established national climate task force will assemble representatives from across 21 federal agencies and departments. the federal reserve is creating a committee to deepen its understanding of the risks that climate change poses to the financial system. the sec has created the new role of senior policy advisor for climate and environmental, social and governance ("esg") to oversee and coordinate the agency's efforts related to climate risk and other esg developments, and to examine how these issues intersect with the regulatory framework across its offices and divisions. an interagency working group on coal and power plant communities and revitalization will identify and deliver federal resources to revitalize the economics of coal, oil, gas and power plant dependent communities. outside the united states, a foreign climate agenda will be advanced through the special presidential envoy for climate in concert with departments including state and treasury.
nrg actively monitors climate change related developments that could impact its business and regularly engages with a diverse set of stakeholders on these issues. such engagement helps the company identify and pursue potential opportunities both to decarbonize its business and better serve its customers. nrg is committed to providing transparent disclosures of its climate risks and opportunities to stakeholders. the company became an early supporter of the task force on climate-related financial disclosures ("tcfd") recommendations after they were issued in 2017, published a tcfd mapping disclosure in december 2020 and will issue a stand-alone tcfd report in 2021.
lower carbon infrastructure development - policy mechanisms at the state and federal level, including production and investment tax credits, cash grants, loan guarantees, accelerated depreciation tax benefits, rps, and carbon trading plans, have supported and continue to support the development of renewable generation, demand-side and smart grid, and other lower carbon infrastructure technologies. in addition, the costs associated with the development of lower carbon infrastructure, such as wind and solar generating facilities, continue to decline. these factors continue to drive increases in the development of lower carbon infrastructure in the markets where the company participates, which may impact the ability of the company's generating facilities to participate in those markets. according to ercot, inc., 36% of 2020 energy consumption in the ercot market was generated from carbon emission-free resources, with wind power contributing 23%. in addition, subsidies and incentives have contributed to the increase in renewable power sources, and customer awareness and preferences are shifting toward sustainable solutions. increased demand for sustainable energy products from both residential and commercial customers creates opportunities for diversified product offerings in competitive retail markets.
digitization and customization - the electric industry is experiencing major technology changes in the way power is distributed and used by end-use customers. the electric grid is shifting from a centralized analog system, where power is generated from limited sources and flows in one direction, to a decentralized multidirectional system, where power can be generated from a number of distributed resources and stored or dispatched on an as-needed basis. in addition, customers are seeking new ways to engage with their power providers. technologies like smart thermostats, appliances and electric vehicles are giving individuals more choice and control over their electricity usage.
weather - weather conditions in the regions of the u.s. in which nrg does business influence the company's financial results. weather conditions can affect the supply and demand for electricity and fuels and may also impact the availability of the company's generating assets. changes in energy supply and demand may impact the price of these energy commodities in both the spot and forward markets, which may affect the company's results in any given period. typically, demand for and the price of electricity is higher in the summer and the winter seasons, when temperatures are more extreme. the demand for and price of natural gas is also generally higher in the winter. however, all regions of the u.s. typically do not experience extreme weather conditions at the same time, thus nrg's operations are typically not exposed to the effects of extreme weather in all parts of its business at once. a significant portion of the company's business is located within texas, and extreme weather conditions occurring in texas may have a material impact on the company's financial position.
for discussion of the recent weather event in texas, see other significant events - extreme weather event in texas during february 2021 below.
other factors - a number of other factors significantly influence the level and volatility of prices for energy commodities and related derivative products for nrg's business. these factors include:
•seasonal, daily and hourly changes in demand;
•extreme peak demands;
•available supply resources;
•transportation and transmission availability and reliability within and between regions;
•location of nrg's generating facilities relative to the location of its load-serving opportunities;
•procedures used to maintain the integrity of the physical electricity system during extreme conditions; and
•changes in the nature and extent of federal and state regulations.
these factors can affect energy commodity and derivative prices in different ways and to different degrees. these effects may vary throughout the country as a result of regional differences in:
•weather conditions;
•market liquidity;
•capability and reliability of the physical electricity and gas systems;
•local transportation systems; and
•the nature and extent of electricity deregulation.
environmental matters, regulatory matters and legal proceedings - details of environmental matters are presented in item 15 - note 26, environmental matters, to the consolidated financial statements and item 1 - business, environmental matters. details of regulatory matters are presented in item 15 - note 25, regulatory matters, to the consolidated financial statements and item 1 - business, regulatory matters. details of legal proceedings are presented in item 15 - note 24, commitments and contingencies, to the consolidated financial statements. some of this information relates to costs that may be material to the company's financial results.
transformation plan nrg completed its three-year transformation plan as of december 31, 2020. the transformation plan targets were achieved as follows:
•achieved recurring cost savings and margin enhancement of $1,065 million, including $590 million of cumulative cost savings, a $215 million net margin enhancement program, $50 million annual reduction in maintenance capital expenditures, and $210 million in permanent selling, general and administrative expense reduction associated with asset sales
•fully realized $370 million of non-recurring working capital improvements and $295 million of one-time costs to achieve
•completed asset sales of $3.0 billion, accomplishing the planned portfolio optimization
•initially targeted credit ratio of 3.0x net debt / adjusted ebitda(a) was achieved. the credit metrics target was subsequently revised and successfully completed, to further strengthen its balance sheet and improve credit ratings by reducing leverage
(a)    adjusted ebitda as defined per the senior credit facility other significant events the following additional significant events occurred during 2020 and through the filing date:
extreme weather event in texas during february 2021
during february 2021, texas experienced unprecedented cold temperatures for a prolonged duration, resulting in a power emergency, blackouts, and an estimated all-time peak demand of 77 gws (without load shed). ahead of the event, nrg launched residential customer communications calling for conservation across all of its brands, and initiated residential and commercial and industrial demand response programs to curtail customer load. the company maximized available generating capacity and brought in additional resources to supplement in-state staff with technical and operating experts from the rest of its u.s. fleet. nrg is committed to working with all necessary stakeholders on a comprehensive, objective, and exhaustive root cause analysis of the entirety of the energy system.
the estimated financial impact is still preliminary, due to customer meter and settlement data not being finalized, as well as potential customer and counterparty risk and expected ercot default allocations. based on a preliminary analysis, winter storm uri's financial impact is not expected to be adverse to nrg's financial results. the company separately stress-tested assumptions and although at a lower probability, this stress-test analysis indicated a potential plus or minus $100 million to income from continuing operations in 2021. nrg's integrated platform continues to deliver stable results through unprecedented events.
direct energy acquisition on january 5, 2021, the company acquired direct energy, a north american subsidiary of centrica plc. direct energy is a leading retail provider of electricity, natural gas, and home and business energy related products and services in north america, with operations in all 50 u.s. states and 8 canadian provinces. the acquisition increases nrg's retail portfolio by over 3 million customers and complements its integrated model. it also broadens the company's presence in the northeast and into states and locales where it does not currently operate, supporting nrg's objective to diversify its business.
the company paid an aggregate purchase price of $3.625 billion in cash, subject to a purchase price adjustment of $77 million. the company funded the purchase price using a combination of $715 million of cash on hand, $166 million from a draw on its revolving credit facility (of which $107 million was used to fund acquisition costs and financing fees that are not included in the aggregate purchase price above) as well as approximately $2.9 billion in secured and unsecured corporate debt issued in december 2020. the company also increased its collective collateral facilities by $3.4 billion through a combination of amending its revolving credit facility, amending its credit default swap facility, entering into a revolving accounts receivable financing facility, entering into an uncommitted repurchase facility and entering into multiple agreements to issue letters of credit. for further discussion on the increase of collateral facilities, see item 7, management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, liquidity and capital resources, item 15 - note 13, receivables securitization and repurchase facility, and item 15 - note 14, long-term debt and finance leases.
issuance of 2029 senior unsecured notes and 2031 senior unsecured notes on december 2, 2020, nrg issued $500 million aggregate principal amount of 3.375% senior notes due 2029 (the "2029 unsecured notes") and $1.0 billion aggregate principal amount of 3.625% senior notes due 2031 (the "2031 unsecured notes, together with the 2029 unsecured notes, the "unsecured notes").
issuance of 2025 and 2027 senior secured first lien notes on december 2, 2020, nrg issued $1.4 billion of aggregate principal amount of senior secured first lien notes, consisting of $500 million 2.000% senior secured first lien notes due 2025 (the "2025 secured notes") and $900 million 2.450% senior secured first lien notes due 2027 (the "2027 secured notes"), at a discount. the 2027 secured notes were issued under nrg's sustainability-linked bond framework, which links attractive financing terms with the realization of certain sustainability targets, including reducing greenhouse gas emissions.
receivables securitization and repurchase facility on september 22, 2020, nrg receivables llc, a bankruptcy remote, special purpose, indirect wholly owned subsidiary, entered into a revolving accounts receivable financing facility (the "receivables facility") for an amount up to $750 million, subject to adjustments on a seasonal basis, with issuers of asset-backed commercial paper and commercial banks (the "lenders".) as of december 31, 2020, there were no outstanding borrowings and there were $198 million in letters of credit issued under the receivables facility.
on september 22, 2020, the company entered into an uncommitted repurchase facility (the "repurchase facility") related to the receivables facility. under the repurchase facility, the company can borrow up to $75 million, collateralized by a subordinated note issued by nrg receivables llc to nrg retail llc in favor of the originating entities representing a portion of the balance of receivables sold to nrg receivables llc under the receivables facility. as of december 31, 2020, there were no outstanding borrowings under the repurchase facility.
for further discussion on the receivables facility and repurchase facility, see note 9, receivables securitization and repurchase facility.
midwest generation lease purchase on september 29, 2020, midwest generation acquired all of the ownership interests in the powerton facility and units 7 and 8 of the joliet facility, which were being leased through 2034 and 2030, respectively, for approximately $260 million. the purchase was funded with cash-on-hand. upon closing, lease expense related to these facilities, which totaled approximately $14 million in 2019, and the operating lease liability of $148 million were eliminated.
home solar disposition in the third quarter of 2020, the company concluded its home solar business was held for sale and recorded an impairment loss of $29 million. on november 13, 2020, the company completed the sale of the home solar business for cash proceeds of $66 million, resulting in a $2 million loss on the sale. in connection with the sale, the company extinguished debt of $27 million and recognized a $5 million loss on the extinguishment.
sale of agua caliente on november 19, 2020, the company entered an agreement to sell its 35% ownership in agua caliente to clearway energy, inc. for $202 million. the sale of the 290 mw solar project closed on february 3, 2021. on october 21, 2019, the company had repaid the agua caliente borrower 1 notes associated with the project of $83 million.
sale of 4.8 gw of fossil generation assets on february 28, 2021, the company entered into a definitive purchase agreement with generation bridge, an affiliate of arclight capital partners, to sell approximately 4,850 mws of fossil generating assets from its east and west regions of operations for total proceeds of $760 million, subject to standard purchase price adjustments and certain other indemnifications. as part of the transaction, nrg is entering into a tolling agreement for its 866 mw arthur kill plant in new york city through april 2025.
the transaction is expected to close in the fourth quarter of 2021, and is subject to various closing conditions, approvals and consents, including ferc, nyspsc, and antitrust review under hart-scott-rodino.
share repurchases in 2020, the company completed $224 million of share repurchases at an average price of $33.05 per share, including $27 million of equivalent shares purchased in lieu of tax withholdings on equity compensation issuance.
renewable power purchase agreements nrg began execution of its strategy to procure mid to long-term generation through power purchase agreements in 2019. as of december 31, 2020, nrg has entered into ppas totaling approximately 1,800 mws with third-party project developers and other counterparties. the tenor of these agreements is an average between eleven and twelve years. the company expects to continue evaluating and executing similar agreements that support the needs of the business. due to covid-19, certain of these ppa contracts have been amended to allow for the delay of project completion dates from mid-2021 into 2022. these amendments include improved terms for nrg.
dividend increase in the first quarter of 2020, nrg increased the annual dividend to $1.20 from $0.12 per share, as part of a long-term capital allocation policy adopted in the fourth quarter of 2019 that targets allocating 50% of cash available for allocation generated each year to growth investments and 50% to be returned to shareholders. the return of capital to shareholders is expected to be completed through the increased dividend supplemented by share repurchases. the long-term capital allocation policy targets an annual dividend growth rate of 7-9% per share in years subsequent to 2020. in 2021, nrg further increased the annual dividend to $1.30 per share, representing an 8% increase from 2020.
consolidated results of operations for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019
the following table provides selected financial information for the company:
year ended december 31,
(in millions, except otherwise noted)                                                                              2020                            2019                      change operating revenues retail revenue                                                                                              $7,460                          $7,533                       $(73)
energy revenue(a)                                                                                              539                           1,169                       (630)
capacity revenue(a)                                                                                            680                             700                        (20)
mark-to-market for economic hedging activities                                                                  95                              33                          62
other revenues(a)(b)                                                                                           319                             386                        (67)
total operating revenues                                                                                     9,093                           9,821                       (728)
operating costs and expenses cost of sales(c)                                                                                             4,920                           5,878                         958
mark-to-market for economic hedging activities                                                                 214                              53                       (161)
contract and emissions credit amortization(c)                                                                    5                              19                          14
operations and maintenance                                                                                   1,129                           1,082                        (47)
other cost of operations                                                                                       272                             271                         (1)
total cost of operations                                                                                     6,540                           7,303                         763
depreciation and amortization                                                                                  435                             373                        (62)
impairment losses                                                                                               75                               5                        (70)
selling, general and administrative costs                                                                      933                             827                       (106)
reorganization costs                                                                                             -                              23                          23
development costs                                                                                                8                               7                         (1)
total operating costs and expenses                                                                           7,991                           8,538                         547
gain on sale of assets                                                                                           3                               7                         (4)
operating income                                                                                             1,105                           1,290                       (185)
other income/(expense)
equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates                                                                 17                               2                          15
impairment losses on investments                                                                              (18)                           (108)                          90
other income, net                                                                                               67                              66                           1
net loss on debt extinguishment                                                                                (9)                            (51)                          42
interest expense                                                                                             (401)                           (413)                          12
total other expenses                                                                                         (344)                           (504)                         160
income from continuing operations before income taxes                                                          761                             786                        (25)
income tax expense/(benefit)                                                                                   251                         (3,334)                       3,585
income from continuing operations                                                                              510                           4,120                     (3,610)
income from discontinued operations, net of income tax                                                           -                             321                       (321)
net income                                                                                                     510                           4,441                     (3,931)
less: net income attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests                -                               3                         (3)
net income attributable to nrg energy, inc.                                                                   $510                          $4,438                    $(3,928)
business metrics average natural gas price - henry hub ($/mmbtu)                                                              $2.08                           $2.63                        (21)    %
(a)includes realized gains and losses from financially settled transactions
(b)includes realized and unrealized trading gains and losses
(c)includes amortization of so2 and nox credits and excludes amortization of rggi credits economic gross margin in addition to gross margin, the company evaluates its operating performance using the measure of economic gross margin, which is not a gaap measure and may not be comparable to other companies' presentations or deemed more useful than the gaap information provided elsewhere in this report. economic gross margin should be viewed as a supplement to and not a substitute for the company's presentation of gross margin, which is the most directly comparable gaap measure. economic gross margin is not intended to represent gross margin. the company believes that economic gross margin is useful to investors as it is a key operational measure reviewed by the company's chief operating decision maker. economic gross margin is defined as the sum of energy revenue, capacity revenue and other revenue, less cost of fuels and other cost of sales. economic gross margin does not include mark-to-market gains or losses on economic hedging activities, contract amortization, emission credit amortization, or other operating costs.
the tables below present the composition and reconciliation of gross margin and economic gross margin for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019 based on the company's reportable segments:
year ended december 31, 2020
($ in millions, except otherwise noted)                                     texas                                east                          west/other                                                         corporate/eliminations                         total retail revenue                                                       $6,061                              $1,401                                  $-                                                               $(2)                                      $7,460
energy revenue                                                           24                                 183                                 333                                                               (1)                                          539
capacity revenue                                                          -                                 620                                  61                                                               (1)                                          680
mark-to-market for economic hedging activities                            2                                  88                                 (3)                                             8                                                               95
other revenue                                                           222                                  62                                  43                                                               (8)                                          319
operating revenue                                                     6,309                               2,354                                 434                                                               (4)                                        9,093
cost of fuel                                                          (546)                               (151)                               (154)                                                               -                                          (851)
purchased power                                                       (945)                               (507)                                (24)                                             6                                                          (1,470)
other costs of sales(a)(b)                                          (2,165)                               (422)                                (12)                                                               -                                        (2,599)
mark-to-market for economic hedging activities                        (211)                                   5                                   -                                                               (8)                                        (214)
contract and emission credit amortization                               (5)                                   -                                   -                                                               -                                            (5)
gross margin                                                         $2,437                              $1,279                                $244                                                               $(6)                                      $3,954
less: mark-to-market for economic hedging activities, net             (209)                                  93                                 (3)                                                               -                                          (119)
less: contract and emission credit amortization                         (5)                                   -                                   -                                                               -                                            (5)
economic gross margin                                                $2,651                              $1,186                                $247                                                               $(6)                                      $4,078
(a) includes capacity and emissions credits
(b) includes $1,967 million and $10 million of tdsp expense in texas and east, respectively business metrics                                                            texas                                east                          west/other                                                         total mass market electricity sales volume (gwh)                           38,473                              10,221                                                                                                   48,694
c&amp;i electricity sales volume (gwh)                               17,928                               1,596                                                                                                   19,524
natural gas retail sales volumes (mdth)                                   -                              23,509                                                                                                   23,509
average retail mass market customer count (in thousands)(a)           2,449                               1,175                                                                                                   3,624
ending retail mass market customer count (in thousands)(a)            2,451                               1,136                                                                                                   3,587
gwh sold                                                             31,385                               8,136                               9,569                                                               49,090
gwh generated(b)                                                     31,385                               4,102                               9,171                                                               44,658
(a) east represents combined electricity and natural gas customers
(b) includes owned generation and excludes equity investments year ended december 31, 2019
($ in millions, except otherwise noted)                                     texas                                east                          west/other(a)                                                              corporate/eliminations                    total retail revenue                                                       $6,232                              $1,304                                    $-                                                                             $(3)                         $7,533
energy revenue                                                          529                                 322                                   318                                                                                -                          1,169
capacity revenue                                                          -                                 664                                    36                                                                                -                            700
mark-to-market for economic hedging activities                           47                                (29)                                    16                                                                              (1)                             33
other revenue                                                           261                                  58                                    70                                                                              (3)                            386
operating revenue                                                     7,069                               2,319                                   440                                                                              (7)                          9,821
cost of fuel                                                          (694)                               (208)                                 (178)                                                                                -                        (1,080)
purchased power                                                     (1,557)                               (612)                                  (13)                                                                                1                        (2,181)
other costs of sales(a)(b)                                          (2,233)                               (342)                                  (42)                                                                                -                        (2,617)
mark-to-market for economic hedging activities                         (57)                                   4                                   (1)                                                                                1                           (53)
contract and emission credit amortization                              (19)                                   -                                     -                                                                                -                           (19)
gross margin                                                         $2,509                              $1,161                                  $206                                                                             $(5)                         $3,871
less: mark-to-market for economic hedging activities, net              (10)                                (25)                                    15                                                                                -                           (20)
less: contract and emission credit amortization                        (19)                                   -                                     -                                                                                -                           (19)
economic gross margin                                                $2,538                              $1,186                                  $191                                                                             $(5)                         $3,910
(a) includes capacity and emissions credits
(b) includes $1,944 million and $9 million of electric tdsp charges for texas and east, respectively business metrics                                                            texas                                east                             west/other                                                                               total mass market electricity sales volume (gwh)                           38,958                               9,918                                     -                                                                           48,876
c&amp;i electricity sales volume (gwh)                               18,976                               1,214                                     -                                                                           20,190
natural gas retail sales volumes (mdth)                                   -                              23,359                                     -                                                                           23,359
average retail mass market customer count (in thousands)(a)           2,358                               1,112                                     -                                                                            3,470
ending retail mass market customer count (in thousands)(a)            2,450                               1,228                                     -                                                                            3,678
gwh sold                                                             42,662                              11,113                                 9,811                                                                           63,586
gwh generated(b)                                                     37,995                               6,913                                 9,462                                                                           54,370
(a) east represents combined electricity and natural gas customers
(b) includes owned generation and excludes equity investments the table below represents the weather metrics for 2020 and 2019:
years ended                                                     quarters ended december 31,                                                    quarters ended september 30,                                                            quarters ended                                                              quarters ended december 31,                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  june 30,                                                                   march 31, weather metrics               texas                   east                 west/other(a)                texas                      east                    west/other(a)                  texas                    east                    west/other(a)                  texas                 east                 west/other(a)                  texas                   east                 west/other(a)
2020
cdds(b)                   3,102                  1,362                      1,971                     280                        79                           181                     1,640                     874                         1,152                     1,012                  353                        562                       170                     56                         76
hdds(b)                   1,501                  4,268                      1,939                     634                     1,517                           763                         6                      72                             4                        70                  634                        178                       791                  2,045                        994
2019
cdds                      3,115                  1,349                      1,899                     266                        98                           136                     1,840                     869                         1,219                       934                  348                        513                        75                     34                         31
hdds                      1,868                  4,615                      2,199                     757                     1,664                           806                         -                      29                             9                        70                  465                        192                     1,041                  2,457                      1,192
10-year average cdds                      3,076                  1,297                      1,900                     277                        83                           153                     1,693                     818                         1,149                     1,002                  361                        552                       104                     35                         46
hdds                      1,756                  4,629                      2,108                     696                     1,616                           779                         5                      54                            13                        60                  501                        206                       995                  2,458                      1,110
(a) the west/other weather metrics are comprised of the average of the cdd and hdd regional results for the west - california and west - south central regions
(b) national oceanic and atmospheric administration-climate prediction center - a cooling degree day, or cdd, represents the number of degrees that the mean temperature for a particular day is above 65 degrees fahrenheit in each region. a heating degree day, or hdd, represents the number of degrees that the mean temperature for a particular day is below 65 degrees fahrenheit in each region. the cdds/hdds for a period of time are calculated by adding the cdds/hdds for each day during the period.
gross margin and economic gross margin gross margin increased $83 million and economic gross margin increased $168 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to the same period in 2019. the detail by segment is as follows:
texas
(in millions)
lower fuel and supply costs primarily due to $18 per mwh lower average power purchases in 2020 to serve the retail load, driven by purchasing incremental supply in 2019 at escalated prices above $1,000/mwh during periods of extreme weather during the third quarter; partially offset by a reduction in sell back of excess supply in 2020                                                                                                                                                                                   $540
lower gross margin due to a decrease in net sales of generation to third parties, as the supply was utilized to serve the company's retail load following the integration of the wholesale generation and retail operations with a geographical focus in 2020                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    (269)
lower net revenue due to:•lower volumes from attrition, customer mix, and reduced sales from direct and alternative sales channels due to the impact of covid-19 of $212 million,•lower net revenue rates driven by customer term, product, mix and the impact of covid-19 of $0.76 per mwh or $43 million,•decreased load of 1.1 twhs from unfavorable weather of $89 million;•partially offset by higher retail net revenue due to increased volumes from the acquisition of stream in august 2019 of $231 million             (113)
lower gross margin from market optimization activities                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            (27)
lower gross margin due to the sale of emissions in 2019                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           (13)
other                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              (5)
increase in economic gross margin                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 $113
decrease in mark-to-market for economic hedging primarily due to net unrealized gains/losses on open positions related to economic hedges                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        (199)
increase in contract and emission credit amortization                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               14
decrease in gross margin                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         $(72)
east
(in millions)
higher gross margin driven by a 43% increase in new york realized capacity prices                                                                                                                                                                                                  $47
higher gross margin due to increased volumes from the acquisition of stream energy in august 2019                                                                                                                                                                                   33
higher gross margin due to increased sales of portable solar and power products                                                                                                                                                                                                     24
higher gross margin due to lower supply costs on contracted load                                                                                                                                                                                                                    23
higher gross margin due to lower supply costs of approximately $2.50 per mwh, or $21 million, driven by lower electricity and natural gas prices, partially offset by $19 million from lower volumes due to attrition and customer mix, and the impact of covid-19                   2
lower gross margin due to a 6% decrease in pjm capacity volumes and a 4% decrease in pjm capacity prices                                                                                                                                                                          (41)
lower gross margin due to a 25% decrease in new england realized capacity prices                                                                                                                                                                                                  (36)
lower gross margin due to a lower of cost or market adjustment on oil inventory in 2020                                                                                                                                                                                           (29)
lower gross margin primarily due to a 41% decrease in economic generation volumes, primarily due to dark spread contractions and planned outages in 2020                                                                                                                          (16)
lower gross margin due to insurance proceeds from outages in 2019                                                                                                                                                                                                                  (8)
other                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                1
economic gross margin                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               $-
increase in mark-to-market for economic hedging primarily due to net unrealized gains/losses on open positions related to economic hedges                                                                                                                                          118
increase in gross margin                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          $118
west/other
(in millions)
higher gross margin primarily due to miso uplift payments resulting from out-of-market dispatch during hurricane laura, spark spread expansion in miso and increased california resource adequacy pricing; partially offset by lower realized pricing in the west               $55
higher gross margin from generation outage insurance proceeds received in 2020 for forced outages in 2019                                                                                                                                                                        30
higher gross margin due to the extended forced outage at the sunrise facility in 2019, partially offset by 2020 forced outages at cottonwood                                                                                                                                      2
lower gross margin from market optimization activities                                                                                                                                                                                                                         (17)
lower gross margin due to the canal 3 substantial completion payment earned in 2019                                                                                                                                                                                             (9)
lower gross margin due to the sale of emissions in 2019                                                                                                                                                                                                                         (4)
other                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           (1)
increase in economic gross margin                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               $56
decrease in mark-to-market for economic hedging primarily due to net unrealized gains/losses on open positions related to economic hedges                                                                                                                                      (18)
increase in gross margin                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        $38
mark-to-market for economic hedging activities mark-to-market for economic hedging activities includes asset-backed hedges that have not been designated as cash flow hedges. total net mark-to-market results decreased by $99 million during the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to the same period in 2019.
the breakdown of gains and losses included in operating revenues and operating costs and expenses by segment was as follows:
year ended december 31, 2020
(in millions)                                                                                                             texas                    east               west/other                    eliminations                             total mark-to-market results in operating revenues reversal of previously recognized unrealized losses/(gains) on settled positions related to economic hedges              $1                     $33                   $(7)                          $4                                     $31
net unrealized gains on open positions related to economic hedges                                                         1                      55       4                             4                                                   64
total mark-to-market gains/(losses) in operating revenues                                                                $2                     $88                   $(3)                          $8                                     $95
mark-to-market results in operating costs and expenses reversal of previously recognized unrealized (gains)/losses on settled positions related to economic hedges           $(87)                      $5                   $-                            $(4)                                 $(86)
reversal of acquired loss positions related to economic hedges                                                            2                       2                   -                             -                                        4
net unrealized (losses) on open positions related to economic hedges                                                  (126)                     (2)                   -                             (4)                                  (132)
total mark-to-market (losses)/gains in operating costs and expenses                                                  $(211)                      $5                   $-                            $(8)                                $(214)
year ended december 31, 2019
(in millions)                                                                                                             texas                      east               west/other                    eliminations                             total mark-to-market results in operating revenues reversal of previously recognized unrealized losses on settled positions related to economic hedges                     $21                       $14                   $12                           $-                                     $47
net unrealized gains/(losses) on open positions related to economic hedges                                               26                      (43)       4                                         (1)                                   (14)
total mark-to-market gains/(losses) in operating revenues                                                               $47                     $(29)                   $16                           $(1)                                   $33
mark-to-market results in operating costs and expenses reversal of previously recognized unrealized (gains)/losses on settled positions related to economic hedges          $(117)                        $3                   $(1)                          $-                                  $(115)
reversal of acquired loss positions related to economic hedges.                                                           1       5                                     -                             -                                        6
net unrealized gains/(losses) on open positions related to economic hedges                                               59                       (4)                   -                 1                                                   56
total mark-to-market (losses)/gains in operating costs and expenses                                                   $(57)                        $4                   $(1)                          $1                                   $(53)
mark-to-market results consist of unrealized gains and losses on contracts that are yet to be settled. the settlement of these transactions is reflected in the same revenue or cost caption as the items being hedged.
the reversals of acquired gain or loss positions were valued based upon the forward prices on the acquisition date.
for the year ended december 31, 2020 the $95 million gain in operating revenues from economic hedge positions was driven primarily by an increase in the value of open positions as a result of decreases in new york capacity prices, as well as the reversal of previously recognized unrealized losses on contracts that settled during the period. the $214 million loss in operating costs and expenses from economic hedge positions was driven primarily by a decrease in the value of open positions as a result of decreases in ercot power prices and heat rate contraction, as well as the reversal of previously recognized unrealized gains on contracts that settled during the period.
for the year ended december 31, 2019 the $33 million gain in operating revenues from economic hedge positions was driven primarily by the reversal of previously recognized unrealized losses on contracts that settled during the period. the $53 million loss in operating costs and expenses from economic hedge positions was driven primarily by the reversal of previously recognized unrealized gains, partially offset by an increase in the value of open positions as a result of gains on ercot heat rate positions due to heat rate expansion.
in accordance with asc 815, the following table represents the results of the company's financial and physical trading of energy commodities for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019. the realized and unrealized financial and physical trading results are included in operating revenue. the company's trading activities are subject to limits within the company's risk management policy.
year ended december 31,
(in millions)                         2020                          2019
trading gains/(losses)
realized                          $41                           $57
unrealized                        (5)                            20
total trading gains               $36                           $77
operations and maintenance expenses operations and maintenance expenses are comprised of the following:
(in millions)                             texas                   east                 west/other                  corporate   eliminations                 total year ended december 31, 2020           $651                   $374                     $101                         $9         $(6)                    $1,129
year ended december 31, 2019            605       368                                   105                          9         (5)                      1,082
operations and maintenance expenses increased by $47 million for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the same period in 2019, due to the following:
(in millions)
increase due to the final settlement of the asbestos liability related to midwest generation and the resulting reduction of the accrual in 2019               $27
increase due to higher customer operations spend including digital capabilities, data analytics and customer retention                                         19
increase due to a suspended plant project and reserves for obsolete inventory                                                                                  13
increase due to stream energy acquisition in august 2019                                                                                                       11
increase primarily due to planned outages at midwest generation in 2020                                                                                         8
increase due to incremental safety measures resulting from covid-19                                                                                             8
decrease in variable chemical costs due to a reduction in east generation volumes                                                                            (14)
decrease in plant deactivation costs due to projects at midwest generation and encina in 2019                                                                (12)
decrease due to return to service costs incurred at gregory facility in 2019                                                                                  (7)
other                                                                                                                                                         (6)
increase in operations and maintenance expense                                                                                                                $47
other cost of operations other cost of operations are comprised of the following:
(in millions)                             texas                 east                 west/other                  total year ended december 31, 2020           $163                  $91                      $18                     $272
year ended december 31, 2019            166       78                                   27         271
other cost of operations increased by $1 million for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the same period in 2019, due to the following:
(in millions)
increase in gross receipts tax due to the stream energy acquisition in august 2019 and higher revenue from increased rates and customer counts                                                                       $6
decrease in aro expense due to encina decommissioning and jewett mine remediation in 2019, partially offset by an increase in costs due to changes in regulatory requirements at the joliet facility                (5)
increase in other cost of operations                                                                                                                                                                                 $1
depreciation and amortization depreciation and amortization expenses are comprised of the following:
(in millions)                             texas                   east                 west/other                  corporate                  total year ended december 31, 2020           $227                   $142                      $32                        $34                     $435
year ended december 31, 2019            188       121                                    33                         31                      373
depreciation and amortization expense increased by $62 million for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the same period in 2019, primarily due to the acquisition of stream energy in august 2019, retail customer book acquisitions in 2020 and the midwest generation lease purchase in 2020.
impairment losses during the year ended december 31, 2020, the company recorded impairment losses of $75 million primarily related to the cottonwood facility and the home solar business, compared to impairment losses of $5 million recorded on intangible assets during the same period in 2019, as further described in item 15 - note 11, asset impairments, to the consolidated financial statements.
selling, general and administrative costs selling, general and administrative costs are comprised of the following:
(in millions)                                      texas                   east                 west/other                  corporate                  total year ended december 31, 2020                    $559                   $288                      $37                        $49                     $933
year ended december 31, 2019        481                                 291                       31                         24                      827
selling, general and administrative costs increased by $106 million for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the same period in 2019, due to the following:
(in millions)
increase due to the acquisitions of stream energy in august 2019                                                                                                                                                                                     $27
increase due to income from transition services agreements ending in 2019 and an increase in personnel costs in 2020                                                                                                                                  24
increase due to higher amortization of commissions                                                                                                                                                                                                    18
increase in acquisition costs related to the direct energy acquisition                                                                                                                                                                                17
increase in selling and marketing expenses primarily due to higher advertising expenses and marketing campaigns to increase customer count, partially offset by reduced spend in direct and alternative sales channels due to covid-19                11
increase in bad debt expense primarily due to the impact of covid-19                                                                                                                                                                                   5
other                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  4
increase in selling, general and administrative costs                                                                                                                                                                                               $106
reorganization costs for the year ended december 31, 2019, reorganization costs of $23 million primarily related to severance and contract modifications for the transformation plan. the company significantly achieved the operations and cost excellent portion of the transformation plan during 2019.
equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates increased by $15 million for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the same period in 2019 primarily due to higher revenues at ivanpah driven by operational efficiencies and favorable weather.
impairment losses on investments during the year ended december 31, 2020, the company recorded other-than-temporary impairment losses on the company's investment in petra nova parish holdings of $18 million, compared to $108 million recorded in the same period in 2019, as further described in item 15 - note 11, asset impairments, to the consolidated financial statements.
other income, net other income increased by $1 million for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the same period in 2019, primarily due to income from insurance proceeds received, partially offset by decreases in interest income and dividends received from cost method investments in 2020.
loss on debt extinguishment a loss on debt extinguishment of $9 million was recorded for the year ended december 31, 2020, driven by the debt extinguished in connection with the sale of home solar and the redemptions of the indian river and dunkirk bonds.
a loss on debt extinguishment of $51 million was recorded for the year ended december 31, 2019, driven by the redemption of senior notes, due 2024, and the repayment of the 2023 term loan facility.
interest expense interest expense decreased by $12 million for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the same period in 2019, due to the following:
(in millions)
decrease due to the repayment of the term loan and 2024 senior notes                                                                                                                                        $(16)
decrease in derivative interest expense due to the termination of interest rate swaps in 2019, partially offset by settlement of in-the-money interest rate swaps in 2019                                    (14)
decrease due to repayment of agua caliente debt in the fourth quarter of 2019                                                                                                                                 (7)
decrease due to lower interest on the revolving credit facility in 2020                                                                                                                                       (3)
decrease due to the early settlement of an interest rate swap in 2020, partially offset by interest expense related to financings entered into in connection with the direct energy acquisition               (2)
increase due to full year of interest incurred in 2020 on bonds issued in the second quarter of 2019                                                                                                           33
other                                                                                                                                                                                                         (3)
decrease in interest expense                                                                                                                                                                                $(12)
income tax expense/(benefit)
for the year ended december 31, 2020, nrg recorded income tax expense of $251 million on pre-tax income of $761 million. for the same period in 2019, nrg recorded an income tax benefit of $3.3 billion on pre-tax income of $786 million. the effective tax rate was 33.0% and (424.2)% for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. the large benefit for the year ended december 31, 2019 was due to a $3.5 billion release of the company's valuation allowance. refer to item 15 - note 21, income taxes, to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of the release in valuation allowance.
for the year ended december 31, 2020, nrg's overall effective tax rate was different than the federal statutory tax rate of 21% primarily due to state tax expense, recognition of state valuation allowance on nols, and return to provision adjustments.
year ended december 31,
(in millions, except effective income tax rate)                     2020                              2019
income from continuing operations before income taxes          $761                              $786
tax at federal statutory tax rate                               160                               165
state taxes                                                      18                                13
deferred impact of state tax rate changes                         2                                12
changes in valuation allowance                                   24                           (3,492)
permanent differences                                             8                               (9)
return to provision adjustments                                  36                                 -
recognition of uncertain tax benefits                             3                              (10)
other                                                             -                              (13)
income tax expense/(benefit)                                   $251                          $(3,334)
effective income tax rate                                      33.0    %                      (424.2)    %
the effective income tax rate may vary from period to period depending on, among other factors, the geographic and business mix of earnings and losses and changes in valuation allowances in accordance with asc 740, income taxes, or asc 740. these factors and others, including the company's history of pre-tax earnings and losses, are taken into account in assessing the ability to realize deferred tax assets.
income from discontinued operations, net of income tax year ended december 31,
(in millions)                                                                               2019
south central                                                                          $28
yield renewables platform &amp; carlsbad                                               296
genon                                                                                  (3)
income from discontinued operations, net of income tax                                $321
refer to item 15 - note 4, acquisitions, discontinued operations and dispositions, to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
liquidity and capital resources liquidity position as of december 31, 2020 and 2019, nrg's liquidity, excluding collateral funds deposited by counterparties, was approximately $7.0 billion and $2.1 billion, respectively, comprised of the following:
as of february 26,                                        as of december 31,
(in millions)                                                                                                       2021                      2020                            2019
cash and cash equivalents:                                                                               $1,923                        $3,905                            $345
restricted cash - operating                                                                                  10                             3                               4
restricted cash - reserves (a)                                                                                2                             3                               4
total                                                                                                     1,935                         3,911                             353
total availability under revolving credit facility and collective collateral facilities                   1,865                         3,129                           1,794
total liquidity, excluding collateral funds deposited by counterparties                                  $3,800                        $7,040                          $2,147
(a)includes reserves primarily for debt service, performance obligations and capital expenditures as of december 31, 2020, total liquidity, excluding collateral funds deposited by counterparties, increased by $4.9 billion. the increase was primarily driven by $2.9 billion of newly-issued secured and unsecured corporate debt and a $1.5 billion increase in collateral facilities to fund the direct energy acquisition. as of february 26, 2021, nrg had $3.8 billion of liquidity available to continue to support its operations. changes in cash and cash equivalent balances are further discussed under the heading cash flow discussion. cash and cash equivalents at december 31, 2020 were predominantly held in money market funds invested in treasury securities, treasury repurchase agreements or government agency debt.
management believes that the company's liquidity position and cash flows from operations will be adequate to finance operating and maintenance capital expenditures, to fund dividends to nrg's common stockholders, and to fund other liquidity commitments. management continues to regularly monitor the company's ability to finance the needs of its operating, financing and investing activity within the dictates of prudent balance sheet management.
credit ratings on july 24, 2020, moody's affirmed nrg's corporate family rating of ba1, with positive outlook. the agency also affirmed the ratings on all nrg's outstanding debt, including the ba2 rating on senior unsecured bonds, baa3 rating on senior secured bonds with fall-away security provisions and baa2 rating on senior secured bonds without the fall-away feature. on july 27, 2020, s&p upgraded the nrg corporate family rating to bb+ with a stable outlook and senior unsecured rating to bb+.
the following table summarizes the company's current credit ratings:
s&amp;p   moody's nrg energy, inc.        bb+ stable   ba1 positive
3.75% senior secured notes, due 2024              bbb-   baa3
2.00% senior secured notes, due 2025              bbb-   baa3
7.25% senior notes, due 2026               bb+   ba2
2.45% senior secured notes, due 2027              bbb-   baa3
6.625% senior notes, due 2027               bb+   ba2
5.75% senior notes, due 2028               bb+   ba2
3.375% senior notes, due 2029               bb+   ba2
4.45% senior secured notes, due 2029              bbb-   baa3
5.25% senior notes, due 2029               bb+   ba2
3.625% senior notes, due 2031               bb+   ba2
revolving credit facility, due 2024              bbb-   baa3
liquidity the principal sources of liquidity for nrg's operating and capital expenditures are expected to be derived from cash on hand, cash flows from operations and financing arrangements. as described in item 15 - note 14, long-term debt and finance leases, to the consolidated financial statements, the company's financing arrangements consist mainly of the senior credit facility, the senior notes and the senior secured notes.
the company's requirements for liquidity and capital resources, other than for operating its facilities, can generally be categorized by the following: (i) market operations activities; (ii) debt service obligations, as described more fully in item 15 - note 14, long-term debt and finance leases, to the consolidated financial statements; (iii) capital expenditures, including environmental; and (iv) allocations in connection with return of capital and dividend payments to shareholders as described in item 15 - note 17, capital structure, to the consolidated financial statements, acquisition opportunities, and debt repayments.
direct energy acquisition on july 24, 2020, the company entered into the purchase agreement with centrica plc to acquire direct energy, a north american subsidiary of centrica plc. direct energy is a leading retail provider of electricity, natural gas, and home and business energy related products and services in north america, with operations in all 50 u.s. states and 8 canadian provinces. the acquisition increased nrg's retail portfolio by over 3 million customers and strengthens its integrated model. it also broadens the company's presence in the northeast and into states and locales where it did not previously operate, supporting nrg's objective to diversify its business.
the company paid an aggregate purchase price of $3.625 billion in cash, subject to a purchase price adjustment of $77 million. the company funded the purchase price using a combination of $715 million of cash on hand, $166 million from a draw on its revolving credit facility (of which $107 million was used to fund acquisition costs and financing fees that are not included in the aggregate purchase price above) as well as approximately $2.9 billion in secured and unsecured corporate debt issued in december 2020. the company also increased its liquidity and collateral facilities by $3.4 billion through a combination of new letter of credit facilities and increases to its existing revolving credit facility, as further discussed below.
liquidity and collateral facility increases the following table presents increases to the company's liquidity and collateral facilities in connection with the direct energy acquisition:
(in millions)                                                                                    december 31, 2020
revolving credit facility commitment increase(a)                                                      $802
revolving credit facility new tranche(a)                                                               273
credit default swap facility                                                                           150
revolving accounts receivable financing facility                                                       750
repurchase facility                                                                                     75
facility agreement in connection with the sale of pre-capitalized trust securities(a)                  874
bilateral letter of credit facilities                                                                  475
total increases to liquidity and collateral facilities                                              $3,399
(a)available upon the acquisition closing date in connection with the close of the direct energy acquisition, the company is working to replace the collateral posted by centrica plc utilizing the availability under the above and existing facilities.
issuance of 2029 senior unsecured notes and 2031 senior unsecured notes on december 2, 2020, nrg issued $500 million aggregate principal amount of 3.375% senior notes due 2029 (the "2029 unsecured notes") and $1.0 billion aggregate principal amount of 3.625% senior notes due 2031 (the "2031 unsecured notes" and, together with the 2029 unsecured notes, the "unsecured notes"). interest is payable on the unsecured notes on february 15 and august 15 of each year beginning on august 15, 2021 until the maturity date of february 15, 2029 for the 2029 unsecured notes and february 15, 2031 for the 2031 unsecured notes.
issuance of 2025 and 2027 senior secured first lien notes on december 2, 2020, nrg issued $1.4 billion of aggregate principal amount of senior secured first lien notes, consisting of $500 million 2.000% senior secured first lien notes due 2025 (the "2025 secured notes") and $900 million 2.450% senior secured first lien notes due 2027 (the "2027 secured notes" and, together with the 2025 secured notes, the "2025 and 2027 senior secured first lien notes"), at a discount. the 2027 secured notes were issued under nrg's sustainability-linked bond framework, which sets out certain sustainability targets, including reducing greenhouse gas emissions. failure to meet such sustainability targets will result in a 25 basis point increase to the interest rate payable on the 2027 secured notes from and including the interest period ending on june 2, 2026. the 2025 and 2027 senior secured first lien notes are guaranteed on a first-priority basis by each of nrg's current and future subsidiaries that guarantee indebtedness under its credit agreement. the 2025 and 2027 senior secured first lien notes will be secured by a first priority security interest in the same collateral that is pledged for the benefit of the lenders under nrg's credit agreement, which consists of a substantial portion of the property and assets owned by nrg and the guarantors. the collateral securing the 2025 and 2027 senior secured first lien notes will be released if the company obtains an investment grade rating from two out of the three rating agencies, subject to an obligation to reinstate the collateral if such rating agencies withdraw the company's investment grade rating or downgrade its rating below investment grade interest is payable on the 2025 and 2027 senior secured first lien notes on june 2 and december 2 of each year beginning on june 2, 2021 until the maturity date of december 2, 2025 for the 2025 secured notes and until the maturity date of december 2, 2027 for the 2027 secured notes.
dunkirk bonds on march 11, 2020, nrg issued $59 million in aggregate principal amount of nrg dunkirk 2020 1.30% tax-exempt refinancing bonds due 2042 (the "dunkirk bonds"). the dunkirk bonds are guaranteed on a first-priority basis by each of nrg's current and future subsidiaries that guarantee indebtedness under its credit agreement. the dunkirk bonds are secured by a first priority security interest in the same collateral that is pledged for the benefit of the lenders under nrg's credit agreement, which consists of a substantial portion of the property and assets owned by nrg and the guarantors. the collateral securing the dunkirk bonds will, at the request of nrg, be released if nrg satisfies certain conditions, including receipt of an investment grade rating on its senior, unsecured debt securities from two out of the three rating agencies, subject to reversion if those rating agencies withdraw their investment grade rating of the bonds or any of nrg's senior, unsecured debt securities or downgrade such rating below investment grade. the dunkirk bonds are subject to mandatory tender and purchase on april 3, 2023 and have a final maturity date of april 1, 2042.
nrg used the net proceeds from the offering to redeem in 2020 the existing principal amount of outstanding dunkirk power llc 5.875% tax exempt bonds due 2042.
indian river bonds on december 17, 2020, nrg issued $57 million in aggregate principal amount of nrg indian river 2020 1.25% tax-exempt refinancing bonds due 2040 (the "ir 2040 bonds") and $190 million aggregate principal amount of nrg indian river power 2020 1.25% tax-exempt refinancing bonds due 2045 (the "ir 2045 bonds") (together the "ir bonds"). the ir bonds are guaranteed on a first-priority basis by each of nrg's current and future subsidiaries that guarantee indebtedness under its credit agreement. the bonds are secured by a first priority security interest in the same collateral that is pledged for the benefit of the lenders under nrg's credit agreement, which consists of a substantial portion of the property and assets owned by nrg and the guarantors. the collateral securing the ir bonds will, at the request of nrg, be released if nrg satisfies certain conditions, including receipt of an investment grade rating on its senior, unsecured debt securities from two out of the three rating agencies, subject to reversion if those rating agencies withdraw their investment grade rating of the ir bonds or any of nrg's senior, unsecured debt securities or downgrade such rating below investment grade. the ir bonds are subject to mandatory tender and purchase on october 1, 2025 and have final maturity dates of october 1, 2040 for the ir 2040 bonds and october 1, 2045 for the ir 2045 bonds.
nrg used the net proceeds from the offering to redeem in 2020 the existing principal amounts of outstanding indian river power 6.000% tax exempt bonds due 2040 and indian river power llc 5.375% tax exempt bonds due 2045.
revolving credit facility the company had $83 million outstanding under its revolving credit facility as of december 31, 2019, which was used to repay the outstanding indebtedness on the agua caliente borrower 1 notes on a leverage-neutral basis during the fourth quarter of 2019. there were no borrowings outstanding as of december 31, 2020.
on august 20, 2020, the company amended its existing credit agreement to, among other things, (i) increase the existing revolving commitments in an aggregate amount of $802 million, (ii) provide for a new tranche of revolving commitments in an aggregate amount of $273 million with a maturity date that is 30 months after the date of closing of the direct energy acquisition (the "acquisition closing date"), the maturity date of the new revolving tranche of commitments may, upon request by the company, at the option of each applicable lender under the new tranche be extended by 12 months, but not beyond may 28, 2024, which is the maturity date of the existing and increased commitments. other than with respect to the maturity date, the terms of all revolving commitments and loan made pursuant thereto are identical. the increase in the existing commitments and the commitments with respect to the new tranche are effective on august 20, 2020 but only became available on the acquisition closing date. for further discussion on the acquisition of direct energy see item 15 - note 4, acquisitions, discontinued operations and dispositions, to the consolidated financial statements. upon the acquisition closing date, total revolving commitments available, subject to usage, under this amendment will be $3.7 billion.
in addition, the amendment includes changes to, among other things, (i) permit the borrowing of up to the full amount of the revolving commitments in canadian dollars, (ii) increase the swingline facility from $50 million to $100 million and provide a $10 million swingline facility in canadian dollars, (iii) increase the credit facilities lien basket from the greater of $6 billion and 30% of total assets to the greater of $10 billion and 30% of total assets, (iv) increase the credit facilities debt basket from $6 billion to $10 billion, (v) increase the basket for securitization indebtedness from $750 million to $1.7 billion, (vi) provide an additional indebtedness basket equal to $600 million for certain liquidity facilities, and (vii) make certain other changes to the existing covenants and other provisions.
put option agreement for senior debt issuance during the fourth quarter of 2020, the company entered into a 3-year put option agreement with a delaware trust formed by the company upon completion of the sale of $900 million pre-capitalized trust securities redeemable november 15, 2023 (the "p-caps"). the trust invested the proceeds from the sale of the p-caps in a portfolio of principal and interest strips of u.s. treasury securities (the "eligible treasury assets"). under the put option agreement, nrg has the right, from time to time, to issue to the trust and to require the trust to purchase from nrg, on one or more occasions (the "issuance right"), up to $900 million aggregate principal amount of nrg's 1.841% senior secured first lien notes due 2023 (the "p-caps secured notes") in exchange for all or a portion of the eligible treasury assets corresponding to the portion of the issuance right. nrg will pay a semi-annual premium to the trust at a rate of 1.65%.
in connection with the issuance of the p-caps, on december 2, 2020, nrg entered into a facility agreement for the issuance of letters of credit (the "lc agreement") and deutsche bank trust company americas as collateral agent (the "collateral agent") and administrative agent pursuant to which certain financial institutions (the "lc issuers") are permitted to join with commitments to provide letters of credit in an aggregate amount not to exceed $874 million to support the operations of nrg and its subsidiaries and minority investments, including to replace certain currently outstanding letters of credit and other credit support issued for the account of entities being acquired pursuant to the acquisition. in addition, on december 2, 2020, the trust entered into a pledge and control agreement (the "pledge agreement"), among nrg, the trust and the collateral agent for the lc issuers, under which the trust agreed to grant a pledge over the eligible treasury assets in favor of the collateral agent for the benefit of the lc issuers. pursuant to the lc agreement and the pledge agreement, the collateral agent is entitled to withdraw eligible treasury assets from the trust's pledged account, following notice to nrg, in the event nrg has failed to reimburse amounts drawn under any letter of credit issued pursuant to the lc agreement, and the lc issuers have the right to instruct the collateral agent to enforce the pledge over the eligible treasury assets upon the occurrence of any event of default under the lc agreement (a "collateral enforcement event"). as of december 31, 2020 no letters of credit were issued under this agreement. see note 14, long-term debt and finance leases for further discussion.
credit default swap facility on january 4, 2019, the company entered into an $80 million credit agreement to issue letters of credit, which is currently supporting the cottonwood facility lease. annual fees of 1.33% on the facility were paid quarterly in advance. on august 13, 2020, the agreement was amended permitting the company to increase the size of the facility and fees on the facility were adjusted to reflect the costs of the credit default swaps that serve as collateral for the facility. in order to increase the company's collective collateral facilities in connection with the direct energy acquisition. nrg expanded the facility allowing for the issuance of an additional $150 million of letters of credit as of december 31, 2020. as of december 31, 2020, $229 million was issued under this facility.
bilateral letter of credit facilities in december 2020, the company entered into a series of bilateral letter of credit facilities to allow for the issuance of up to $475 million of letters of credit. these facilities are uncommitted. as of december 31, 2020, $5 million was issued under these facilities.
receivables securitization on september 22, 2020, nrg receivables llc, a bankruptcy remote, special purpose, indirect wholly owned subsidiary, entered into the receivables facility for an amount up to $750 million, subject to adjustments on a seasonal basis, with issuers of asset-backed commercial paper and commercial banks (the "lenders".) the assets of nrg receivables llc are first available to satisfy the claims of the lenders before making payments on the subordinated note and equity issued by nrg receivables llc. the assets of nrg receivables llc are not available to the company and its subsidiaries and creditors unless and until distributed by nrg receivables llc. under the receivables facility, certain indirect subsidiaries of the company sell their accounts receivables to nrg receivables llc, subject to certain terms and conditions. in turn, nrg receivables llc has granted a security interest in the purchased receivables to the lenders as collateral for borrowings of cash and issuances of letters of credit. receivables remain on the company's consolidated balance sheet and amounts funded by the lenders to nrg receivables llc are reflected as short-term borrowings. cash flows from the receivables facility are reflected as financing activities in the company's consolidated statements of cash flows. the company will continue to service the receivables sold in exchange for a servicing fee. the receivables facility is scheduled to expire on september 21, 2021, unless renewed by the mutual consent of the parties in accordance with its terms. borrowings by nrg receivables llc under the receivables facility bear interest as defined under the receivables financing agreement. the weighted average interest rate related to usage under the receivables facility as of december 31, 2020 was 0.537%. as of december 31, 2020, there were no outstanding borrowings and there were $198 million in letters of credit issued under the receivables facility.
repurchase facility on september 22, 2020, the company entered into an uncommitted repurchase facility ("repurchase facility") related to the receivables facility. under the repurchase facility the company can borrow up to $75 million, collateralized by a subordinated note issued by nrg receivables llc to nrg retail llc in favor of the originating entities representing a portion of the balance of receivables sold to nrg receivables llc under the receivables facility. the repurchase facility is scheduled to expire on september 22, 2021, unless renewed by the mutual consent of the parties in accordance with its terms. the repurchase facility has no commitment fee and borrowings will be drawn at libor +1.25%. as of december 31, 2020, there were no outstanding borrowings under the repurchase facility.
midwest generation lease purchase on september 29, 2020, midwest generation acquired all of the ownership interests in the powerton facility and units 7 and 8 of the joliet facility, which were being leased through 2034 and 2030, respectively, for approximately $260 million. the company funded the purchase with cash-on-hand. upon closing, lease expense related to these facilities, which totaled approximately $14 million in 2019, and the operating lease liability of $148 million were eliminated.
sale of agua caliente on november 19, 2020, the company entered into an agreement to sell its 35% ownership in agua caliente to clearway energy for $202 million. the sale of the solar project closed on february 3, 2021. on october 21, 2019, the company had repaid the agua caliente borrower 1 notes associated with the project of $83 million.
sale of 4.8 gw of fossil generation assets on february 28, 2021, the company entered into a definitive purchase agreement with generation bridge, an affiliate of arclight capital partners, to sell approximately 4,850 mws of fossil generating assets from its east and west regions of operations for total proceeds of $760 million, subject to standard purchase price adjustments and certain other indemnifications. as part of the transaction, nrg is entering into a tolling agreement for its 866 mw arthur kill plant in new york city through april 2025.
the transaction is expected to close in the fourth quarter of 2021, and is subject to various closing conditions, approvals and consents, including ferc, nyspsc, and antitrust review under hart-scott-rodino.
cares act on march 27, 2020, the u.s. government enacted the cares act, which provides, among other things, the option to defer payments of certain 2019 employer payroll taxes incurred after the date of enactment and pension contributions due in 2020, as well as claim a refund now for amt credits from the irs that were previously refundable over several years. as a result, the company (i) deferred the payment of $17 million for the employer share of social security taxes that would otherwise have been due in 2020, with 50% due by december 31, 2021 and the remaining 50% due by december 31, 2022 and (ii) received $34 million of refundable amt credits on august 4, 2020, inclusive of $17 million that was originally scheduled to be received in 2021. of the amount received, $22 million was paid to genon for its share of the amt credits received during the year of 2020.
pension plan contribution in the company's 2019 form 10-k, nrg had anticipated making contributions of $63 million to its pension plans, including stp, in 2020. cash contributions of $18 million were made during 2020, of which $7 million was related to stp. the remaining planned contributions for 2020 were satisfied by available pre-funded pension balances (previous contributions in excess of required pension contributions).
debt service obligations principal payments on debt and finance leases as of december 31, 2020 are due in the following periods:
(in millions)
description                                     2021                     2022                2023                  2024                  2025                 thereafter                    total recourse debt:
senior notes, due 2026                          $-                      $-                  $-                    $-                    $-                  $1,000                     $1,000
senior notes, due 2027                          -                        -                   -                     -                     -                   1,230                      1,230
senior notes, due 2028                          -                        -                   -                     -                     -                     821                        821
senior notes, due 2029                          -                        -                   -                     -                     -                     733                        733
senior notes, due 2029                          -                        -                   -                     -                     -                     500                        500
senior notes, due 2031                          -                        -                   -                     -                     -                   1,030                      1,030
convertible senior notes, due 2048              -                        -                   -                     -                     -                     575                        575
senior secured first lien notes, due 2024       -                        -                   -                   600                     -                       -                        600
senior secured first lien notes, due 2025       -                        -                   -                     -                   500                       -                        500
senior secured first lien notes, due 2027       -                        -                   -                     -                     -                     900                        900
senior secured first lien notes, due 2029       -                        -                   -                     -                     -                     500                        500
tax-exempt bonds                                -                        -                   -                     -                     -                     466                        466
subtotal recourse debt                          -                        -                   -                   600                   500                   7,755                      8,855
finance leases:
finance leases                                  1                        2                   1                     -                     -                       -                          4
subtotal finance leases                         1                        2                   1                     -                     -                       -                          4
total debt and finance leases                   $1                      $2                  $1                  $600                  $500                  $7,755                     $8,859
the company plans to reduce debt by nearly $1.2 billion during 2021 to maintain its targeted investment grade credit metrics. the company intends to fund the repurchase from cash from operations. nrg continues to look at optimizing its debt structure and seeking out lower interest rates.
market operations the company's market operations activities require a significant amount of liquidity and capital resources. these liquidity requirements are primarily driven by: (i) margin and collateral posted with counterparties; (ii) margin and collateral required to participate in physical markets and commodity exchanges; (iii) timing of disbursements and receipts (e.g. buying fuel before receiving energy revenues); (iv) initial collateral for large structured transactions; and (v) collateral for project development. as of december 31, 2020, market operations had total cash collateral outstanding of $50 million and $768 million outstanding in letters of credit to third parties primarily to support its market activities for both wholesale and retail transactions. as of december 31, 2020, total funds deposited by counterparties was $19 million in cash and $75 million of letters of credit.
future liquidity requirements, including those related to the acquisition of direct energy, may change based on the company's hedging activities and structures, power purchases and sales, fuel purchases, and future market conditions, including forward prices for energy and fuel and market volatility. in addition, liquidity requirements are dependent on the company's credit ratings and general perception of its creditworthiness.
first lien structure nrg has granted first liens to certain counterparties on a substantial portion of property and assets owned by nrg and the guarantors of its senior debt. nrg uses the first lien structure to reduce the amount of cash collateral and letters of credit that it would otherwise be required to post from time to time to support its obligations under out-of-the-money hedge agreements for forward sales of power or gas used as a proxy for power. to the extent that the underlying hedge positions for a counterparty are out-of-the-money to nrg, the counterparty would have a claim under the first lien program. the first lien program limits the volume that can be hedged, not the value of underlying out-of-the-money positions. the first lien program does not require nrg to post collateral above any threshold amount of exposure. within the first lien structure, the company can hedge up to 80% of its coal and nuclear capacity and 10% of its other assets with these counterparties for the first 60 months and then declining thereafter. net exposure to a counterparty on all trades must be positively correlated to the price of the relevant commodity for the first lien to be available to that counterparty. the first lien structure is not subject to unwind or termination upon a ratings downgrade of a counterparty and has no stated maturity date.
the company's first lien counterparties may have a claim on its assets to the extent market prices exceed the hedged prices. as of december 31, 2020, all hedges under the first liens were in-the-money on a counterparty aggregate basis.
the following table summarizes the amount of mw hedged against the company's coal and nuclear assets and as a percentage relative to the company's coal and nuclear capacity under the first lien structure as of december 31, 2020:
equivalent net sales secured by first lien structure (a)               2021                 2022                 2023              2024
in mw                                                                   692                  803                  801                 0
as a percentage of total net coal and nuclear capacity (b)              15%                  18%                  18%                -%
(a)equivalent net sales include natural gas swaps converted using a weighted average heat rate by region
(b)net coal and nuclear capacity represents 80% of the company's total coal and nuclear assets eligible under the first lien, which excludes coal assets acquired in the midwest generation acquisition small book acquisitions during 2020, the company acquired multiple books of customers totaling approximately 56,000 customers for $22 million.
capital expenditures the following table summarizes the company's capital expenditures for maintenance, environmental, and growth investments for the year ended december 31, 2020:
(in millions)                                      maintenance       environmental        growth investments(a)                 total texas                                              $(99)             $(1)                 $(30)                            $(130)
east                                               (20)              (2)                  (23)                               (45)
west/other                                         (30)              -                    -                                  (30)
corporate                                          (7)               -                    (18)                               (25)
total capital expenditures                         (156)             (3)                  (71)                              (230)
other investments                                  -                 -                    (32)                               (32)
total capital expenditures and investments         $(156)            $(3)                 $(103)                           $(262)
(a)includes other investments, acquisitions, digital nrg and costs to achieve. excludes midwest generation lease buyout growth investments in east for the year ended december 31, 2020 include the astoria generating facility, for which the company has proposed to replace existing units with a single, new state-of-the-art simple cycle combustion turbine having a total generating capacity of 437 mw. the company is working to obtain the permits and regulatory approvals necessary to commence construction of the project. nrg is targeting 2023 for commercial operation. additionally, included in other investments are expenditures for encina site improvements classified as aro payments. demolition at the encina site is underway and is expected to be completed in the first half of 2022. the company expects to initiate the planning and marketing process of the encina site in 2021.
environmental capital expenditures estimate nrg estimates that environmental capital expenditures from 2021 through 2025 required to comply with environmental laws will be approximately $61 million. these costs are primarily associated with the cost of complying with the federal ccr rule and ash storage projects.
67
the table below summarizes the status of nrg's coal fleet with respect to air quality controls. nrg uses an integrated approach to fuels, controls and emissions markets to meet environmental requirements.
so2                                                                                                   nox   mercury                                                                                             particulate units                      state       control equipment                      install date       control equipment                  install date   control equipment                      install date       control equipment                        install date indian river 4             de          cds                                            2011              lnbofa/scr                     1999/2011   aci/cds/ff                                2008/2011                  esp/ff                           1980/2011
limestone 1-2              tx          fgd                                         1985-86                  lnbofa                     2002/2003   aci                                            2015                     esp                           1985-1986
powerton 5                 il          dsi                                            2016                ofa/sncr                     2003/2012   aci                                            2009             esp/upgrade                           1973/2016
powerton 6                 il          dsi                                            2014                ofa/sncr                     2002/2012   aci                                            2009             esp/upgrade                           1976/2014
w.a. parish 5, 6, 7        tx          ff co-benefit                                  1988                     scr                          2004   aci                                            2015                      ff                                1988
w.a. parish 8              tx          fgd                                            1982                     scr                          2004   aci                                            2015                      ff                                1988
waukegan 7                 il          dsi                                            2014                  lnbofa                          2002   aci                                            2008             esp/upgrade                     1958/2002, 2014
waukegan 8                 il          dsi                                            2015                  lnbofa                          1999   aci                                            2008             esp/upgrade                     1962/1999, 2015
will county 4              il          dsi                                            2017                  lnbofa                     1999,2000   aci                                            2009             esp/upgrade                        1963,72/2000
aci - activated carbon injectioncds - circulating dry scrubberdsi - dry sorbent injection with tronaesp - electrostatic precipitatorfgd - flue gas desulfurization (wet)         ff- fabric filterlnbofa - low nox burner with overfire airofa - overfire airscr - selective catalytic reductionsncr - selective non-catalytic reduction the following table summarizes the estimated environmental capital expenditures by region:
(in millions)       texas                 east                total
2021      $2                   $7                   $9
2022      10                   17                   27
2023       4                   14                   18
2024       4                    1                    5
2025       2                    -                    2
total     $22                  $39                  $61
share repurchases in 2020, the company completed $224 million of share repurchases at an average price of $33.05 per share, including $27 million of equivalent shares purchased in lieu of tax withholdings on equity compensation issuance.
common stock dividends nrg increased the annual dividend to $1.20 per share from $0.12 per share in the first quarter of 2020, and to $1.30 per share beginning in the first quarter of 2021. nrg expects to target an annual dividend growth rate of 7-9% per share in subsequent years.
the company returned $294 million of capital to shareholders in the year ended 2020 through a $1.20 dividend per common share.
on january 21, 2021, nrg declared a quarterly dividend on the company's common stock of $0.325 per share, or $1.30 per share on an annualized basis, payable on february 16, 2021, to stockholders of record as of february 1, 2021. the company's common stock dividends are subject to available capital, market conditions, and compliance with associated laws and regulations.
cash flow discussion
2020 compared to 2019
the following table reflects the changes in cash flows for the comparative years:
year ended december 31,
(in millions)                                                      2020                            2019           change net cash provided by operating activities                   $1,837                          $1,413             $424
net cash (used)/provided by investing activities             (494)                             556          (1,050)
net cash provided/(used) by financing activities             2,204                         (2,148)            4,352
net cash provided/(used) by operating activities changes to net cash provided/(used) by operating activities were driven by:
(in millions)
increase in operating income adjusted for other non-cash items                                                                                                     $212
increase in working capital primarily attributed to lower fuel payables in 2020 driven by lower volumes of gas and fewer coal shipments received.                   121
increase in other working capital due to the final settlement of the asbestos liability with comed and the resulting reduction of the accrual in 2019                53
increase primarily due to decreased pension contributions in 2020 due to the utilization of pre-funded pension balances                                              50
decrease due to receipt of refundable amt credits                                                                                                                  (34)
changes in cash collateral in support of risk management activities due to change in commodity prices                                                                22
change in cash provided by discontinued operations                                                                                                                  (8)
other changes in working capital                                                                                                                                      8
$424
net cash (used)/provided by investing activities changes to net cash (used)/provided by investing activities were driven by:
(in millions)
decrease in proceeds from sales of assets and discontinued operations primarily due to sales of south central and carlsbad in 2019           $(1,213)
change in investments in unconsolidated affiliates                                                                                                 93
decrease in cash paid for acquisitions of assets, businesses and leases                                                                            71
decrease in contributions to discontinued operations                                                                                               44
decrease in net sales of emissions allowances                                                                                                    (21)
increase in purchases of investments in nuclear decommissioning trust fund securities, net of proceeds from sales                                (18)
other                                                                                                                                             (6)
$(1,050)
net cash provided/(used) by financing activities changes in net cash provided/(used) by financing activities were driven by:
(in millions)
decrease in payments of long-term debt                                                   $2,236
increase in proceeds from issuance of long-term debt                                      1,401
decrease in payments for share repurchase activity                                        1,211
increase in payments of dividends to common stockholders                                  (263)
changes in the revolving credit facility                                                  (166)
change in cash provided by discontinued operations                                         (43)
increase in payments of debt extinguishment costs and deferred issuance costs              (19)
other                                                                                       (5)
$4,352
nols, deferred tax assets and uncertain tax position implications as of december 31, 2020, the company had domestic pre-tax book income of $749 million and foreign pre-tax book income of $12 million. for the year ended december 31, 2020, the company utilized u.s. federal nols of $134 million due to current year taxable income. as of december 31, 2020, the company has cumulative u.s. federal nol carryforwards of $10.1 billion, which will begin expiring in 2031 and cumulative state nol carryforwards of $5.4 billion. nrg also has cumulative foreign nol carryforwards of $347 million, which do not have an expiration date. in addition to the above nols, nrg has a $14 million indefinite carryforward for interest deductions, as well as $384 million of tax credits to be utilized in future years. as a result of the company's tax position, including the utilization of federal and state nols, and based on current forecasts, the company anticipates income tax payments, primarily due to state and local jurisdictions, of up to $26 million in 2021.
the company has $15 million of tax effected uncertain state tax benefits for which the company has recorded a non-current tax liability of $18 million (including accrued interest) until such final resolution with the related taxing authority.
the company is no longer subject to u.s. federal income tax examinations for years prior to 2017. with few exceptions, state and local income tax examinations are no longer open for years before 2012.
off-balance sheet arrangements obligations under certain guarantee contracts nrg and certain of its subsidiaries enter into guarantee arrangements in the normal course of business to facilitate market transactions with third parties. these arrangements include financial and performance guarantees, stand-by letters of credit, debt guarantees, surety bonds and indemnifications. see also item 15 - note 28, guarantees, to the consolidated financial statements for additional discussion.
retained or contingent interests nrg does not have any material retained or contingent interests in assets transferred to an unconsolidated entity.
obligations arising out of a variable interest in an unconsolidated entity variable interest in equity investments - as of december 31, 2020, nrg has several investments with an ownership interest percentage of 50% or less in energy and energy-related entities that are accounted for under the equity method of accounting. ivanpah is considered a variable interest entity for which nrg is not the primary beneficiary.
nrg's pro-rata share of non-recourse debt held by unconsolidated affiliates was approximately $829 million as of december 31, 2020. this indebtedness may restrict the ability of these subsidiaries to issue dividends or distributions to nrg. see also item 15 - note 18, investments accounted for by the equity method and variable interest entities, to the consolidated financial statements for additional discussion.
contractual obligations and market commitments nrg has a variety of contractual obligations and other market commitments that represent prospective cash requirements in addition to the company's capital expenditure programs. the following tables summarize nrg's contractual obligations and contingent obligations for guarantees. see also item 15 - note 14, long-term debt and finance leases, note 24, commitments and contingencies, and note 28, guarantees, to the consolidated financial statements for additional discussion.
by remaining maturity at december 31,
(in millions)                                                                                                                                                                                           2020
contractual cash obligations                                             under1 year                     1-3 years                     3-5 years                   over5 years                     total (a)
long-term debt (including estimated interest)                             $431                          $901                        $1,883                        $9,098                       $12,313
finance lease obligations (including estimated interest)                     1                             3                             -                             -                             4
operating leases                                                            86                           163                           118                            34                           401
fuel purchase and transportation obligations                               146                           167                           132                            80                           525
purchased power commitments(b)                                              48                           112                            99                           316                           575
pension minimum funding requirement (c)                                     27                            30                            25                            43                           125
other postretirement benefits minimum funding requirement (d)                6                            11                            10                            19                            46
other liabilities (e)                                                       34                            46                            34                           108                           222
cash consideration for the acquisition of direct energy(f)               3,702                             -                             -                             -                         3,702
total                                                                   $4,481                        $1,433                        $2,301                        $9,698                       $17,913
(a)excludes $15 million non-current payable relating to nrg's uncertain tax benefits under asc 740 as the period of payment cannot be reasonably estimated. also excludes $760 million of asset retirement obligations that are discussed in item 15 - note 15, asset retirement obligations, to the consolidated financial statements
(b)includes purchase power commitments and renewable minimum purchase power commitments under ppas
(c)these amounts represent the company's estimated minimum pension contributions required under the pension protection act of 2006. these amounts represent estimates based on assumptions that are subject to change.
(d)these amounts represent estimates based on assumptions that are subject to change
(e)includes water right agreements, service and maintenance agreements, stadium naming rights, stadium sponsorships, ltsa commitments and other contractual obligations
(f)on january 5, 2021 the company acquired all of the issued and outstanding common shares of direct energy and paid an aggregate purchase price of $3.625 billion in cash, subject to a purchase price adjustment of $77 million. for more information see item 15 - note 4, acquisitions, discontinued operations and dispositions.
by remaining maturity at december 31,
(in millions)                                                                                                                                                              2020
guarantees                                    under1 year                     1-3 years                     3-5 years                   over5 years                       total letters of credit and surety bonds           $1,049                           $73                           $31                            $-                        $1,153
asset sales guarantee obligations                86                           282                            26                           112                           506
other guarantees                                  -                             -                             -                            87                            87
total guarantees                             $1,135                          $355                           $57                          $199                        $1,746
guarantor financial information as of december 31, 2020, the company had outstanding $5.9 billion of senior notes and convertible senior notes due 2026 to 2048 and outstanding $2.5 billion of senior secured first lien notes due from 2024 to 2029, as shown in note 14, long-term debt and finance leases. these senior notes and senior secured first lien notes are guaranteed by certain of nrg's current and future 100% owned domestic subsidiaries, or guarantor subsidiaries (the "guarantors"). see exhibit 22.1 for a listing of the guarantors. these guarantees are both joint and several.
nrg conducts much of its business through and derives much of its income from its subsidiaries. therefore, the company's ability to make required payments with respect to its indebtedness and other obligations depends on the financial results and condition of its subsidiaries and nrg's ability to receive funds from its subsidiaries. there are no restrictions on the ability of any of the guarantors to transfer funds to nrg. other subsidiaries of the company do not guarantee the registered debt securities of either nrg energy, inc or the guarantors (such subsidiaries are referred to as the "non-guarantors"). the non-guarantors include all of nrg's foreign subsidiaries and certain domestic subsidiaries.
in march 2020, the sec adopted final rules that amend the financial disclosure requirements for subsidiary issuers and guarantees of registered debt securities under rule 3-10 of regulation s-x, permitting registrants to disclose summarized financial information for each subsidiary issuer and guarantor. these final rules were codified in rule 13-01 of regulation s-x.
in compliance thereof, the company is including summarized financial information for nrg energy, inc. and the guarantors on a combined basis after transactions and balances within the combined entities have been eliminated.
the tables below present summarized financial information of nrg energy, inc. and the guarantors in accordance with rule 3-10 under the sec's regulation s-x. the financial information may not necessarily be indicative of results of operations or financial position of nrg energy, inc. and the guarantors in accordance with u.s. gaap.
the following table presents the summarized statement of operations:
(in millions)                                   for the year ended december 31, 2020(a)
operating revenues                                               $8,146
operating income                                                  1,011
total other expense                                               (348)
income from continuing operations                                   663
net income                                                          431
(a)intercompany transactions with non-guarantors include operating revenue of $10 million, cost of operations of $(169) million and selling, general and administrative of $18 million the following table presents the summarized balance sheet information:
(in millions)                                 december 31, 2020
current assets(a)                                $5,389
property, plant and equipment, net                1,303
non-current assets                                7,599
current liabilities(a)                            1,846
non-current liabilities                          10,976
(a)includes intercompany receivables of $55 million and intercompany payables of $52 million due from non-guarantors fair value of derivative instruments nrg may enter into power purchase and sales contracts, fuel purchase contracts and other energy-related financial instruments to mitigate variability in earnings due to fluctuations in spot market prices and to hedge fuel requirements at power plants or retail load obligations.
nrg's trading activities are subject to limits in accordance with the company's risk management policy. these contracts are recognized on the balance sheet at fair value and changes in the fair value of these derivative financial instruments are recognized in earnings.
the tables below disclose the activities that include both exchange and non-exchange traded contracts accounted for at fair value in accordance with asc 820, fair value measurements and disclosures, or asc 820. specifically, these tables disaggregate realized and unrealized changes in fair value; disaggregate estimated fair values at december 31, 2020, based on their level within the fair value hierarchy defined in asc 820; and indicate the maturities of contracts at december 31, 2020. for a full discussion of the company's valuation methodology of its contracts, see derivative fair value measurements in item 15 - note 5, fair value of financial instruments, to the consolidated financial statements.
derivative activity gains/(losses)                                     (in millions)
fair value of contracts as of december 31, 2019                           $67
contracts realized or otherwise settled during the period                (77)
changes in fair value                                                    (53)
fair value of contracts as of december 31, 2020                         $(63)
fair value of contracts as of december 31, 2020
(in millions)                                                                                                                                                                                    maturity fair value hierarchy (losses)/gains           1 year or less               greater than 1 year to 3 years                     greater than 3 years to 5 years                    greater than5 years                    total fairvalue level 1                                         $(22)                      $(6)                                               $-                                                 $1                                     $(27)
level 2                                            79                      (60)                                               (32)                                               (7)                                    (20)
level 3                                             4                      (9)                                                (5)                                                (6)                                    (16)
total                                             $61                      $(75)                                              $(37)                                              $(12)                                  $(63)
the company has elected to disclose derivative assets and liabilities on a trade-by-trade basis and does not offset amounts at the counterparty master agreement level. also, collateral received or posted on the company's derivative assets or liabilities are recorded on a separate line item on the balance sheet. consequently, the magnitude of the changes in individual current and non-current derivative assets or liabilities is higher than the underlying credit and market risk of the company's portfolio. as discussed in item 7a - quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk, commodity price risk, nrg measures the sensitivity of the company's portfolio to potential changes in market prices using var, a statistical model which attempts to predict risk of loss based on market price and volatility. nrg's risk management policy places a limit on one-day holding period var, which limits the company's net open position. as the company's trade-by-trade derivative accounting results in a gross-up of the company's derivative assets and liabilities, the net derivative assets and liability position is a better indicator of nrg's hedging activity. as of december 31, 2020, nrg's net derivative liability was $63 million, a decrease to total fair value of $130 million as compared to december 31, 2019. this decrease was primarily driven by roll-off trades that settled during the period, as well as losses in fair value.
based on a sensitivity analysis using simplified assumptions, the impact of a $0.50 per mmbtu increase in natural gas prices across the term of the derivative contracts would result in an increase of approximately $102 million in the net value of derivatives as of december 31, 2020.
the impact of a $0.50 per mmbtu decrease in natural gas prices across the term of the derivative contracts would result in a decrease of approximately $105 million in the net value of derivatives as of december 31, 2020.
critical accounting policies and estimates nrg's discussion and analysis of the financial condition and results of operations are based upon the consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with gaap. the preparation of these financial statements and related disclosures in compliance with gaap requires the application of appropriate technical accounting rules and guidance as well as the use of estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities. the application of these policies involves judgments regarding future events, including the likelihood of success of particular projects, legal and regulatory challenges, and the fair value of certain assets and liabilities. these judgments, in and of themselves, could materially affect the financial statements and disclosures based on varying assumptions, which may be appropriate to use. in addition, the financial and operating environment may also have a significant effect, not only on the operation of the business, but on the results reported through the application of accounting measures used in preparing the financial statements and related disclosures, even if the nature of the accounting policies have not changed.
on an ongoing basis, nrg evaluates these estimates, utilizing historic experience, consultation with experts and other methods the company considers reasonable. in any event, actual results may differ substantially from the company's estimates. any effects on the company's business, financial position or results of operations resulting from revisions to these estimates are recorded in the period in which the information that gives rise to the revision becomes known.
nrg's significant accounting policies are summarized in item 15 - note 2, summary of significant accounting policies, to the consolidated financial statements. the company identifies its most critical accounting policies as those that are the most pervasive and important to the portrayal of the company's financial position and results of operations, and require the most difficult, subjective and/or complex judgments by management regarding estimates about matters that are inherently uncertain.
accounting policy                                                    judgments/uncertainties affecting application derivative instruments                                               assumptions used in valuation techniques assumptions used in forecasting generation assumptions used in forecasting borrowings market maturity and economic conditions contract interpretation market conditions in the energy industry, especially the effects of price volatility on contractual commitments income taxes and valuation allowance for deferred tax assets         ability to be sustained upon audit examination of taxing authorities interpret existing tax statute and regulations upon application to transactions ability to utilize tax benefits through carry backs to prior periods and carry forwards to future periods impairment of long-lived assets and investments                      recoverability of investment through future operations regulatory and political environments and requirements estimated useful lives of assets environmental obligations and operational limitations estimates of future cash flows estimates of fair value judgment about impairment triggering events goodwill and other intangible assets                                 estimated useful lives for finite-lived intangible assets judgment about impairment triggering events estimates of reporting unit's fair value fair value estimate of intangible assets acquired in business combinations contingencies                                                        estimated financial impact of event(s)
judgment about likelihood of event(s) occurring regulatory and political environments and requirements derivative instruments the company follows the guidance of asc 815 to account for derivative instruments. asc 815 requires the company to mark-to-market all derivative instruments on the balance sheet and recognize changes in the fair value of non-hedge derivative instruments immediately in earnings. in certain cases, nrg may apply hedge accounting to the company's derivative instruments. the criteria used to determine if hedge accounting treatment is appropriate are: (i) the designation of the hedge to an underlying exposure; (ii) whether the overall risk is being reduced; and (iii) if there is a correlation between the changes in fair value of the derivative instrument and the underlying hedged item. changes in the fair value of derivatives instruments accounted for as hedges are deferred and recorded as a component of oci and subsequently recognized in earnings when the hedged transactions occur.
for purposes of measuring the fair value of derivative instruments, nrg uses quoted exchange prices and broker quotes. when external prices are not available, nrg uses internal models to determine the fair value. these internal models include assumptions of the future prices of energy commodities based on the specific market in which the energy commodity is being purchased or sold, using externally available forward market pricing curves for all periods possible under the pricing model. these estimations are considered to be critical accounting estimates.
upon repayment of the term loan in 2019, all of the company's interest rate swaps were terminated. during the fourth quarter of 2020, nrg entered into $1.6 billion of interest rate hedges associated with anticipated certain financing needs. as of december 31, 2020, the interest rate hedges were settled in connection with the issuance of fixed rate debt, resulting in a gain of $11 million that was recorded as a reduction to interest expense. in order to qualify the derivative instruments for hedged transactions prior to termination, nrg estimated the forecasted borrowings for interest rate swaps occurring within a specified time period. judgments related to the probability of forecasted borrowings were based on the estimated timing of project construction, which can vary based on various factors. the probability that forecasted borrowings will occur by the end of a specified time period could change the results of operations by requiring amounts classified in oci to be reclassified into earnings, creating increased variability in the company's earnings.
certain derivative instruments that meet the criteria for derivative accounting treatment also qualify for a scope exception to derivative accounting, as they are considered to be npns. the availability of this exception is based upon the assumption that nrg has the ability and it is probable to deliver or take delivery of the underlying item. these assumptions are based on expected load requirements, available baseload capacity, internal forecasts of sales and generation and historical physical delivery on contracts. derivatives that are considered to be npns are exempt from derivative accounting treatment and are accounted for under accrual accounting. if it is determined that a transaction designated as npns no longer meets the scope exception due to changes in estimates, the related contract would be recorded on the balance sheet at fair value combined with the immediate recognition through earnings.
income taxes and valuation allowance for deferred tax assets as of december 31, 2020, nrg's deferred tax assets were primarily the result of u.s. federal and state nols, the difference between book and tax basis in property, plant, and equipment, and tax credit carryforwards. the realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the company's ability to generate sufficient future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible, prior to the expiration of the tax attributes. the evaluation of deferred tax assets requires judgment in assessing the likely future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in the company's financial statements or tax returns and forecasting future profitability by tax jurisdiction.
a valuation allowance of $266 million and $242 million was recorded against nrg's gross deferred tax asset balance as of december 31, 2020, and december 31, 2019, respectively. during the year ended december 31, 2019, nrg released the majority of its valuation allowance against its u.s. federal and state deferred tax assets, resulting in a non-cash benefit to income tax expense of approximately $3.5 billion.
the company evaluates its deferred tax assets quarterly on a jurisdictional basis to determine whether adjustments to the valuation allowance are appropriate considering changes in facts or circumstances. as of each reporting date, management considers new evidence, both positive and negative, when determining the future realization of the company's deferred tax assets. in making the determination to release the majority of the valuation allowance as of december 31, 2019, the company evaluated a number of factors, including its recent history of pre-tax earnings, utilization of $593 million of nols in 2019, as well as its forecasted future pre-tax earnings. based on this evaluation, the company determined that its future u.s. federal tax benefits are more-likely-than-not to be realized. given the company's current level of pre-tax earnings and forecasted future pre-tax earnings, the company expects to generate income before taxes in the u.s. in future periods at a level that would fully utilize its u.s. federal nol carryforwards and the majority of its state nol carryforwards prior to their expiration.
nrg continues to maintain a valuation allowance of approximately $266 million as of december 31, 2020 against net deferred tax assets consisting of state net operating losses and foreign nol carryforwards in jurisdictions where the company does not currently believe that the realization of its deferred tax assets is more likely than not.
considerable judgment is required to determine the tax treatment of a particular item that involves interpretations of complex tax laws, including the impact of the tax act effective december 22, 2017. nrg is subject to examination by taxing authorities for income tax returns filed in the u.s. federal jurisdiction and various state and foreign jurisdictions, including operations located in australia and canada. nrg continues to be under audit for multiple years by taxing authorities in various jurisdictions.
the company is no longer subject to u.s. federal income tax examinations for years prior to 2017. with few exceptions, state and local income tax examinations are no longer open for years before 2012.
evaluation of assets for impairment and other-than-temporary decline in value in accordance with asc 360, property, plant, and equipment, or asc 360, nrg evaluates property, plant and equipment and certain intangible assets for impairment whenever indicators of impairment exist. examples of such indicators or events are:
•significant decrease in the market price of a long-lived asset;
•significant adverse change in the manner an asset is being used or its physical condition;
•adverse business climate;
•accumulation of costs significantly in excess of the amount originally expected for the construction or acquisition of an asset;
•current period loss combined with a history of losses or the projection of future losses; and
•change in the company's intent about an asset from an intent to hold to a greater than 50% likelihood that an asset will be sold, or disposed of before the end of its previously estimated useful life.
recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of the assets to the future net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset, through considering project specific assumptions for long-term power prices, escalated future project operating costs and expected plant operations. if such assets are considered to be impaired, the impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets by factoring in the different courses of action available to the company. generally, fair value will be determined using valuation techniques, such as the present value of expected future cash flows. nrg uses its best estimates in making these evaluations and considers various factors, including forward price curves for energy, fuel and operating costs. however, actual future market prices and project costs could vary from the assumptions used in the company's estimates and the impact of such variations could be material.
for assets to be held and used, if the company determines that the undiscounted cash flows from the asset are less than the carrying amount of the asset, nrg must estimate fair value to determine the amount of any impairment loss. assets held-for-sale are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less the cost to sell. the estimation of fair value, whether in conjunction with an asset to be held and used or with an asset held-for-sale, and the evaluation of asset impairment are, by their nature, subjective. nrg considers quoted market prices in active markets to the extent they are available. in the absence of such information, the company may consider prices of similar assets, consult with brokers, or employ other valuation techniques. nrg will also discount the estimated future cash flows associated with the asset using a single interest rate representative of the risk involved with such an investment or asset. the use of these methods involves the same inherent uncertainty of future cash flows as previously discussed with respect to undiscounted cash flows. actual future market prices and project costs could vary from those used in the company's estimates and the impact of such variations could be material.
in the third quarter of 2020, the company concluded its home solar business was held for sale as a result of advanced negotiations to sell the business and recorded an impairment loss of $29 million in the west/other segment to adjust the carrying amount of the assets and liabilities to fair market value based on indicative sale prices. on november 13, 2020, the company completed the sale of the home solar business for $66 million.
annually, during the fourth quarter, the company revises its views of power and fuel prices including the company's fundamental view for long-term prices, forecasted generation and operating and capital expenditures, in connection with the preparation of its annual budget. changes to the company's views of long-term power and fuel prices impact the company's projections of profitability, based on management's estimate of supply and demand within the sub-markets for its operations and the physical and economic characteristics of each of its businesses.
during 2020, the company identified a long-lived asset impairment related to the cottonwood facility, as further described in item 15 - note 11, asset impairments. the company recognized an impairment loss of $32 million in 2020 in the west/other segment associated with the company's long-term services agreement and related lease payments, as the carrying amounts of the assets from the contract were higher than the estimated operating cash flow though the remaining lease period.
equity method investments nrg is also required to evaluate its equity method investments to determine whether or not they are impaired in accordance with asc 323, investments - equity method and joint ventures, or asc 323. the standard for determining whether an impairment must be recorded under asc 323 is whether a decline in the value is considered an other-than-temporary decline in value. the evaluation and measurement of impairments under asc 323 involves the same uncertainties as described for long-lived assets that the company owns directly and accounts for in accordance with asc 360. similarly, the estimates that nrg makes with respect to its equity method investments are subjective, and the impact of variations in these estimates could be material. additionally, if the projects in which the company holds these investments recognize an impairment under the provisions of asc 360, nrg would record its proportionate share of that impairment loss and would evaluate its investment for an other-than-temporary decline in value under asc 323. during the year ended december 31, 2020, the company recorded an impairment loss of $18 million in the texas segment, which included the anticipated drawdown of the $12 million letter of credit posted in september 2019 to cover certain project debt reserve requirements.
other impairments for the year ended december 31, 2020, the company recorded $14 million of impairment losses related to intangible assets in the texas segment.
goodwill and other intangible assets at december 31, 2020, nrg reported goodwill of $579 million, consisting of $165 million associated with the acquisition of midwest generation and $414 million for retail operations acquisitions, including stream energy and xoom, which were acquired in 2019 and 2018, respectively.
the company applies asc 805, business combinations, or asc 805, and asc 350, to account for its goodwill and intangible assets. under these standards, the company amortizes all finite-lived intangible assets over their respective estimated weighted-average useful lives, while goodwill has an indefinite life and is not amortized. goodwill is tested for impairment at least annually, or more frequently whenever an event or change in circumstances occurs that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying amount. the company tests goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level, which is identified by assessing whether the components of the company's operating segments constitute businesses for which discrete financial information is available and whether segment management regularly reviews the operating results of those components. the company performs the annual goodwill impairment assessment as of december 31 or when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the fair value of the reporting unit may be below the carrying amount. the company first assesses qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that an impairment has occurred. in the absence of sufficient qualitative factors, the company performs a quantitative assessment by determining the fair value of the reporting unit and comparing to its book value. if it is determined that the fair value of a reporting unit is below its carrying amount, where necessary, the company's goodwill will be impaired at that time.
the company performed its qualitative assessment of macroeconomic, industry and market events and circumstances, and the overall financial performance of the texas (texas segment) and east retail (east segment) reporting units. the company determined it was more-likely-than not that the fair value of the goodwill attributed to these reporting units were more than their carrying amount and accordingly, no impairment existed for the year ended december 31, 2020.
the company performed a quantitative assessment for the midwest generation (east segment) reporting unit. the company determined the fair value of the reporting unit using an income approach. under the income approach, the company estimated the fair value of the reporting unit's cash flow exceeded its carrying value and, as such, the company concluded that goodwill associated with the reporting unit was not impaired as of december 31, 2020.
the company believes the methodology and assumptions used in its quantitative assessments were consistent with the views of market participants. significant inputs to the determinations of fair value were as follows:
•the company applied a discounted cash flow methodology to the long-term budgets for the midwest generation plants, resulting in fair value over the carrying value of the reporting unit of 115%. the significant assumptions used to derive the long-term budgets used in the income approach are affected by the following key inputs:
◦the company's views of power, capacity and fuel prices consider market prices for the next five years and the company's fundamental view for the longer term, driven by the company's long-term view of the price of natural gas. the company's fundamental view for the longer term reflects the implied prices and heat rate that would support new build of a combined cycle gas plant. the price of natural gas plays an important role in setting the price of electricity in many of the regions where nrg operates power plants. hedging is included to the extent of contracts already in place;
◦the company's estimate of generation, fuel costs, capital expenditure requirements and the existing and anticipated impact of environmental regulations;
◦the company's fundamental view for the longer term, cash flows for the plants in the region were included in the fair value calculation through the end of each plants' estimated useful life; and
◦projected generation and resulting energy gross margin in the long-term budgets is based on an hourly dispatch that simulates dispatch of each unit into the power market. the dispatch simulation is based on power prices, fuel prices, and the physical and economic characteristics of each plant fair value determinations require considerable judgment and are sensitive to changes in underlying assumptions and factors. as a result, there can be no assurance that the estimates and assumptions made for purposes of the annual goodwill impairment test will prove to be accurate predictions of the future.
contingencies nrg records reserves for estimated losses from contingencies when information available indicates that a loss is probable and the amount of the loss, or range of loss, can be reasonably estimated. gain contingencies are not recorded until management determines it is certain that the future event will become or does become a reality. such determinations are subject to interpretations of current facts and circumstances, forecasts of future events, and estimates of the financial impacts of such events. nrg describes in detail its contingencies in item 15 - note 24, commitments and contingencies, to the consolidated financial statements.
recent accounting developments see item 15 - note 2, summary of significant accounting policies, to the consolidated financial statements for a discussion of recent accounting developments.
