item 1a - risk factors in the normal course of our business activities, we are exposed to a variety of risks. the following discussion sets forth the risk factors that we have identified as being most significant to northern trust. although we discuss these risk factors primarily in the context of their potential effects on our business, financial condition or results of operations, you should understand that these effects can have further negative implications such as: reducing the price of our common stock and other securities; reducing our capital, which can have regulatory and other consequences; affecting the confidence that clients, counterparties and/or applicable regulators have in us, with a resulting negative effect on our ability to conduct and grow our businesses; and reducing the attractiveness of our securities to rating agencies and potential purchasers, which may affect adversely our ability to raise capital and secure other funding or the cost at which we are able to do so. further, additional risks beyond those discussed below, elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k or in other of our reports filed with, or furnished to, the sec also could affect us adversely. we cannot assure you that the risk factors herein or elsewhere in our other reports address all potential risks that we may face.
these risk factors also serve to describe factors which may cause our results to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements included herein or in other documents or statements that make reference to this annual report on form 10-k. forward-looking statements and other factors that may affect future results are discussed under "forward-looking statements" included in item 7, "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations."
covid-19 pandemic-related risks our business, results of operations, and financial condition generally have been, and will continue to be, adversely affected by the ongoing covid-19 pandemic.
the ongoing covid-19 pandemic, and governmental and societal responses thereto, have had a severe impact on global economic and market conditions, including heightened volatility in financial markets; global supply chain disruptions; and the institution of social distancing and shelter-in-place requirements that have resulted in temporary closures of many businesses, lost revenues, and increased unemployment.
these conditions have impacted-and/or may in the future impact-our business, results of operations, and financial condition negatively, including through lower net interest income resulting from lower interest rates; increased provisions for credit losses; lower revenue from certain of our fee-based businesses; impairments on the securities we hold; and decreased demand for certain of our products and services. additionally, our liquidity and regulatory capital could be adversely impacted by volatility and disruptions in the capital and credit markets; volatility in foreign exchange rates; deposit flows; and client draws on lines of credit. our business operations may also be disrupted if significant portions of our workforce are unable to work effectively, including because of illness, quarantines, government actions, or other restrictions in connection with the pandemic. further, work-from-home and other modified business practices may introduce additional operational risks, including resiliency, cybersecurity, and execution risks, which may result in inefficiencies or delays, and may affect our ability to, or the manner in which we, conduct our business activities.
while governmental authorities have taken unprecedented measures to provide economic assistance to individual households and businesses, stabilize the markets, and support economic growth, the ultimate success of these measures is unknown and they may not be sufficient to mitigate fully the negative impact of the ongoing pandemic. further, some measures may have a negative impact on our business, while our participation in other measures could result in reputational harm, litigation, or regulatory and government actions, proceedings, or penalties.
the extent to which the covid-19 pandemic continues to impact our business, results of operations and financial condition will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and are difficult to predict, including, but not limited to, the duration and spread of the outbreak, its severity, the actions to contain the virus or treat its impact, the distribution, acceptance and efficacy of a vaccine, and how quickly and to what extent normal economic and operating conditions can resume. the ongoing pandemic may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this section entitled "risk factors" and any subsequent filings with the sec.
market risks we are dependent on fee-based business for a majority of our revenues, which may be affected adversely by market volatility, a downturn in economic conditions, underperformance and/or negative trends in investment preferences.
our principal operational focus is on fee-based business, which is distinct from commercial banking institutions that earn most of their revenues from loans and other traditional interest-generating products and services. fees for many of our products and services are based on the market value of assets under management, custody or administration; the volume of transactions processed; securities lending volume and spreads; and fees for other services rendered, all of which may be impacted negatively by market volatility, a downturn in economic conditions, underperformance and/or negative trends in investment preferences. for example, downturns in equity markets and decreases in the value of debt-related investments
2020 annual report | northern trust corporation resulting from market disruption, illiquidity or other factors historically have reduced the valuations of the assets we manage or service for others, which generally impacted our earnings negatively. market volatility and/or weak economic conditions also may affect wealth creation, investment preferences, trading activities, and savings patterns, which impact demand for certain products and services that we provide.
our earnings also may be affected by poor investment returns or changes in investment preferences driven by factors beyond market volatility or weak economic conditions. for example, poor absolute or relative investment performance in funds or client accounts that we manage or in investment products that we design or provide could result in declines in the market values of portfolios that we manage and/or administer and may affect our ability to retain existing assets and to attract new clients or additional assets from existing clients. further, broader changes in investment preferences that lead to less investment in mutual funds or other collective funds, such as the shift in investor preference to lower fee products, could impact our earnings negatively.
changes in interest rates can affect our earnings negatively.
the direction and level of interest rates are important factors in our earnings. in response to the covid-19 pandemic, the federal reserve board further reduced interest rates, which generally had already been low relative to historical levels. this has had, and may continue to have, a negative impact on our net interest margin, which is the difference between what we earn on our assets and the interest rates we pay for deposits and other sources of funding. low-interest-rate environments also have a negative impact on our fees earned on certain of our products. for example, we have waived certain fees associated with money market mutual funds due to the low level of short-term interest rates. low net interest margins and fee waivers each negatively impact our earnings.
conversely, in some circumstances, a rise in interest rates also may affect us negatively. for example, we may be impacted negatively if such an increase were to cause: market volatility and downturns in equity markets, resulting in a decrease in the valuations of the assets we manage or service for others, which generally impact our earnings negatively; our clients to transfer funds into investments with higher rates of return, resulting in decreased deposit levels and higher fund or account redemptions; our borrowers to experience difficulties in making higher interest payments, resulting in increased credit costs, provisions for loan and lease losses and charge-offs; reduced bond and fixed income fund liquidity, resulting in lower performance, yields and fees; a decline in the value of securities held in our portfolio of investment securities, resulting in decreased levels of capital and liquidity; or higher funding costs.
further, although we have policies and procedures in place to assess and mitigate potential impacts of interest rate risks, if our assumptions about any number of variables are incorrect, these policies and procedures to mitigate risk may be ineffective, which could impact earnings negatively.
please see "market risk" in the "risk management" section included in item 7, "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations," for a more detailed discussion of interest rate and market risks we face.
changes in the monetary, trade and other policies of various regulatory authorities, central banks, governments and international agencies may reduce our earnings and affect our growth prospects negatively.
the monetary, trade and other policies of u.s. and international governments, agencies and regulatory bodies have a significant impact on economic conditions and overall financial market performance. for example, the federal reserve board regulates the supply of money and credit in the united states, and its policies determine in large part the level of interest rates and our cost of funds for lending and investing, which are important factors in our earnings. the actions of the federal reserve board or other regulatory authorities also may reduce the value of financial instruments we hold. further, their policies can affect our borrowers by increasing interest rates or making sources of funding less available, which may increase the risk that borrowers fail to repay their loans from us. changes in monetary, trade and other governmental policies are beyond our control and can be difficult to predict, and we cannot determine the ultimate effect that any such changes would have upon our business, financial condition or results of operations.
the ultimate impact on us of the united kingdom's withdrawal from the european union remains uncertain.
the uk ceased to be a member state of the eu on january 31, 2020, and the transition period provided for in the withdrawal agreement entered by the uk and the eu ended on december 31, 2020. in december 2020, the uk and the eu agreed on a trade and cooperation agreement that will apply provisionally after the end of the transition period until it is ratified by the parties to the agreement. on december 30, 2020, the uk passed legislation giving effect to the trade and cooperation agreement, with the eu expected to formally adopt the agreement in early 2021. while the trade and cooperation agreement covers the general objectives and framework of the relationship between the uk and the eu, it generally does not address the regulation of financial services. instead, the parties adopted a declaration of their intention to agree by march 2021 upon a memorandum of understanding establishing a framework for regulatory cooperation on financial services.
2020 annual report | northern trust corporation consequently, the ultimate impact of brexit on the corporation and the bank remains uncertain and will depend on the terms of the post-brexit relationships that remain to be negotiated between the uk and other eu nations, particularly in the area of financial services. brexit has contributed, and may continue to contribute, to market volatility, particularly the valuation of the euro and british pound, and could have significant adverse effects on our businesses, financial condition and results of operations. in conjunction with our brexit-related preparations, we have implemented certain changes to our organizational structure, including the establishment of an eu-domiciled credit institution in luxembourg. we have incurred, and may in the future continue to incur, additional costs associated with such measures while unforeseen political, regulatory, or other developments related to brexit, or operational issues associated with the organizational restructuring related thereto, also may result in additional costs and disruption to our uk and eu businesses.
uncertainty about the financial stability of various regions or countries across the globe, including the risk of defaults on sovereign debt and related stresses on financial markets, could have a significant adverse effect on our earnings.
risks and concerns about the financial stability of various regions or countries across the globe could have a detrimental impact on economic and market conditions in these or other markets across the world. foreign market and economic disruptions have affected, and may in the future affect, consumer confidence levels and spending, personal bankruptcy rates, levels of incurrence of and default on consumer debt, and home prices. economic challenges faced in various foreign markets, including negative interest rates in some jurisdictions, or lack of confidence in the financial markets may adversely affect certain portions of our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
declines in the value of securities held in our investment portfolio can affect us negatively.
our investment securities portfolio represents a greater proportion, and our loan and lease portfolios represent a smaller proportion, of our total consolidated assets in comparison to many other financial institutions. the value of securities available for sale and held to maturity within our investment portfolio, which is generally determined based upon market values available from third-party sources, may fluctuate as a result of market volatility and economic or financial market conditions. declines in the value of securities held in our investment portfolio negatively impact our levels of capital and liquidity. although we have policies and procedures in place to assess and mitigate potential impacts of market risks, including hedging-related strategies, those policies and procedures are inherently limited because they cannot anticipate the existence or future development of currently unanticipated or unknown risks. accordingly, we could suffer adverse effects as a result of our failure to anticipate and manage these risks properly.
volatility levels and fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates may affect our earnings.
we provide foreign exchange services to our clients, primarily in connection with our global custody business. foreign currency volatility influences our foreign exchange trading income as does the level of client activity. foreign currency volatility and changes in client activity may result in reduced foreign exchange trading income. fluctuations in exchange rates may raise the potential for losses resulting from foreign currency trading positions, where aggregate obligations to purchase and sell a currency other than the u.s. dollar do not offset each other or offset each other in different time periods. we also are exposed to non-trading foreign currency risk as a result of our holdings of non-u.s. dollar denominated assets and liabilities, investments in non-u.s. subsidiaries, and future non-u.s. dollar denominated revenue and expense.
we have policies and procedures in place to assess and mitigate potential impacts of foreign exchange risks, including hedging-related strategies. any failure or circumvention of our procedures to mitigate risk may impact earnings negatively. please see "market risk" in the "risk management" section included in item 7, "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations," for a more detailed discussion of market risks we face.
changes in a number of particular market conditions can affect our earnings negatively.
in past periods, reductions in the volatility of currency-trading markets, the level of cross-border investing activity, and the demand for borrowing securities or willingness to lend such securities have affected our earnings from activities such as foreign exchange trading and securities lending negatively. if these conditions occur in the future, our earnings from these activities may be affected negatively. in a few of our businesses, such as securities lending, our fee is calculated as a percentage of our clients' earnings, such that market and other factors that reduce our clients' earnings from investments or trading activities also reduce our revenues.
2020 annual report | northern trust corporation operational risks many types of operational risks can affect our earnings negatively.
we regularly assess and monitor operational risk in our businesses. despite our efforts to assess and monitor operational risk, our risk management program may not be effective in all cases. factors that can impact operations and expose us to risks varying in size, scale and scope include:
•failures of technological systems or breaches of security measures, including, but not limited to, those resulting from computer viruses or cyber-attacks;
•human errors or omissions, including failures to comply with applicable laws or corporate policies and procedures;
•theft, fraud or misappropriation of assets, whether arising from the intentional actions of internal personnel or external third parties;
•defects or interruptions in computer or communications systems;
•breakdowns in processes, over-reliance on manual processes, which are inherently more prone to error than automated processes, breakdowns in internal controls or failures of the systems and facilities that support our operations;
•unsuccessful or difficult implementation of computer systems upgrades;
•defects in product design or delivery;
•difficulty in accurately pricing assets, which can be aggravated by market volatility and illiquidity and lack of reliable pricing from third-party vendors;
•negative developments in relationships with key counterparties, third-party vendors, employees or associates in our day-to-day operations; and
•external events that are wholly or partially beyond our control, such as pandemics, geopolitical events, political unrest, natural disasters or acts of terrorism.
while we have in place many controls and business continuity plans designed to address many of these factors, these plans may not operate successfully to mitigate these risks effectively. we also may fail to identify or fully understand the implications and risks associated with changes in the financial markets or our businesses-particularly as our geographic footprint, product pipeline and client types evolve-and consequently fail to enhance our controls and business continuity plans to address those changes in an adequate or timely fashion. if our controls and business continuity plans do not address the factors noted above and operate to mitigate the associated risks successfully, such factors may have a negative impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations. in addition, an important aspect of managing our operational risk is creating a risk culture in which all employees fully understand that there is risk in every aspect of our business and the importance of managing risk as it relates to their job functions. we continue to enhance our risk management program to support our risk culture, ensuring that it is sustainable and appropriate for our role as a major financial institution. nonetheless, if we fail to provide the appropriate environment that sensitizes all of our employees to managing risk, our business could be impacted adversely.
failures of our technological systems or breaches of our security measures, including, but not limited to, those resulting from cyber-attacks, may result in losses.
any failure, interruption or breach in the security of our systems could severely disrupt our operations. our systems involve the use of clients' and our proprietary and confidential information, and security breaches, including cyber-attacks, could expose us to a risk of theft, loss or other misappropriation of this information. our security measures may be breached due to the actions of outside parties, employee error, failure of our controls with respect to granting access to our systems, malfeasance or otherwise, and, as a result, an unauthorized party may obtain access to our or our clients' proprietary and confidential information, resulting in the theft, loss, destruction, gathering, monitoring, or other misappropriation of this information. regulators globally are also introducing the potential for greater monetary fines on institutions that suffer from breaches leading to the misappropriation of such information. most states, the eu and other non-u.s. jurisdictions also have adopted their own statutes and/or regulations concerning data privacy and security and requiring notification of data breaches. these and other changes in laws or regulations associated with the enhanced protection of personal and other types of information could greatly increase the size of potential fines related to the protection of such information.
information security risks for large financial institutions like us are significant in part because of the evolving proliferation of new technologies, the use of the internet, mobile devices, and cloud technologies to conduct financial transactions and the increased sophistication and activities of hackers, terrorists, organized crime and other external parties, including foreign state actors. if we fail to continue to upgrade our technology infrastructure to ensure effective information security relative to the type, size and complexity of our operations, we could become more vulnerable to cyber-attack and, consequently, subject to significant regulatory penalties. additionally, our computer, communications, data processing, networks, backup, business continuity or other operating, information or technology systems, including those that we outsource to other providers, may fail to operate properly or become disabled, overloaded or damaged as a result of a
2020 annual report | northern trust corporation number of factors, including events that are wholly or partially beyond our control, which could have a negative effect on our ability to conduct our business activities.
the third parties with which we do business also are susceptible to the foregoing risks (including regarding the third parties with which they are similarly interconnected or on which they otherwise rely), and our or their business operations and activities may therefore be affected adversely, perhaps materially, by failures, terminations, errors or malfeasance by, or attacks or constraints on, one or more financial, technology, infrastructure or government institutions or intermediaries with whom we or they are interconnected or conduct business. in addition, our clients often use their own devices, such as computers, smart phones and tablets, to manage their accounts, which may heighten the risk of system failures, interruptions or security breaches.
in recent years, several financial services firms suffered successful cyber-attacks launched both domestically and from abroad, resulting in the disruption of services to clients, loss or misappropriation of sensitive or private information, and reputational harm. we and our clients have been, and expect to continue to be, subject to a wide variety of cyber-attacks and threats, including computer viruses, ransomware and other malicious code, distributed denial of service attacks, and phishing attacks, and it is possible that we could suffer material losses resulting from a breach. because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service or sabotage systems change frequently and often are not recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques, to implement adequate preventative measures, or to address them until they are discovered. in addition, successful cyber-attacks may persist for an extended period of time before being detected. because any investigation of an information security incident would be inherently unpredictable, the extent of a particular information security incident and the path of investigating the incident may not be immediately clear. it may take a significant amount of time before such an investigation can be completed and full and reliable information about the incident is known. while such an investigation is ongoing, we may not necessarily know the extent of the harm or how best to remediate it, certain errors or actions could be repeated or compounded before they are discovered and remediated, and communication to the public, regulators, clients and other stakeholders may be inaccurate, any or all of which could further increase the costs and consequences of an information security incident.
we could be the subject of legal claims or proceedings related to security incidents, including regulatory investigations and actions. further, the market perception of the effectiveness of our security measures could be harmed, our reputation could suffer and we could lose clients in conjunction with security incidents, each of which could have a negative effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. a breach of our security also may affect adversely our ability to effect transactions, service our clients, manage our exposure to risk or expand our business. an event that results in the loss of information also may require us to reconstruct lost data or reimburse clients for data and credit monitoring services, which could be costly and have a negative impact on our business and reputation.
further, even if not directed at us, attacks on financial or other institutions important to the overall functioning of the financial system or on our counterparties could affect, directly or indirectly, aspects of our business.
errors, breakdowns in controls or other mistakes in the provision of services to clients or in carrying out transactions for our own account can subject us to liability, result in losses or have a negative effect on our earnings in other ways.
in our asset servicing, investment management, fiduciary administration and other business activities, we effect or process transactions for clients and for ourselves that involve very large amounts of money. failure to manage or mitigate operational risks properly can have adverse consequences, and increased volatility in the financial markets may increase the magnitude of resulting losses. for example, in the third quarter of 2020 we incurred a $43.4 million charge related to a corporate action processing error. given the high volume of transactions we process, errors that affect earnings may be repeated or compounded before they are discovered and corrected.
our dependence on technology, and the need to update frequently our technology infrastructure, exposes us to risks that also can result in losses.
our businesses depend on information technology infrastructure, both internal and external, to record and process, among other things, a large volume of increasingly complex transactions and other data, in many currencies, on a daily basis, across numerous and diverse markets and jurisdictions. due to our dependence on technology and the important role it plays in our business operations, we must constantly improve and update our information technology infrastructure. upgrading, replacing, and modernizing these systems can require significant resources and often involves implementation, integration and security risks that could cause financial, reputational and operational harm. failure to ensure adequate review and consideration of critical business and regulatory issues prior to and during the introduction and deployment of key technological systems or failure to align operational capabilities adequately with evolving client commitments and expectations may have a negative impact on our results of operations. the failure to respond properly to, and invest in, changes and advancements in technology could limit our ability to attract and retain clients, prevent us from offering products and services comparable to those offered by our competitors, inhibit our ability to meet regulatory requirements or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our operations.
2020 annual report | northern trust corporation the systems and models we employ to analyze, monitor and mitigate risks, as well as for other business purposes, are inherently limited, may not be effective in all cases and, in any case, cannot eliminate all risks that we face.
we use various systems and models in analyzing and monitoring several risk categories, as well as for other business purposes. however, these systems and models are inherently limited because they involve techniques and judgments that cannot anticipate every economic and financial outcome in the markets in which we operate, nor can they anticipate the specifics and timing of such outcomes. further, these systems and models may fail to quantify accurately the magnitude of the risks we face. our measurement methodologies rely on many assumptions and historical analyses and correlations. these assumptions may be incorrect, and the historical correlations on which we rely may not continue to be relevant. consequently, the measurements that we make may not adequately capture or express the true risk profiles of our businesses or provide accurate data for other business purposes, each of which ultimately could have a negative impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. errors in the underlying model or model assumptions, or inadequate model assumptions, could result in unanticipated and adverse consequences, including material loss or noncompliance with regulatory requirements or expectations.
a failure or circumvention of our controls and procedures could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we regularly review and update our internal controls, disclosure controls and procedures, and corporate governance policies and procedures. any system of controls, however well designed and operated, is based in part on certain assumptions and can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurances that the objectives of the system will be met. any failure or circumvention of our controls and procedures or failure to comply with regulations related to controls and procedures could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. if we identify material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting or are otherwise required to restate our financial statements, we could be required to implement expensive and time-consuming remedial measures and could lose investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports. in addition, there are risks that individuals, either employees or contractors, consciously circumvent established control mechanisms by, for example, exceeding trading or investment management limitations, or committing fraud.
failure of any of our third-party vendors to perform can result in losses.
third-party vendors provide key components of our business operations such as data processing, recording and monitoring transactions, online banking interfaces and services, and network access. our use of third-party vendors exposes us to the risk that such vendors may not comply with their servicing and other contractual obligations to us, including with respect to indemnification and information security, and to the risk that we may not satisfy applicable regulatory responsibilities regarding the management and oversight of third parties and outsourcing providers. while we have established risk management processes and continuity plans, any disruptions in service from a key vendor for any reason or poor performance of services could have a negative effect on our ability to deliver products and services to our clients and conduct our business. replacing these third-party vendors or performing the tasks they perform for ourselves could create significant delay and expense.
we are subject to certain risks inherent in operating globally which may affect our business adversely.
in conducting our u.s. and non-u.s. business, we are subject to risks of loss from various unfavorable political, economic, legal or other developments, including social or political instability, changes in governmental policies or policies of central banks, expropriation, nationalization, confiscation of assets, price controls, capital controls, exchange controls, unfavorable tax rates and tax court rulings and changes in laws and regulations. less mature and often less regulated business and investment environments heighten these risks in various emerging markets. our non-u.s. operations accounted for 28% of our revenue in 2020. our non-u.s. businesses are subject to extensive regulation by various non-u.s. regulators, including governments, securities exchanges, central banks and other regulatory bodies in the jurisdictions in which those businesses operate. in many countries, the laws and regulations applicable to the financial services industry are uncertain and evolving and may be applied with extra scrutiny to foreign companies. moreover, the regulatory and supervisory standards and expectations in one jurisdiction may not conform with standards or expectations in other jurisdictions. even within a particular jurisdiction, the standards and expectations of multiple supervisory agencies exercising authority over our affairs may not be harmonized fully. accordingly, it may be difficult for us to determine the exact requirements of local laws in every market or manage our relationships with multiple regulators in various jurisdictions. our inability to remain in compliance with local laws in a particular market and manage our relationships with regulators could have an adverse effect not only on our businesses in that market but also on our reputation generally. the failure to mitigate properly such risks or the failure of our operating infrastructure to support such international activities could result in operational failures and regulatory fines or sanctions, which could affect our business and results of operations adversely.
2020 annual report | northern trust corporation we actively strive to optimize our geographic footprint. this optimization may occur by establishing operations in lower-cost locations or by outsourcing to third-party vendors in various jurisdictions. these efforts expose us to the risk that we may not maintain service quality, control or effective management within these operations. in addition, we are exposed to the relevant macroeconomic, political and similar risks generally involved in doing business in those jurisdictions. the increased elements of risk that arise from conducting certain operating processes in some jurisdictions could lead to an increase in reputational risk. during periods of transition, greater operational risk and client concern exist with respect to maintaining a high level of service delivery.
in addition, we are subject in our global operations to rules and regulations relating to corrupt and illegal payments, money laundering, and laws relating to doing business with certain individuals, groups and countries, such as the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act, the usa patriot act, the uk bribery act, and economic sanctions and embargo programs administered by the u.s. office of foreign assets control and similar agencies worldwide. while we have invested and continue to invest significant resources in training and in compliance monitoring, the geographic diversity of our operations, employees, clients and customers, as well as the vendors and other third parties with whom we deal, presents the risk that we may be found in violation of such rules, regulations, laws or programs and any such violation could subject us to significant penalties or affect our reputation adversely.
failure to control our costs and expenses adequately could affect our earnings negatively.
our success in controlling the costs and expenses of our business operations also impacts operating results. through various parts of our business strategy, we aim to produce efficiencies in operations that help reduce and control costs and expenses, including the costs of losses associated with operating risks attributable to servicing and managing financial assets. failure to control these and other costs could affect our earnings negatively and reduce our competitive position.
pandemics, natural disasters, global climate change, acts of terrorism and global conflicts may have a negative impact on our business and operations.
pandemics, natural disasters, global climate change, acts of terrorism, global conflicts or other similar events have in the past, and may in the future have, a negative impact on our business and operations. while we have in place business continuity plans, such events may still damage our facilities, disrupt or delay the normal operations of our business (including communications and technology), result in harm to or cause travel limitations on our employees, and have a similar impact on our clients, suppliers, third-party vendors and counterparties. these events also could impact us negatively to the extent that they result in reduced capital markets activity, lower asset price levels, or disruptions in general economic activity in the united states or abroad, or in financial market settlement functions. in addition, these or similar events may impact economic growth negatively, which could have an adverse effect on our business and operations, and may have other adverse effects on us in ways that we are unable to predict. please see "covid-19 pandemic-related risks" in this "risk factors" section for a description of risks associated with the ongoing covid-19 pandemic.
credit risks failure to evaluate accurately the prospects for repayment when we extend credit or maintain an adequate allowance for credit losses can result in losses or the need to make additional provisions for credit losses, both of which reduce our earnings.
we evaluate extensions of credit before we make them and then provide for credit risks based on our assessment of the credit losses inherent in our loan portfolio, including undrawn credit commitments. this process requires us to make difficult and complex judgments. challenges associated with our credit risk assessments include identifying the proper factors to be used in assessments and accurately estimating the impacts of those factors. allowances that prove to be inadequate may require us to realize increased provisions for credit losses or write down the value of certain assets on our balance sheet, which in turn would affect earnings negatively.
market volatility and/or weak economic conditions can result in losses or the need for additional provisions for credit losses, both of which reduce our earnings.
credit risk levels and our earnings also can be affected by market volatility and/or weakness in the economy in general and in the particular locales in which we extend credit, a deterioration in credit quality or a reduced demand for credit. adverse changes in the financial performance or condition of our borrowers resulting from market volatility and/or weakened economic conditions could impact the borrowers' abilities to repay outstanding loans, which could in turn impact our financial condition and results of operations negatively.
2020 annual report | northern trust corporation the failure or perceived weakness of any of our significant counterparties could expose us to loss.
the financial markets are characterized by extensive interconnections among financial institutions, including banks, broker/dealers, collective investment funds and insurance companies. as a result of these interconnections, we and many of our clients have counterparty exposure to other financial institutions. this counterparty exposure presents risks to us and to our clients because the failure or perceived weakness of any of our counterparties has the potential to expose us to risk of loss. instability in the financial markets has resulted historically in some financial institutions becoming less creditworthy. during such periods of instability, we are exposed to increased counterparty risks, both as principal and in our capacity as agent for our clients. changes in market perception of the financial strength of particular financial institutions can occur rapidly, are often based upon a variety of factors and can be difficult to predict. in addition, the criteria for and manner of governmental support of financial institutions and other economically important sectors remain uncertain. further, the consolidation of financial services firms and the failures of other financial institutions has in the past increased, and may in the future increase, the concentration of our counterparty risk. these risks are heightened by the fact that our operating model relies on the use of unaffiliated sub-custodians to a greater degree than certain of our competitors that have banking operations in more jurisdictions than we do. we are not able to mitigate all of our and our clients' counterparty credit risk. if a significant individual counterparty defaults on an obligation to us, we could incur financial losses that have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
changes in the method pursuant to which libor or other interest rate benchmarks are determined could adversely impact our business and results of operations.
many financial markets currently rely on interbank offered rates (each, an "ibor") as mutually agreed upon reference rates serving as the basis for the pricing and valuation of assets, trading positions, loans and other financial transactions. global regulators have signaled interest in replacing existing ibor rates with alternative reference rates. while there are multiple ibors, libor is the most widely used interest rate benchmark in the world and serves as the reference rate for our floating-rate funding, certain of the products that we own or offer, various lending and securities transactions in which we are involved, and many derivatives that we use to manage our or our clients' risk. on november 30, 2020, ice benchmark administration ("iba"), the administrator of u.s. dollar libor ("usd libor") and other ibors, announced that, following required consultations, (i) it intends to cease publication of 1-week and 2-month usd libor at the end of 2021 and (ii) subject to compliance with applicable regulations, including as to representativeness, it does not intend to cease publication of the remaining usd libor tenors until june 30, 2023. globally, financial market participants have begun to transition away from libor and other ibors to alternative reference rates, and following the iba's announcement, u.s. regulators, including the federal reserve board, issued statements encouraging banks to stop entering into new usd libor contracts "as soon as practicable," and by no later than december 31, 2021. any change in the availability or calculation of libor or other interest rate benchmarks may affect adversely the cost or availability of floating-rate funding; the yield on loans or securities held by us; the amounts received and paid on derivative instruments we have entered into; the value of loans, securities, or derivative instruments held by us or our clients, which, in the case of assets held by our clients, could also negatively impact the amount of fees we earn in relation to such assets; the trading market for securities based on libor or other benchmarks; the terms of new loans being made using different or modified reference rates; or our ability to use derivative instruments to manage risk effectively. while we are working to facilitate an orderly transition from libor to alternative interest rate benchmarks for us and our clients, there continues to be uncertainty regarding the effect that these developments, any discontinuance, modification or other reforms to libor or any other interest rate benchmarks, or the establishment of alternative reference rates may have on libor or other interest rate benchmarks. further, the potential transition away from the use of libor or other interest rate benchmarks, or uncertainty related to any such potential transition, may cause us to recognize additional costs, experience operational disruptions or result in client disputes or litigation, which may negatively impact our business, financial condition or results of operations.
liquidity risks if we do not manage our liquidity effectively, our business could suffer.
liquidity is essential for the operation of our business. market conditions, unforeseen outflows of funds or other events could have a negative effect on our level or cost of funding, affecting our ongoing ability to accommodate liability maturities and deposit withdrawals, meet contractual obligations, and fund new business transactions at a reasonable cost and in a timely manner. if our access to stable and low-cost sources of funding, such as customer deposits, is reduced, we may need to use alternative funding, which could be more expensive or of limited availability. further evolution in the regulatory requirements relating to liquidity and risk management also may impact us negatively. additional regulations may impose more stringent liquidity requirements for large financial institutions, including the corporation and the bank. given the overlap and complex interactions of these regulations with other regulatory changes, the full impact of the adopted and proposed regulations remains uncertain until their full implementation. for more information on these
2020 annual report | northern trust corporation regulations and other regulatory changes, see "supervision and regulation-liquidity standards" in item 1, "business." any substantial, unexpected or prolonged changes in the level or cost of liquidity could affect our business adversely.
if the bank is unable to supply the corporation with funds over time, the corporation could be unable to meet its various obligations.
the corporation is a legal entity separate and distinct from the bank and the corporation's other subsidiaries. the corporation relies on dividends paid to it by the bank to meet its obligations and to pay dividends to stockholders of the corporation. there are various legal limitations on the extent to which the bank and the corporation's other subsidiaries can supply funds to the corporation by dividend or otherwise. dividend payments by the bank to the corporation in the future will require continued generation of earnings by the bank and could require regulatory approval under certain circumstances. for more information on dividend restrictions, see "supervision and regulation-payment of dividends" in item 1, "business."
we may need to raise additional capital in the future, which may not be available to us or may only be available on unfavorable terms.
we may need to raise additional capital to provide sufficient resources to meet our business needs and commitments, to accommodate the transaction and cash management needs of our clients, to maintain our credit ratings in response to regulatory changes, including capital rules, or for other purposes. however, our ability to access the capital markets, if needed, will depend on a number of factors, including the state of the financial markets. rising interest rates, disruptions in financial markets, negative perceptions of our business or our financial strength, or other factors may impact our ability to raise additional capital, if needed, on terms acceptable to us. any diminished ability to raise additional capital, if needed, could subject us to liability, restrict our ability to grow, require us to take actions that would affect our earnings negatively or otherwise affect our business and our ability to implement our business plan, capital plan and strategic goals adversely.
any downgrades in our credit ratings, or an actual or perceived reduction in our financial strength, could affect our borrowing costs, capital costs and liquidity adversely.
rating agencies publish credit ratings and outlooks on our creditworthiness and that of our obligations or securities, including long-term debt, short-term borrowings, preferred stock and other securities. our credit ratings are subject to ongoing review by the rating agencies and thus may change from time to time based on a number of factors, including our own financial strength, performance, prospects and operations as well as factors not under our control, such as rating-agency-specific criteria or frameworks for our industry or certain security types, which are subject to revision from time to time, and conditions affecting the financial services industry generally.
downgrades in our credit ratings may affect our borrowing costs, our capital costs and our ability to raise capital and, in turn, our liquidity adversely. a failure to maintain an acceptable credit rating also may preclude us from being competitive in certain products. additionally, our counterparties, as well as our clients, rely on our financial strength and stability and evaluate the risks of doing business with us. if we experience diminished financial strength or stability, actual or perceived, a decline in our stock price or a reduced credit rating, our counterparties may be less willing to enter into transactions, secured or unsecured, with us, our clients may reduce or place limits on the level of services we provide them or seek other service providers, or our prospective clients may select other service providers, all of which may have other adverse effects on our business.
the risk that we may be perceived as less creditworthy relative to other market participants is higher in a market environment in which the consolidation, and in some instances failure, of financial institutions, including major global financial institutions, could result in a smaller number of larger counterparties and competitors. if our counterparties perceive us to be a less viable counterparty, our ability to enter into financial transactions on terms acceptable to us or our clients, on our or our clients' behalf, will be compromised materially. if our clients reduce their deposits with us or select other service providers for all or a portion of the services we provide to them, our revenues will decrease accordingly.
our success with large, complex clients requires substantial liquidity.
a significant portion of our business involves providing certain services to large, complex clients, which, by their nature, require substantial liquidity. our failure to manage successfully the liquidity and balance sheet issues attendant to this portion of our business may have a negative impact on our ability to meet client needs and grow.
2020 annual report | northern trust corporation regulatory and legal risks failure to comply with regulations can result in penalties and regulatory constraints that restrict our ability to grow or even conduct our business, or that reduce earnings.
virtually every aspect of our business around the world is regulated, generally by governmental agencies that have broad supervisory powers and the ability to impose sanctions. these regulations cover a variety of matters, including required capital levels, prohibited activities, and privacy and data protection. some of these requirements are directed specifically at protecting depositors of the bank, the federal deposit insurance fund and the banking system as a whole, not our stockholders or other security holders. regulatory violations or the failure to meet formal or informal commitments made to regulators could generate penalties, require corrective actions that increase costs of conducting business, result in limitations on our ability to conduct business, restrict our ability to expand or impact our reputation adversely. failure to obtain necessary approvals from regulatory agencies on a timely basis could affect proposed business opportunities and results of operations adversely. similarly, changes in laws or failure to comply with new requirements or with future changes in laws or regulations may impact our results of operations and financial condition negatively.
changes by the u.s. and other governments to laws, regulations and policies applicable to the financial services industry may heighten the challenges we face and make regulatory compliance more difficult and costly.
various regulatory bodies have demonstrated heightened enforcement scrutiny of financial institutions through many regulatory initiatives. these initiatives have increased compliance costs and regulatory risks and may lead to financial and reputational damage in the event of a compliance violation. while we have programs in place, including policies, training and various forms of monitoring, designed to ensure compliance with legislative and regulatory requirements, these programs and policies may not always protect us from conduct by individual employees. governments may take further actions to change significantly the way financial institutions are regulated, either through new legislation, new regulations, new applications of existing regulations or a combination of all of these methods. we cannot currently predict the impact, if any, of these changes to our business. additionally, governments and regulators may take actions that increase intervention in the normal operation of our businesses and the businesses of our competitors in the financial services industry, and likely would involve additional legislative and regulatory requirements imposed on banks and other financial services companies. any such actions could increase compliance costs and regulatory risks, lead to financial and reputational damage in the event of a violation, affect our ability to compete successfully, and also may impact the nature and level of competition in the industry in unpredictable ways. the full scope and impact of possible legislative or regulatory changes and the extent of regulatory activity is uncertain and difficult to predict.
for example, we are unable to predict what, if any, changes to the laws and regulations applicable to the financial services industry may be enacted by the new u.s. congress in conjunction with the new u.s. presidential administration under unified party control, and what the impact of any such changes will be upon our business, financial condition, and results of operations. moreover, the turnover of the u.s. presidential administration is expected to result in certain changes in the leadership and senior staffs of the federal banking agencies which are likely to impact the rulemaking, supervision, examination and enforcement priorities and policies of such agencies, the potential impacts of which, if any, we cannot predict at this time.
we may be impacted adversely by claims or litigation, including claims or litigation relating to our fiduciary responsibilities.
our businesses involve the risk that clients or others may sue us, claiming that we have failed to perform under a contract or otherwise failed to carry out a duty perceived to be owed to them. our trust, custody and investment management businesses are particularly subject to this risk. this risk is heightened when we act as a fiduciary for our clients and may be further heightened during periods when credit, equity or other financial markets are deteriorating in value or are particularly volatile, or when clients or investors are experiencing losses. in addition, regulators, tax authorities and courts have increasingly sought to hold financial institutions liable for the misconduct of their clients where such regulators and courts have determined that the financial institution should have detected that the client was engaged in wrongdoing, even though the financial institution had no direct knowledge of the wrongdoing.
claims made or actions brought against us, whether founded or unfounded, may result in injunctions, settlements, damages, fines or penalties, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations or require changes to our business. even if we defend ourselves successfully, the cost of litigation is often substantial, and public reports regarding claims made against us may cause damage to our reputation among existing and prospective clients or negatively impact the confidence of counterparties, rating agencies and stockholders, consequently affecting our earnings negatively.
2020 annual report | northern trust corporation we may be impacted adversely by regulatory enforcement matters.
in the ordinary course of our business, we are subject to various supervisory, governmental and enforcement inquiries, examinations, investigations and subpoenas. these may be directed generally to participants in the businesses in which we are involved or may be directed specifically at us. in conjunction with both supervisory and enforcement matters, we may face limits on our ability to conduct or expand our business, be required to implement corrective actions that increase the costs of conducting business, or become subject to civil or criminal penalties or other remedial sanctions, any of which could result in reputational damage or otherwise have an adverse impact on us.
we may fail to set aside adequate reserves for, or otherwise underestimate our liability relating to, pending and threatened claims, with a negative effect on our earnings.
we estimate our potential liability for pending and threatened claims and record reserves when appropriate pursuant to generally accepted accounting principles (gaap). the process is inherently subject to risk, including the risks that a judge or jury could decide a case contrary to our evaluation of the law or the facts or that a court could change or modify existing law on a particular issue important to the case. our earnings will be adversely affected if our reserves are not adequate.
if we fail to comply with legal standards, we could incur liability to our clients or lose clients, which could affect our earnings negatively.
managing or servicing assets with reasonable prudence in accordance with the terms of governing documents and applicable laws is an important part of our business. failure to comply with the terms of governing documents and applicable laws, manage adequately the risks or manage appropriately the differing interests often involved in the exercise of fiduciary responsibilities may subject us to liability or cause client dissatisfaction, which may impact negatively our earnings and growth.
strategic risks if we do not execute strategic plans successfully, we will not grow as we have planned and our earnings growth will be impacted negatively.
our growth depends upon successful, consistent execution of our business strategies. a failure to execute these strategies will impact growth negatively. a failure to grow organically or to integrate successfully an acquisition could have an adverse effect on our business. the challenges arising from generating organic growth or the integration of an acquired business may include preserving valuable relationships with employees, clients, suppliers and other business partners, delivering enhanced products and services, as well as combining accounting, data processing and internal control systems. to the extent we enter into transactions to acquire complementary businesses and/or technologies, we may not achieve the expected benefits of such transactions, which could result in increased costs, lowered revenues, ineffective deployment of capital, regulatory concerns, exit costs or diminished competitive position or reputation. these risks may be increased if the acquired company operates internationally or in a geographic location where we do not already have significant business operations.
execution of our business strategies also may require certain regulatory approvals or consents, which may include approvals of the federal reserve board and other domestic and non-u.s. regulatory authorities. these regulatory authorities may impose conditions on the activities or transactions contemplated by our business strategies which may impact negatively our ability to realize fully the expected benefits of certain opportunities. further, acquisitions we announce may not be completed if we do not receive the required regulatory approvals, if regulatory approvals are significantly delayed or if other closing conditions are not satisfied.
if we are not able to attract, retain and motivate key personnel, our business could be negatively affected.
our success depends, in large part, on our ability to attract new employees, retain and motivate our existing employees, and continue to compensate our employees competitively. competition for the best employees in most activities in which we engage can be intense, and there can be no assurance that we will be successful in our efforts to recruit and retain key personnel. factors that affect our ability to attract and retain talented and diverse employees include our compensation and benefits programs, our profitability and our reputation for rewarding and promoting qualified employees. our ability to attract and retain key executives and other employees may be hindered as a result of existing and potential regulations applicable to incentive compensation and other aspects of our compensation programs. these regulations may not apply to some of our competitors and to other institutions with which we compete for talent. the unexpected loss of services of key personnel, both in businesses and corporate functions, could have a material adverse impact on our business because of their skills, knowledge of our markets, operations and clients, years of industry experience and, in some cases, the difficulty of promptly finding qualified replacement personnel. similarly, the loss of key employees, either individually or as a group, could affect our clients' perception of our abilities adversely.
2020 annual report | northern trust corporation we are subject to intense competition in all aspects of our businesses, which could have a negative effect on our ability to maintain satisfactory prices and grow our earnings.
we provide a broad range of financial products and services in highly competitive markets. we compete against large, well-capitalized, and geographically diverse companies that are capable of offering a wide array of financial products and services at competitive prices. in certain businesses, such as foreign exchange trading, electronic networks present a competitive challenge. additionally, technological advances and the growth of internet-based commerce have made it possible for other types of institutions to offer a variety of products and services competitive with certain areas of our business. many of these nontraditional service providers have fewer regulatory constraints and some have lower cost structures. the same may be said for competitors based in non-u.s. jurisdictions, where legal and regulatory environments may be more favorable than those applicable to the corporation and the bank as u.s.-domiciled financial institutions. these competitive pressures may have a negative effect on our earnings and ability to grow. pricing pressures, as a result of the willingness of competitors to offer comparable or improved products or services at a lower price, also may result in a reduction in the price we can charge for our products and services, which could have, and in some cases has had, a negative effect on our ability to maintain or increase our profitability.
damage to our reputation could have a direct and negative effect on our ability to compete, grow and generate revenue.
the failure to meet client expectations or fiduciary or other obligations, operational failures, litigation, regulatory actions or fines, the actual or alleged actions of our affiliates, vendors or other third parties with which we do business, the actual or alleged actions or statements of our employees or adverse publicity could materially and adversely affect our reputation as well as our ability to attract and retain clients or key employees. damage to our reputation for delivery of a high level of service could undermine the confidence of clients and prospects in our ability to serve them and accordingly affect our earnings negatively. damage to our reputation also could affect the confidence of rating agencies, regulators, stockholders and other parties in a wide range of transactions that are important to our business and the performance of our common stock. failure to maintain our reputation ultimately would have an adverse effect on our ability to manage our balance sheet or grow our business. actions by the financial services industry generally or by other members of or individuals in the financial services industry also could impact our reputation negatively. further, whereas negative public opinion once was driven primarily by adverse news coverage in traditional media, the proliferation of social media channels utilized by us and third parties, as well as the personal use of social media by our employees and others, may increase the risk of negative publicity, including through the rapid dissemination of inaccurate, misleading or false information, which could harm our reputation or have other negative consequences.
we need to invest in innovation constantly, and the inability or failure to do so may affect our businesses and earnings negatively.
our success in the competitive environment in which we operate requires consistent investment of capital and human resources in innovation, particularly in light of the current "fintech" environment, in which financial institutions are investing significantly in evaluating new technologies, such as artificial intelligence, machine learning, blockchain and other distributed ledger technologies, and developing potentially industry-changing new products, services and industry standards. our investment is directed at generating new products and services, and adapting existing products and services to the evolving standards and demands of the marketplace. among other things, investing in innovation helps us maintain a mix of products and services that keeps pace with our competitors and achieve acceptable margins. our investment also focuses on enhancing the delivery of our products and services in order to compete successfully for new clients or gain additional business from existing clients, and includes investment in technological innovation as well. effectively identifying gaps or weaknesses in our product offerings also is important to our success. falling behind our competition in any of these areas could affect our business opportunities, growth and earnings adversely. there are substantial risks and uncertainties associated with innovation efforts, including an increased risk that new and emerging technologies may expose us to increased cybersecurity and other information technology threats. we must invest significant time and resources in developing and marketing new products and services, and expected timetables for the introduction and development of new products or services may not be achieved and price and profitability targets may not be met. further, our revenues and costs may fluctuate because new products and services generally require start-up costs while corresponding revenues take time to develop or may not develop at all.
failure to understand or appreciate fully the risks associated with development or delivery of new product and service offerings will affect our businesses and earnings negatively.
the success of our innovation efforts depends, in part, on the successful implementation of new product and service initiatives. not only must we keep pace with competitors in the development of these new offerings, but we must accurately price them (as well as existing products) on a risk-adjusted basis and deliver them to clients effectively. our identification of risks arising from new products and services, both in their design and implementation, and effective
2020 annual report | northern trust corporation responses to those identified risks, including pricing, is key to the success of our efforts at innovation and investment in new product and service offerings.
our success with large, complex clients requires an understanding of the market and legal, regulatory and accounting standards in various jurisdictions.
a significant portion of our business involves providing certain services to large, complex clients which require an understanding of the market and legal, regulatory and accounting standards in various jurisdictions. any failure to understand, address or comply with those standards appropriately could affect our growth prospects or affect our reputation negatively. we identify and manage risk through our business strategies and plans and our risk management practices and controls. if we fail to identify and manage significant risks successfully, we could incur financial loss, suffer damage to our reputation that could restrict our ability to grow or conduct business profitably, or become subject to regulatory penalties or constraints that could limit some of our activities or make them significantly more expensive. in addition, our businesses and the markets in which we operate are continuously evolving. we may fail to understand fully the implications of changes in legal or regulatory requirements, our businesses or the financial markets or fail to enhance our risk framework to address those changes in a timely fashion. if our risk framework is ineffective, either because it fails to keep pace with changes in the financial markets, legal and regulatory requirements, our businesses, our counterparties, clients or service providers or for other reasons, we could incur losses, suffer reputational damage or find ourselves out of compliance with applicable regulatory or contractual mandates or expectations. these risks are magnified as client requirements become more complex and as our increasingly global business requires end-to-end management of operational and other processes across multiple time zones and many inter-related products and services.
we may take actions to maintain client satisfaction that result in losses or reduced earnings.
we may take action or incur expenses in order to maintain client satisfaction or preserve the usefulness of investments or investment vehicles we manage in light of changes in security ratings, liquidity or valuation issues or other developments, even though we are not required to do so by law or the terms of governing instruments. the risk that we will decide to take actions to maintain client satisfaction that result in losses or reduced earnings is greater in periods when credit or equity markets are deteriorating in value or are particularly volatile and liquidity in markets is disrupted.
other risks changes in tax laws and interpretations and tax challenges may affect our earnings negatively.
both u.s. and non-u.s. governments and tax authorities, including states and municipalities, from time to time issue new, or modify existing, tax laws and regulations. these authorities may also issue new, or modify existing, interpretations of those laws and regulations. these new laws, regulations or interpretations, and our actions taken in response to, or reliance upon, such changes in the tax laws may impact our tax position in a manner that affects our earnings negatively.
in the course of our business, we are sometimes subject to challenges from u.s. and non-u.s. tax authorities, including states and municipalities, regarding the amount of taxes due. these challenges may result in adjustments to the timing or amount of taxable income or deductions or the allocation of income among tax jurisdictions, all of which may require a greater provision for taxes or otherwise affect earnings negatively.
changes in accounting standards may be difficult to predict and could have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.
new accounting standards, changes to existing accounting standards, or changes in the interpretation of existing accounting standards by the financial accounting standards board, the international accounting standards board, the sec or bank regulatory agencies, or otherwise reflected in gaap, potentially could have a material impact on our financial condition and results of operations. these changes are difficult to predict and in some cases we could be required to apply a new or revised standard retroactively, resulting in the revised treatment of certain transactions or activities, or even the restatement of consolidated financial statements for prior periods.
our ability to return capital to stockholders is subject to the discretion of our board of directors and may be limited by u.s. banking laws and regulations, applicable provisions of delaware law, or our failure to pay full and timely dividends on our preferred stock and the terms of our outstanding debt.
holders of our common stock are entitled to receive only such dividends and other distributions of capital as our board of directors may declare out of funds legally available for such payments under delaware law. although we have declared cash dividends on shares of our common stock historically, we are not required to do so. in addition to the approval of our board of directors, our ability to take certain actions, including our ability to pay dividends, repurchase stock, and make other capital distributions, is dependent upon, among other things, their payment being made in accordance with the capital plan rules and capital adequacy standards of the federal reserve board. on june 25, 2020, the federal reserve board
2020 annual report | northern trust corporation imposed restrictions that were designed to cause large bank holding companies to preserve capital, including suspending share repurchases, capping dividend payments, and only allowing common stock dividends according to a formula based on recent income. on december 18, 2020, the federal reserve board extended a portion of these restrictions to limit share repurchases and dividend payments based on recent income. these restrictions will apply for the first quarter of 2021 and may be extended further.
a significant source of funds for the corporation is dividends from the bank. as a result, our ability to pay dividends on the corporation's common stock will depend on the ability of the bank to pay dividends to the corporation. there are various legal limitations on the extent to which the bank and the corporation's other subsidiaries can supply funds to the corporation by dividend or otherwise. dividend payments by the bank to the corporation in the future will require continued generation of earnings by the bank and could require regulatory approval under certain circumstances. if the bank is unable to pay dividends to the corporation in the future, our ability to pay dividends on the corporation's common stock would be affected adversely.
our ability to declare or pay dividends on, or purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire, shares of our common stock or any of our shares that rank junior to our preferred stock as to the payment of dividends and/or the distribution of any assets on any liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the corporation also generally will be prohibited in the event that we do not declare and pay in full dividends on our series d non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock (series d preferred stock) and series e non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock (series e preferred stock). further, in the future if we default on certain of our outstanding debt or elect to defer interest payments on our floating rate capital debt we will be prohibited from making dividend payments on our common stock until such payments have been brought current.
any reduction or elimination of our common stock dividend, or even our failure to increase our common stock dividend along with our competitors, likely would have a negative effect on the market price of our common stock. for more information on dividend restrictions, see "supervision and regulation-payment of dividends" and "supervision and regulation-capital planning and stress testing" in item 1, "business."
item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following is management's discussion and analysis of the financial condition and results of operations (md&a) of northern trust corporation (corporation) for the year ended december 31, 2020. the following should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related footnotes included in this report. investors also should read the section entitled "forward-looking statements."
business overview the corporation is a leading provider of wealth management, asset servicing, asset management and banking solutions to corporations, institutions, families and individuals. the corporation focuses on managing and servicing client assets through its two client-focused reporting segments: corporate & institutional services (c&is) and wealth management. asset management and related services are provided to c&is and wealth management clients primarily by the asset management business.
the corporation conducts business through various u.s. and non-u.s. subsidiaries, including the northern trust company (the bank). the corporation was formed as a holding company for the bank in 1971. the corporation has a global presence with offices in 22 u.s. states and washington, d.c., and across 22 locations in canada, europe, the middle east and the asia-pacific region. except where the context requires otherwise, the terms "northern trust," "we," "us," "our," "its," or similar terms refers to the corporation and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis.
covid-19 pandemic and recent events the covid-19 pandemic presented health and economic challenges on an unprecedented scale during the year ended december 31, 2020. during this time, northern trust focused on the health and well-being of its workforce, meeting its clients' needs and supporting its communities. although planning is underway to return to the office when conditions permit, the vast majority of staff is expected to continue to work remotely for some time to come.
workforce as governments implement plans to reopen their respective jurisdictions, northern trust has begun its return-to-office (rto) planning under the oversight of its covid executive committee composed of senior leadership across various functions. plans for rto were developed on a location-by-location basis based on business unit needs. northern trust considers site readiness, transportation options, technology capabilities, and workforce alignment, and has plans for the return of a small portion of each office's population in the initial rto phase to allow for optimal social distancing. to ensure the health and well-being of northern trust's workforce, clients and visitors, several social distancing elements and other protective measures were implemented, such as temperature screenings, where allowable by law, distribution of personal protective equipment, and workforce health self-certifications. several offices returned portions of their workforce in the second half of 2020.
client service northern trust offered assistance to its clients affected by the covid-19 pandemic by lending under a government lending program and providing payment deferrals. the corporation continues to assess developments in government actions meant to support the economy, as further discussed below.
u.s. small business administration's paycheck protection program during the second quarter of 2020, northern trust became a lender under the paycheck protection program, as amended (ppp), which is administered by the u.s. small business administration (sba), an agency of the u.s. department of the treasury, which works with financial institutions in providing loans to small businesses. the ppp, which is meant to aid small businesses during the covid-19 pandemic, was created under the coronavirus aid, relief, and economic security (cares) act, which was signed into law on march 27, 2020.
as of december 31, 2020, northern trust had 1,087 outstanding loans totaling $207.1 million under the ppp. 41 loans totaling $6.7 million underwent the loan forgiveness process, with 36 loans totaling $6.7 million being fully forgiven as of december 31, 2020.
the original timeframe for ppp lending expired on june 30, 2020, when congress acted to extend ppp lending for a 5-week period to allow small businesses additional time to apply for the remaining ppp funds allocated by congress in connection with the cares act. northern trust continued to lend under the ppp through the new august 8, 2020 deadline. the economic aid to hard-hit small businesses, nonprofits and venues act (the economic aid act) amended the ppp by extending the authority of the sba to guarantee loans and the ability of ppp lenders to disburse ppp loans until
2020 annual report | northern trust corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations march 31. 2021. for further information on the ppp, please refer to note 6, "loans and leases," provided in item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data."
troubled debt restructuring (tdr) relief due to the economic environment arising from the covid-19 pandemic, there have been two forms of relief provided to lenders exempting certain loan modifications which would otherwise be classified as tdrs from such classification. the first of these forms of relief is provided by certain interagency guidance from various banking regulators, including the federal reserve board, the fdic, the national credit union administration, the office of the comptroller of the currency, and the consumer financial protection bureau (interagency guidance). the other is provided under section 4013 of the cares act. northern trust has elected to apply each of these forms of relief, when applicable, in providing borrowers with qualifying loan modifications, including payment deferrals, in response to the covid-19 pandemic. for further information on tdrs, please refer to note 6, "loans and leases," provided in item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data."
community support covid-19 relief support through december 31, 2020, northern trust provided $2.5 million in covid-19 relief support to numerous organizations serving those most affected by the pandemic. grantees include americares, doctors without borders, feeding america, the global foodbanking network, the irish red cross, meals on wheels, nhs charities together, the solidarity response fund for the world health organization, united way worldwide, world food program, and other covid-19 relief funds in chicago and illinois to benefit those in need.
small business support through december 31, 2020, northern trust provided $110.5 million in low-cost funding to assist community development financial institutions (cdfis), which are instrumental in providing loans to small businesses and non-profit organizations under the ppp. the funding helps meet urgent demand among small businesses and non-profit groups by providing flexible terms and low rates. cdfis provide loans, investments, financial services and technical assistance to underserved populations and communities. this funding, which is reported in debt securities held to maturity on the consolidated balance sheets, is separate and distinct from the $207.1 million of outstanding principal of loans made under the ppp.
additional covid-19 economic and market-related impacts to the corporation's financial condition and results of operations are discussed throughout this annual report on form 10-k.
financial overview net income decreased $282.9 million, or 19%, to $1.21 billion in 2020 from $1.49 billion in 2019. earnings per diluted common share was $5.46 in 2020 compared to $6.63 in 2019. return on average common equity decreased to 11.2% in 2020 from 14.9% in 2019.
revenue increased $27.7 million to $6.10 billion in 2020 from $6.07 billion in the prior year, primarily driven by increases in trust, investment and other servicing fees of 4%, other operating income of 33%, foreign exchange trading income of 16%, and security commissions and trading income of 29%, partially offset by a decrease in net interest income of 14%.
client assets under custody/administration (auc/a) increased 21% from $12.05 trillion as of december 31, 2019 to $14.53 trillion as of december 31, 2020, primarily reflecting net inflows, favorable markets, and favorable currency translation. client assets under custody, a component of auc/a, increased 22% from $9.23 trillion as of december 31, 2019 to $11.26 trillion as of december 31, 2020. client assets under custody included $7.42 trillion of global custody assets as of december 31, 2020, which increased 26% from $5.89 trillion as of december 31, 2019. client assets under management increased 14% to $1.41 trillion as of december 31, 2020 from $1.23 trillion at december 31, 2019 due to favorable markets and net inflows.
trust, investment and other servicing fees, which represent the largest component of total revenue, increased 4% to $4.00 billion in 2020, from $3.85 billion in 2019, primarily due to new business and favorable markets, partially offset by money market mutual fund fee waivers.
foreign exchange trading income of $290.4 million in 2020 increased 16% from $250.9 million in 2019, primarily driven by higher client volumes and increased market volatility, partially offset by lower foreign exchange swap activity in treasury.
security commissions and trading income of $133.2 million in 2020 increased 29% from $103.6 million in 2019, primarily driven by higher core brokerage revenue and revenue from interest rate swaps.
2020 annual report | northern trust corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations other operating income of $194.0 million in 2020 increased 33% from $145.5 million in 2019, primarily due to higher income related to a bank-owned life insurance program implemented during 2019, a charge in the prior year related to the decision made to sell substantially all of the lease portfolio, and higher miscellaneous income.
net interest income on a fully taxable equivalent (fte) basis of $1.48 billion in 2020, decreased $233.1 million, or 14%, from $1.71 billion in 2019, due to a decreased net interest margin, partially offset by higher levels of average earning assets. the net interest margin on an fte basis decreased to 1.19% in 2020 from 1.60% in 2019, primarily due to lower interest rates.
the corporation adopted accounting standards update (asu) no. 2016-13, "financial instruments-credit losses: measurement of credit losses on financial instruments" (asu 2016-13) on january 1, 2020, which significantly changed the way impairment of financial instruments is recognized by requiring immediate recognition of estimated credit losses expected to occur over the remaining life of financial instruments. upon adoption of asu 2016-13, the corporation recorded a $13.7 million increase in the allowance for credit losses with a corresponding cumulative effect adjustment to decrease retained earnings by $10.1 million, net of income taxes. for more information on the adoption of asu 2016-13, please refer to note 2, "recent accounting pronouncements," provided in item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data."
the provision for credit losses in 2020 was $125.0 million as compared to a credit provision of $14.5 million in 2019. the provision for 2020 reflected an increase in the reserve evaluated on a collective basis. the increase in the collective basis reserve was primarily driven by current and projected economic conditions and downgrades in the portfolio, both resulting from the ongoing covid-19 pandemic and related market and economic impacts, with increases primarily in the commercial and institutional and commercial real estate portfolios. the prior-year credit provision primarily reflected a decrease in the inherent reserve related to the residential real estate portfolio due to a reduction in outstanding loans and improved credit quality and reductions to the specific reserve related to the commercial and institutional and residential real estate portfolios, partially offset by an increase in the inherent reserve related to the private client portfolio due to an increase in outstanding loans and lower credit quality. loans and leases of $33.8 billion as of december 31, 2020 increased from $31.4 billion as of december 31, 2019. net charge-offs for the year ended december 31, 2020 were $3.2 million, compared to net recoveries of $0.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. nonaccrual assets increased to $132.4 million as of december 31, 2020 from $86.8 million as of december 31, 2019.
noninterest expense of $4.35 billion in 2020 increased $204.7 million, or 5%, from $4.14 billion in 2019, primarily reflecting increased compensation, equipment and software, employee benefits, occupancy, and other operating expense, partially offset by lower outside services. noninterest expense in 2020 included severance-related charges of $55.0 million in connection with a reduction in force, a $43.4 million charge related to a corporate action processing error, and occupancy expense related to an early lease exit arising from a workplace real estate strategy of $11.9 million.
the provision for income taxes in 2020 totaled $418.3 million, representing an effective tax rate of 25.7%. the provision for income taxes in 2019 totaled $451.9 million, representing an effective tax rate of 23.2%. the increase in the effective tax rate was primarily driven by $26.8 million of tax expense related to the reversal of tax benefits previously recognized through earnings and higher taxes payable on the income of the corporation's non-u.s. branches.
northern trust continued to maintain a strong capital position during 2020, with all capital ratios exceeding those required for classification as "well-capitalized" under federal bank regulatory capital requirements. total stockholders' equity increased 5% from $11.1 billion in 2019 to $11.7 billion at year-end 2020. during the fourth quarter of 2019, the corporation issued and sold 16 million depositary shares, each representing 1/1,000th ownership interest in a share of series e non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock for proceeds of $391.4 million, net of underwriting discounts, commissions, and other issuance costs. these proceeds were subsequently used to fund the redemption of all outstanding shares of the corporation's series c non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock on january 2, 2020.
the corporation suspended its open-market share repurchase program on march 16, 2020. prior to the suspension, 2,743,876 shares of common stock were repurchased on the open market at a total cost of $246.4 million. subsequent to the suspension, the only shares repurchased were shares of common stock withheld upon the vesting of share-based compensation to satisfy tax withholding obligations. during the year ended december 31, 2020, the corporation repurchased 3,276,589 shares of common stock, including 532,713 shares withheld related to share-based compensation, at a total cost of $299.8 million. during the year ended december 31, 2020, the northern trust quarterly common stock dividend remained unchanged from the end of the prior year at $0.70 per share. during the first quarter of 2021, the corporation restarted its share repurchase program in accordance with limitations established by the federal reserve.
consolidated results of operations the following information summarizes our consolidated results of operations for 2020 compared to 2019. for a discussion related to the consolidated results of operations for 2019 compared to 2018, refer to part ii, item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in our annual report on form 10-k for the year
2020 annual report | northern trust corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations ended december 31, 2019 (2019 form 10-k), which was filed with the united states securities and exchange commission on february 25, 2020.
revenue northern trust generates the majority of its revenue from noninterest income that primarily consists of trust, investment and other servicing fees. net interest income comprises the remainder of revenue and consists of interest income generated by earning assets, net of interest expense on deposits and borrowed funds.
revenue in 2020 of $6.10 billion increased from $6.07 billion in 2019. noninterest income represented 76% and 72% of total revenue in 2020 and 2019, respectively, and totaled $4.66 billion in 2020, which increased 6% from $4.40 billion in 2019.
noninterest income in 2020 increased primarily reflecting higher trust, investment and other servicing fees, other operating income, foreign exchange trading income, and security commissions and trading income. trust, investment and other servicing fees of $4.00 billion in 2020 increased $142.9 million, or 4%, from $3.85 billion in 2019, primarily due to new business and favorable markets, partially offset by money market mutual fund fee waivers. foreign exchange trading income in 2020 of $290.4 million increased $39.5 million, or 16%, compared with $250.9 million in 2019, primarily driven by higher client volumes and increased market volatility, partially offset by lower foreign exchange swap activity in treasury. security commissions and trading income of $133.2 million in 2020 increased 29% from $103.6 million in 2019, primarily driven by higher core brokerage revenue and revenue from interest rate swaps. other operating income of $194.0 million in 2020 increased 33% from $145.5 million in the prior year, primarily due to higher income related to a bank-owned life insurance program implemented during 2019, a charge in the prior year related to the decision made to sell substantially all of the lease portfolio, and higher miscellaneous income.
net interest income on an fte basis in 2020 of $1.48 billion decreased $233.1 million, or 14%, from $1.71 billion in 2019, due to a decreased net interest margin, partially offset by higher levels of average earning assets. the net interest margin on an fte basis decreased to 1.19% in 2020 from 1.60% in 2019, primarily due to lower interest rates. average earning assets increased $17.0 billion, or 16%, from $107.1 billion in 2019 to $124.1 billion in 2020, primarily reflecting higher levels of short-term interest bearing deposits, securities, and loans and leases.
additional information regarding northern trust's revenue by type is provided in the following table.
table 4: revenue for the year ended december 31,
($ in millions)                                                 2020                2019                2018
noninterest income trust, investment and other servicing fees            $3,995.0            $3,852.1            $3,753.7
foreign exchange trading income                          290.4               250.9               307.2
treasury management fees                                  45.4                44.5                51.8
security commissions and trading income                  133.2               103.6                98.3
other operating income                                   194.0               145.5               127.5
investment security gains (losses), net                  (0.4)               (1.4)               (1.0)
total noninterest income                              $4,657.6            $4,395.2            $4,337.5
net interest income                                    1,443.2             1,677.9             1,622.7
total revenue                                         $6,100.8            $6,073.1            $5,960.2
trust, investment and other servicing fees trust, investment and other servicing fees were $4.00 billion in 2020 compared with $3.85 billion in 2019, and are based primarily on the market value of assets held in custody, managed or serviced; the volume of transactions; securities lending volume and spreads; and fees for other services rendered. certain market value calculations on which fees are based are performed on a monthly or quarterly basis in arrears. low-interest-rate environments have historically had a negative impact on fees earned on certain products.
beginning in the second quarter of 2020, the corporation began to waive a portion of certain fees associated with money market mutual funds due to the current low-interest-rate environment. northern trust voluntarily waived $29.3 million of money market mutual fund fees for the year ended december 31, 2020, of which $23.6 million was waived in the fourth quarter of 2020, related to the low-interest-rate environment. these fee waivers, which are expected to continue in the low-interest-rate environment in which the yields in certain funds remain insufficient to pay the stated fees associated with such funds, will adversely impact trust, investment and other servicing fees within the c&is and wealth management reporting segments. northern trust did not waive any money market mutual fund fees due to interest rates in the year ended december 31, 2019.
2020 annual report | northern trust corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the components of trust, investment and other servicing fees are provided in the following table.
table 5: trust, investment and other servicing fees for the year ended december 31,                              change
($ in millions)                                                                         2020                2019                2018       2020 / 2019       2019 / 2018
c&amp;is trust, investment and other servicing fees custody and fund administration                                               $1,586.1            $1,549.3            $1,501.1                 2     %           3     %
investment management                                                            511.1               445.7               436.8                15                 2
securities lending                                                                88.0                87.2               102.0                 1              (15)
other                                                                            136.4               129.3               133.2                 6               (3)
total c&amp;is trust, investment and other servicing fees                     $2,321.6            $2,211.5            $2,173.1                 5     %           2     %
wealth management trust, investment and other servicing fees central                                                                         $607.3              $619.3              $607.8               (2)     %           2     %
east                                                                             442.1               422.2               401.7                 5                 5
west                                                                             337.7               330.9               320.0                 2                 3
global family office                                                             286.3               268.2               251.1                 7                 7
total wealth management trust, investment and other servicing fees            $1,673.4            $1,640.6            $1,580.6                 2     %           4     %
total consolidated trust, investment and other servicing fees                 $3,995.0            $3,852.1            $3,753.7                 4     %           3     %
corporate & institutional services c&is trust, investment and other servicing fees are primarily attributable to services related to custody, fund administration, investment management, and securities lending. custody and fund administration fees, the largest component of c&is fees, are driven primarily by values of client assets under custody/administration, transaction volumes and number of accounts. the asset values used to calculate these fees vary depending on the individual fee arrangements negotiated with each client. custody fees related to asset values are client specific and are priced based on month-end market values, quarter-end market values, or the average of month-end market values for the quarter. the fund administration fees that are asset-value-related are priced using month-end, quarter-end, or average daily balances. investment management fees are based generally on market values of client assets under management throughout the period. typically, the asset values used to calculate fee revenue are based on a one-month or one-quarter lag.
securities lending revenue is affected by market values; the demand for securities to be lent, which drives volumes; and the interest rate spread earned on the investment of cash deposited by investment firms as collateral for securities they have borrowed. the other services fee category in c&is includes such products as investment risk and analytical services, benefit payments, and other services. revenue from these products is based generally on the volume of services provided or a fixed fee.
custody and fund administration fees increased from 2019 to 2020 primarily due to new business and favorable currency translation, partially offset by unfavorable non-u.s. markets. investment management fees increased from 2019 to 2020 primarily due to new business and favorable markets, partially offset by money market mutual fund fee waivers.
the following tables provide a breakdown of the c&is assets under custody and under management.
table 6: c&is assets under custody december 31,                              change
($ in billions)                                   2020              2019              2018       2020 / 2019       2019 / 2018
north america                             $5,746.4          $4,516.0          $3,693.4              27     %          22     %
europe, middle east, and africa            3,478.2           2,998.5           2,538.6              16                18
asia pacific                                 976.2             820.3             589.2              19                39
securities lending                           186.9             163.0             149.8              15                 9
total assets under custody               $10,387.7          $8,497.8          $6,971.0              22     %          22     %
2020 annual report | northern trust corporation 35
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations table 7: c&is assets under management december 31,                              change
($ in billions)                                   2020            2019            2018       2020 / 2019       2019 / 2018
north america                               $676.8          $588.4          $493.1              15     %          19     %
europe, middle east, and africa              143.5           125.2           113.3              15                11
asia pacific                                  50.3            40.9            34.6              23                18
securities lending                           186.9           163.0           149.8              15                 9
total assets under management             $1,057.5          $917.5          $790.8              15     %          16     %
cash and other assets deposited by investment firms as collateral for securities borrowed from custody clients are managed by northern trust and are included in assets under custody and under management. this securities lending collateral totaled $186.9 billion and $163.0 billion at december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
wealth management wealth management fee income is calculated primarily based on market values and is impacted by both one-month and one-quarter lagged asset values. wealth management fees increased from 2019 to 2020, primarily due to favorable markets and new business, partially offset by money market mutual fund fee waivers. the following tables provide a summary of wealth management assets under custody and under management.
table 8: wealth management assets under custody december 31,                              change
($ in billions)                           2020            2019            2018       2020 / 2019       2019 / 2018
global family office                $600.7          $474.1          $405.5              27     %          17     %
central                              120.0           115.1            88.2               4                31
east                                  89.1            81.7            72.7               9                12
west                                  65.3            64.8            56.5               1                15
total assets under custody          $875.1          $735.7          $622.9              19     %          18     %
table 9: wealth management assets under management december 31,                              change
($ in billions)                              2020            2019            2018       2020 / 2019       2019 / 2018
global family office                   $114.0           $94.2           $83.5              21     %          13     %
central                                 109.3           104.4            96.2               5                 9
east                                     73.3            66.8            57.0              10                17
west                                     51.2            48.4            41.9               6                16
total assets under management          $347.8          $313.8          $278.6              11     %          13     %
the wealth management regions shown are comprised of the following: central includes illinois, michigan, minnesota, missouri, ohio and wisconsin; east includes connecticut, delaware, florida, georgia, massachusetts, new york, pennsylvania, and washington, d.c.; west includes arizona, california, colorado, nevada, texas and washington. global family office provides specialized asset management, investment consulting, global custody, fiduciary, and private banking services to ultra-wealthy domestic and international clients.
market indices the following tables present selected market indices and the percentage changes year over year to provide context regarding equity and fixed income market impacts on the corporation's results.
table 10: equity market indices daily averages                                   year-end
2020                                                  2019         change          2020          2019         change s&amp;p 500                        3,218         2,912            11    %     3,756         3,231            16    %
msci eafe (u.s. dollars)           1,853         1,891           (2)          2,148         2,037             5
msci eafe (local currency)         1,074         1,118           (4)          1,174         1,190           (1)
36 2020 annual report | northern trust corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations table 11: fixed income market indices as of december 31,
2020                                                                      2019         change barclays capital u.s. aggregate bond index           2,392          2,225              8   %
barclays capital global aggregate bond index           559            512              9
client assets northern trust, in the normal course of business, holds assets under custody/administration and management in a fiduciary or agency capacity for its clients. in accordance with gaap, these assets are not assets of northern trust and are not included in its consolidated balance sheets. auc/a and assets under management are a driver of our trust, investment and other servicing fees. for the purposes of disclosing auc/a, to the extent that both custody and administration services are provided, the value of the assets is included only once.
at december 31, 2020, auc/a increased from december 31, 2019, primarily reflecting net inflows, favorable markets, and favorable currency translation. assets under custody, a component of auc/a, at december 31, 2020, increased from december 31, 2019, and included $7.42 trillion of global custody assets, compared to $5.89 trillion at december 31, 2019.
the following table presents auc/a by reporting segment.
table 12: assets under custody/administration by reporting segment december 31,                              change
($ in billions)                                            2020              2019              2018        2020 /2019        2019 /2018
corporate &amp; institutional services            $13,653.1         $11,311.6          $9,490.5              21     %          19     %
wealth management                                     879.4             738.8             634.8              19                16
total assets under custody/administration         $14,532.5         $12,050.4         $10,125.3                     %          19     %
the following table presents assets under custody, a component of auc/a, by reporting segment.
table 13: assets under custody by reporting segment december 31,                              change
($ in billions)                                         2020              2019              2018        2020 /2019       2019 / 2018
corporate &amp; institutional services         $10,387.7          $8,497.8          $6,971.0                     %          22     %
wealth management                                  875.1             735.7             622.9              19                18
total assets under custody                     $11,262.8          $9,233.5          $7,593.9              22     %          22     %
consolidated assets under custody increased from the prior year, primarily reflecting net inflows, favorable markets, and favorable currency translation.
the following table presents the investment allocation of northern trust's custodied assets by reporting segment.
table 14: allocation of assets under custody december 31,
2020                                                                                                       2019                                   2018
c&amp;is          wm       total       c&amp;is          wm       total       c&amp;is          wm       total equities                                 46    %      62   %      47   %        45    %      59   %      46   %        44    %      54   %      45   %
fixed income securities                  36           15          34            37           18          35            39           20          37
cash and other assets                    16           23          17            16           23          17            15           26          16
securities lending collateral             2            -           2             2            -           2             2            -           2
2020 annual report | northern trust corporation 37
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following table presents northern trust's assets under custody by investment type.
table 15: assets under custody by investment type december 31,                              change
($ in billions)                                2020              2019              2018       2020 / 2019       2019 / 2018
equities                               $5,293.9          $4,298.6          $3,379.5              23     %          27     %
fixed income securities                 3,870.9           3,236.5           2,822.4              20                15
cash and other assets                   1,911.1           1,535.3           1,242.1              24                24
securities lending collateral             186.9             163.1             149.9              15                 9
total assets under custody            $11,262.8          $9,233.5          $7,593.9              22     %          22     %
the following table presents northern trust's assets under management by reporting segment.
table 16: assets under management by reporting segment december 31,                              change
($ in billions)                                         2020              2019              2018       2020 / 2019       2019 / 2018
corporate &amp; institutional services          $1,057.5            $917.5            $790.8              15     %          16     %
wealth management                                  347.8             313.8             278.6              11                13
total assets under management                   $1,405.3          $1,231.3          $1,069.4              14     %          15     %
assets under management at the end of 2020 increased from 2019. the increase primarily reflected favorable markets and net inflows.
the following tables present the investment allocation and management style of northern trust's assets under management by reporting segment.
table 17: assets under management by investment type december 31,
2020                                                                                                       2019                                   2018
c&amp;is          wm       total       c&amp;is          wm       total       c&amp;is          wm       total equities                                 52    %      52   %      52   %        53    %      53   %      53   %        51    %      47   %      50   %
fixed income securities                  11           25          15            12           25          16            13           26          17
cash and other assets                    19           23          20            17           22          18            17           27          19
securities lending collateral            18            -          13            18            -          13            19            -          14
table 18: assets under management by management style december 31,
2020                                                                                        2019                                   2018
c&amp;is              wm       total       c&amp;is          wm       total       c&amp;is          wm       total index                58        %       24   %      50   %        59    %      27   %      51   %        57    %      25   %      49   %
active                                             38            37           36          37            38           39          38
multi-manager        4         8                    5             4            8           5             5            7           5
other                -         29                   7             -           29           7             -           29           8
38 2020 annual report | northern trust corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations other noninterest income the components of other noninterest income, and a discussion of significant changes during 2020 and 2019, are provided below.
table 19: other noninterest income for the year ended december 31,                              change
($ in millions)                                            2020              2019              2018       2020 / 2019       2019 / 2018
foreign exchange trading income                    $290.4            $250.9            $307.2                16     %        (18)     %
treasury management fees                             45.4              44.5              51.8                 2              (14)
security commissions and trading income             133.2             103.6              98.3                29                 5
other operating income                              194.0             145.5             127.5                33                14
investment security gains (losses), net             (0.4)             (1.4)             (1.0)                     n/m               n/m total other noninterest income                     $662.6            $543.1            $583.8                22     %         (7)     %
foreign exchange trading income northern trust provides foreign exchange services in the normal course of business as an integral part of its global custody services. active management of currency positions, within conservative limits, also contributes to foreign exchange trading income. foreign exchange trading income in 2020 increased from 2019, primarily driven by higher client volumes and increased market volatility, partially offset by lower foreign exchange swap activity in treasury.
treasury management fees treasury management fees, generated from cash and treasury management products and services provided to clients, in 2020 increased from 2019.
security commissions and trading income security commissions and trading income, generated primarily from securities brokerage services provided by northern trust securities, inc., in 2020 increased from 2019, primarily driven by higher core brokerage revenue and revenue from interest rate swaps.
other operating income the components of other operating income are provided in the following table.
table 20: other operating income for the year ended december 31,                              change
($ in millions)                                2020              2019              2018       2020 / 2019       2019 / 2018
loan service fees                       $52.5             $48.0             $48.9                 9     %         (2)     %
banking service fees                     46.1              45.6              46.4                 1               (2)
other income                             95.4              51.9              32.2                84                60
total other operating income           $194.0            $145.5            $127.5                33     %          14     %
other income in 2020 increased from 2019, primarily due to higher income related to a bank-owned life insurance program implemented during 2019, a charge in the prior year related to the decision made to sell substantially all of the lease portfolio, and higher miscellaneous income.
investment security gains (losses), net losses in 2019 included $0.3 million of charges related to the other-than-temporary impairment (otti) of certain community reinvestment act (cra) eligible held-to-maturity debt securities. asu 2016-13, adopted on january 1, 2020, replaced the legacy otti model with an estimated credit loss model. refer to the caption "investment security gains and losses" in note 4, "securities," and the caption "allowance for debt securities held to maturity securities portfolio" in note 7, "allowance for credit losses" included under item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data."
2020 annual report | northern trust corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations net interest income net interest income is defined as the total of interest income and amortized fees on earning assets, less interest expense on deposits and borrowed funds, adjusted for the impact of interest-related hedging activity. earning assets - including federal funds sold, securities purchased under agreements to resell, interest-bearing due from and deposits with banks, federal reserve and other central bank deposits and other, securities, and loans and leases - are financed by a large base of interest-bearing funds that include client deposits, short-term borrowings, senior notes and long-term debt. short-term borrowings include federal funds purchased, securities sold under agreements to repurchase, and other borrowings. earning assets also are funded by noninterest-related funds, which include demand deposits and stockholders' equity. net interest income is subject to variations in the level and mix of earning assets and interest-bearing funds and their relative sensitivity to interest rates. in addition, the levels of nonaccruing assets and client compensating deposit balances used to pay for services impact net interest income.
net interest margin is the difference between what we earn on our assets and what we pay for deposits and other sources of funding. the direction and level of interest rates are important factors in our earnings. net interest margin is calculated by dividing annualized net interest income by average interest-earning assets.
net interest income stated on an fte basis is a non-gaap financial measure that facilitates the analysis of asset yields. management believes an fte presentation provides a clearer indication of net interest margins for comparative purposes. when adjusted to an fte basis, yields on taxable, nontaxable, and partially taxable assets are comparable; however, the adjustment to an fte basis has no impact on net income. a reconciliation of net interest income on a gaap basis to net interest income on an fte basis is provided on page 85.
2020 annual report | northern trust corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following tables present an analysis of average daily balances and interest rates affecting net interest income and an analysis of net interest income changes.
table 21: average consolidated balance sheets with analysis of net interest income (interest and rate on a fully taxable equivalent basis)(1)
2020                                                                                                                                                                                          2019                                                            2018
($ in millions)                                                              interest              average         average rate(7)           interest              average         average rate(7)           interest              average         average rate(7)
balance                                                         balance                                                         balance interest-earning assets federal reserve and other central bank deposits and other(2)               $28.8            $27,921.4                 0.10       %        $181.7            $18,527.7                 0.98       %        $207.1            $23,899.3                 0.87       %
interest-bearing due from and deposits with banks(3)                        22.4              5,400.8                 0.41                  72.4              5,996.7                 1.21                  70.0              6,022.8                 1.16
federal funds sold                                                             -                  2.3                 1.37                   0.4                 12.8                 2.73                   0.4                 20.5                 2.18
securities purchased under agreements to resell                              3.9              1,253.1                 0.31                  17.5                835.0                 2.10                  32.9              1,478.3                 2.22
securities u.s. government                                                             63.0              4,256.7                 1.48                 110.4              5,296.5                 2.09                 108.3              5,737.1                 1.89
obligations of states and political subdivisions                            48.2              2,194.3                 2.20                  24.4                980.5                 2.49                  13.9                725.2                 1.91
government sponsored agency                                                409.0             23,970.4                 1.71                 583.6             22,634.1                 2.58                 456.0             20,682.7                 2.20
other(4)                                                                   324.1             25,635.1                 1.26                 381.6             21,773.3                 1.75                 367.5             23,136.5                 1.59
total securities                                                           844.3             56,056.5                 1.51               1,100.0             50,684.4                 2.17                 945.7             50,281.5                 1.88
loans and leases(5)                                                        778.5             33,498.8                 2.32               1,160.7             31,052.8                 3.74               1,106.5             32,028.6                 3.45
total interest-earning assets                                            1,677.9            124,132.9                 1.35               2,532.7            107,109.4                 2.36               2,362.6            113,731.0                 2.08
allowance for credit losses                                                    -              (178.0)                    -                     -              (111.4)                    -                     -              (126.3)                    -
cash and due from banks and other central bank deposits(6)                     -              2,603.0                    -                     -              2,393.6                    -                     -              2,534.3                    -
buildings and equipment                                                        -                509.3                    -                     -                425.6                    -                     -                438.5                    -
client security settlement receivables                                         -              1,357.5                    -                     -              1,070.4                    -                     -              1,002.0                    -
goodwill                                                                       -                695.4                    -                     -                682.5                                          -                642.5                    -
other assets                                                                   -              7,691.0                    -                     -              5,981.3                    -                     -              4,724.6                    -
total assets                                                                  $-           $136,811.1                    -       %            $-           $117,551.4                    -       %            $-           $122,946.6                    -       %
average source of funds deposits savings, money market, and other                                           $47.6            $23,396.4                 0.20       %        $160.8            $16,577.8                 0.97       %         $82.0            $15,149.3                 0.54       %
savings certificates and other time                                         16.5              1,266.4                 1.30                  16.2                867.5                 1.86                   7.8                870.6                 0.90
non-u.s. offices - interest-bearing                                       (15.7)             60,486.3               (0.03)                 311.9             54,885.2                 0.57                 294.8             58,556.6                 0.50
total interest-bearing deposits                                             48.4             85,149.1                 0.06                 488.9             72,330.5                 0.68                 384.6             74,576.5                 0.52
federal funds purchased                                                      2.2                980.9                 0.22                  25.9              1,267.4                 2.05                  50.3              2,762.8                 1.82
securities sold under agreements to repurchase                               1.0                218.3                 0.47                   6.4                339.0                 1.89                   7.8                525.2                 1.48
other borrowings                                                            45.3              6,401.1                 0.71                 181.7              7,752.5                 2.34                 150.1              7,495.5                 2.00
senior notes                                                                72.7              3,233.8                 2.24                  72.6              2,389.1                 3.04                  53.4              1,704.0                 3.13
long-term debt                                                              26.5              1,189.2                 2.24                  38.3              1,139.0                 3.36                  45.0              1,296.8                 3.47
floating rate capital debt                                                   4.2                277.7                 1.52                   8.2                277.6                 2.98                   7.5                277.6                 2.72
total interest-related funds                                               200.3             97,450.1                 0.21                 822.0             85,495.1                 0.96                 698.7             88,638.4                 0.79
interest rate spread                                                           -                    -                 1.14                     -                    -                 1.40                     -                    -                 1.29
demand and other noninterest-bearing deposits                                  -             23,362.0                    -                     -             17,455.5                    -                     -             20,526.6                    -
other liabilities                                                              -              4,806.4                    -                     -              3,952.4                    -                     -              3,552.7                    -
stockholders' equity                                                           -             11,192.6                    -                     -             10,648.4                    -                     -             10,228.9                    -
total liabilities and stockholders' equity                                    $-           $136,811.1                    -       %            $-           $117,551.4                    -       %            $-           $122,946.6                    -       %
net interest income/margin (fte adjusted)                               $1,477.6                   $-                 1.19       %      $1,710.7                   $-                 1.60       %      $1,663.9                   $-                 1.46       %
net interest income/margin (unadjusted)                                 $1,443.2                   $-                 1.16       %      $1,677.9                   $-                 1.57       %      $1,622.7                   $-                 1.43       %
note: net interest income (fte adjusted), a non-gaap financial measure, includes adjustments to a fully taxable equivalent basis for loans and securities. the adjustments are based on a federal income tax rate of 21.0%, where the rate is adjusted for applicable state income taxes, net of related federal tax benefit. total taxable equivalent interest adjustments amounted to $34.4 million in 2020, $32.8 million in 2019 and $41.2 million in 2018. a reconciliation of net interest income and net interest margin on a gaap basis to net interest income and net interest margin on an fte basis (each of which is a non-gaap financial measure) is provided on page 85. net interest margin is calculated by dividing annualized net interest income by average interest-earning assets. interest revenue on cash collateral positions is reported above in interest-bearing due from and deposits with banks and in loans and leases. interest expense on cash collateral positions is reported above in non-u.s. offices interest-bearing deposits. related cash collateral received from and deposited with derivative counterparties is recorded net of the associated derivative contract in other assets and other liabilities, respectively.
(1) northern trust's non-u.s. activities are primarily related to its asset servicing, asset management, foreign exchange, cash management, and commercial banking businesses. the operations of northern trust are managed on a reporting segment basis and include components of both u.s and non-u.s. source income and assets. non-u.s. source income and assets are not separately identified in northern trust's internal management reporting system. however, northern trust is required to disclose non-u.s. activities based on the domicile of the customer. due to the complex and integrated nature of northern trust's activities, it is difficult to segregate with precision revenues, expenses and assets between u.s. and non-u.s.-domiciled customers. on the basis of averages, the percentage of total assets attributable to foreign activities was 20%, 23% and 25% as of december 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. on the basis of averages, the percentage of total liabilities attributable to foreign activities was 56%, 53% and 54% as of december 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. for additional information, refer to the geographic area information section of note 32, "reporting segments and related information," provided in item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data."
(2) federal reserve and other central bank deposits and other includes collateral deposits with certain securities depositories and clearing houses, which are classified in other assets on the consolidated balance sheets.
(3) interest-bearing due from and deposits with banks includes the interest-bearing component of cash and due from banks and interest-bearing deposits with banks as presented on the consolidated balance sheets.
(4) other securities include certain community development investments and federal home loan bank and federal reserve stock, which are classified in other assets on the consolidated balance sheets.
(5) average balances include nonaccrual loans. lease financing receivable balances are reduced by deferred income.
(6) cash and due from banks and other central bank deposits includes the noninterest-bearing component of federal reserve and other central bank deposits on the consolidated balance sheets.
(7) rate calculations are based on actual balances rather than the rounded amounts presented in the average consolidated balance sheets with analysis of net interest income.
2020 annual report | northern trust corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations table 22: analysis of net interest income changes due to volume and rate
(interest and rate on a fully taxable equivalent basis)                                                       2020/2019 change due to                                               2019/2018 change due to
(in millions)                                                            average           average rate       net (decrease) increase            average         average rate       net (decrease) increase balance                                                                 balance increase (decrease) in net interest income (fte)
federal reserve and other central bank deposits and other             $62.5             $(215.4)                   $(152.9)                 $(58.1)              $32.7                    $(25.4)
interest-bearing due from and deposits with banks                     (6.5)               (43.5)                     (50.0)                   (0.3)                2.7                        2.4
federal funds sold                                                    (0.2)                (0.2)                      (0.4)                       -                  -                          -
securities purchased under agreements to resell                         6.1               (19.7)                     (13.6)                  (36.5)               21.1                     (15.4)
securities u.s. government                                                      (19.0)               (28.4)                     (47.4)                   (5.4)                7.5                        2.1
obligations of states and political subdivisions                       26.9                (3.1)                       23.8                     5.7                4.8                       10.5
government sponsored agency                                            32.7              (207.3)                    (174.6)                    45.1               82.5                      127.6
other                                                                  61.6              (119.1)                     (57.5)                  (20.0)               34.1                       14.1
total securities                                                      102.2              (357.9)                    (255.7)                    25.4              128.9                      154.3
loans and leases                                                      177.6              (559.8)                    (382.2)                  (89.2)              143.4                       54.2
total interest income                                                $341.7           $(1,196.5)                   $(854.8)                $(158.7)             $328.8                     $170.1
interest-bearing deposits savings, money market and other                                       $48.5             $(161.7)                   $(113.2)                    $8.3              $70.5                      $78.8
savings certificates and other time                                   (9.3)                  9.6                        0.3                       -                8.4                        8.4
non-u.s. offices - interest bearing                                    29.2              (356.8)                    (327.6)                  (13.9)               31.0                       17.1
total interest-bearing deposits                                        68.4              (508.9)                    (440.5)                   (5.6)              109.9                      104.3
federal funds purchased                                               (4.8)               (18.9)                     (23.7)                  (31.9)                7.5                     (24.4)
securities sold under agreements to repurchase                        (1.7)                (3.7)                      (5.4)                   (6.5)                5.1                      (1.4)
other borrowings                                                     (27.3)              (109.1)                    (136.4)                     5.3               26.3                       31.6
senior notes                                                           22.0               (21.9)                        0.1                    20.6              (1.4)                       19.2
long-term debt                                                         13.5               (25.3)                     (11.8)                   (5.6)              (1.1)                      (6.7)
floating rate capital debt                                                -                (4.0)                      (4.0)                       -                0.7                        0.7
total interest expense                                                $70.1             $(691.8)                   $(621.7)                 $(23.7)             $147.0                     $123.3
(decrease) increase in net interest income (fte)                     $271.6             $(504.7)                   $(233.1)                $(135.0)             $181.8                      $46.8
note: changes not due solely to average balance changes or rate changes are allocated proportionately to average balance and rate based on their relative absolute magnitudes.
net interest income in 2020 decreased from 2019. net interest income, stated on an fte basis decreased from 2019, due to a lower net interest margin, partially offset by higher levels of average earning assets. average earning assets increased in 2020 from 2019, primarily reflecting higher levels of short-term interest bearing deposits, securities, and loans and leases. funding of the balance sheet reflected higher levels of client deposits. the increase in average client deposits resulted from the large inflows experienced at the end of the first quarter of 2020, and these balances were largely maintained throughout the year.
the net interest margin in 2020 decreased from 2019. the net interest margin on an fte basis in 2020 decreased from 2019, primarily due to lower interest rates. low levels of market interest rates are expected to continue to impact our net interest income.
federal reserve and other central bank deposits and other averaged $27.9 billion in 2020, which increased $9.4 billion, or 51%, from $18.5 billion in 2019, which resulted from significant deposit inflows. the higher level of client deposits were primarily placed with the federal reserve and other central banks and in the securities portfolio. average securities were $56.1 billion and increased $5.4 billion, or 11%, from $50.7 billion in the prior-year period and include certain community development investments, federal home loan bank stock, and federal reserve stock of $769.6 million, $202.9 million and $63.5 million, respectively, which are recorded in other assets on the consolidated balance sheets. average taxable securities were $50.9 billion in 2020 and $43.9 billion in 2019. average nontaxable securities, which represent securities that are primarily exempt from u.s. federal and state income taxes, were $5.2 billion in 2020 and $6.8 billion in 2019. interest-bearing due from and deposits with banks averaged $5.4 billion in 2020 and $6.0 billion in 2019.
2020 annual report | northern trust corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations loans and leases averaged $33.5 billion, which increased $2.4 billion, or 8%, from $31.1 billion in 2019, primarily reflecting higher levels of commercial and institutional, private client, commercial real estate, and non-u.s. loans, partially offset by a decrease in residential real estate loans. commercial and institutional loans averaged $10.3 billion and increased $1.3 billion, or 15%, from $9.0 billion for the prior-year period. private client loans averaged $11.5 billion and increased $706.9 million, or 7%, from $10.7 billion for the prior-year period. commercial real estate loans averaged $3.3 billion and increased $335.6 million, or 12%, from $2.9 billion for the prior-year period. non-u.s. loans averaged $2.0 billion and increased $262.7 million, or 15.3%, from $1.7 billion for the prior-year period. residential real estate loans averaged $6.1 billion and decreased $180.9 million, or 3%, from $6.3 billion for the prior-year period.
northern trust utilizes a diverse mix of funding sources. average interest-bearing deposits increased $12.8 billion, or 18%, to $85.1 billion in 2020 from $72.3 billion in 2019. average interest-related funds increased $12.0 billion, or 14%, to $97.5 billion in 2020 from $85.5 billion in 2019. the balances within short-term borrowing classifications vary based on funding requirements and strategies, interest rate levels, changes in the volume of lower-cost deposit sources, and the availability of collateral to secure these borrowings. average net noninterest-related funds increased $5.1 billion, or 23%, to $26.7 billion in 2020 from $21.6 billion in 2019, primarily resulting from higher levels of demand and other noninterest-bearing deposits and other liabilities, partially offset by other assets. average demand and other noninterest-bearing deposits increased $5.9 billion, or 34%, to $23.4 billion in 2020 from $17.5 billion in 2019. the average rate on total source of funds was 0.16% in 2020 and 0.77% in 2019.
interest expense for interest-bearing deposits in the current year was driven by low and negative interest rates for non-u.s. offices interest-bearing deposits and low interest rates on domestic interest-bearing deposits. average non-u.s. offices interest-bearing deposits comprised 71% of total average interest-bearing deposits for the year ended december 31, 2020.
stockholders' equity averaged $11.2 billion in 2020, compared with $10.6 billion in 2019. the increased stockholders' equity of $544.2 million, or 5%, was primarily attributable to earnings and accumulated other comprehensive income since the prior-year period, partially offset by the repurchase of common stock pursuant to the corporation's share repurchase program, the redemption of preferred stock during the first quarter of 2020, and dividend declarations. during the year ended december 31, 2020, the corporation maintained its quarterly common stock dividend at $0.70 per share and repurchased 3,276,589 shares of common stock, returning $891.8 million in capital to common stockholders, compared to $1.7 billion in 2019.
in july 2018, the board of directors approved a stock repurchase authorization to repurchase up to 25.0 million shares of the corporation's common stock. shares are repurchased by the corporation to, among other things, manage the corporation's capital levels. repurchased shares are used for general purposes, including the issuance of shares under stock option and other incentive plans. the corporation suspended this program on march 16, 2020. subsequent to the corporation suspending its open-market share repurchase program, the only shares repurchased were shares of common stock withheld upon the vesting of share-based compensation to satisfy tax withholding obligations.
beginning in the second quarter of 2020, the federal reserve announced certain measures to ensure that large financial institutions, including northern trust, remain resilient despite the economic uncertainty resulting from the ongoing covid-19 pandemic. specifically, for the third and fourth quarters of 2020, no share repurchases were permitted by these institutions and dividend payments were limited to the amount paid in the second quarter and could not exceed the payor's average net income for the four preceding quarters. on december 18, 2020, the federal reserve again extended its capital distribution limits into the first quarter of 2021 with certain modifications, which include continuing to limit dividend payments based on recent income and limiting share repurchases based on recent income. during the first quarter of 2021, the corporation restarted its share repurchase program in accordance with such limitations. the repurchase authorization approved by the board of directors has no expiration date, thus the corporation retains the ability to resume repurchases thereunder when circumstances warrant and applicable regulations permit. please refer to note 15, "stockholders' equity," provided in item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data."
2020 annual report | northern trust corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations provision for credit losses the corporation adopted asu no. 2016-13 on january 1, 2020, which significantly changed the way impairment of financial instruments is recognized by requiring immediate recognition of estimated credit losses expected to occur over the remaining life of financial instruments. for more information on the adoption of asu 2016-13, please refer to note 2, "recent accounting pronouncements," provided in item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data."
the provision for credit losses was a provision of $125.0 million in 2020, as compared to a credit provision of $14.5 million in 2019. the provision for 2020 primarily reflected an increase in the reserve evaluated on a collective basis. the increase in the collective basis reserve was primarily driven by current and projected economic conditions and downgrades in the portfolio, both resulting from the ongoing covid-19 pandemic and related market and economic impacts, with increases primarily in the commercial and institutional and commercial real estate portfolios. the prior-year credit provision primarily reflected a decrease in the inherent reserve related to the residential real estate portfolio due to a reduction in outstanding loans and improved credit quality and reductions to the specific reserve related to the commercial and institutional and residential real estate portfolios, partially offset by an increase in the inherent reserve related to the private client portfolio due to an increase in outstanding loans and lower credit quality.
net charge-offs in 2020 totaled $3.2 million resulting from $9.7 million of charge-offs and $6.5 million of recoveries, compared to net recoveries of $0.7 million in the prior-year resulting from $6.5 million of charge-offs and $7.2 million of recoveries.
nonaccrual assets at december 31, 2020 increased 53% from the prior year-end. residential real estate, commercial real estate, commercial and institutional, and private client loans accounted for 47%, 31%, 20%, and 2%, respectively, of nonaccrual loans and leases at december 31, 2020. residential real estate, commercial and institutional, commercial real estate, private client, and non-u.s. loans accounted for 85%, 9%, 4%, 1%, and 1%, respectively, of total nonaccrual loans and leases at december 31, 2019. for additional discussion of the allowance for credit losses, refer to the "asset quality" section.
noninterest expense noninterest expense for 2020 increased from 2019, primarily reflecting increased compensation, equipment and software, employee benefits, occupancy, and other operating expense, partially offset by lower outside services. noninterest expense for 2020 included severance-related charges of $55.0 million in connection with a reduction in force, a $43.4 million charge related to a corporate action processing error, and occupancy expense related to an early lease exit arising from a workplace real estate strategy of $11.9 million.
the components of noninterest expense and a discussion of significant changes during 2020 and 2019 are provided below.
table 23: noninterest expense for the year ended december 31,                              change
($ in millions)                               2020                2019                2018       2020 / 2019       2019 / 2018
compensation                        $1,947.1            $1,859.0            $1,806.9                 5     %           3     %
employee benefits                      387.7               355.2               356.7                                   -
outside services                       763.1               774.5               739.4               (1)                 5
equipment and software                 673.5               612.1               582.2                                   5
occupancy                              230.1               212.9               201.1                 8                 6
other operating expense                346.7               329.8               330.6                 5                 -
total noninterest expense           $4,348.2            $4,143.5            $4,016.9                 5     %           3     %
compensation compensation expense, the largest component of noninterest expense, increased in 2020 from 2019, primarily reflecting higher salary expense driven by staff growth and base pay adjustments, $52.5 million of severance-related charges in connection with a reduction in force, and a one-time supplemental payment to certain employees in response to the covid-19 pandemic, partially offset by lower cash-based incentives and long-term performance-based incentive expense. staff on a full-time equivalent basis totaled approximately 20,900 at december 31, 2020, up 6% from approximately 19,800 at december 31, 2019.
employee benefits employee benefits expense in 2020 increased from 2019, primarily reflecting higher retirement plan expenses.
44 2020 annual report | northern trust corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations outside services outside services expense in 2020 decreased from 2019, primarily due to lower data processing and consulting services, partially offset by higher sub-custodian expenses. included in outside services is $2.5 million of outplacement costs associated with the reduction in force.
equipment and software equipment and software expense in 2020 increased from 2019, primarily reflecting higher depreciation and amortization and software support costs.
occupancy occupancy expense in 2020 increased from 2019, primarily reflecting higher rent arising from workplace real estate strategies, including $11.9 million of expense related to an early lease exit, partially offset by an asset retirement obligation reduction resulting from a lease renegotiation.
other operating expense the components of other operating expense are provided in the following table.
table 24: other operating expense for the year ended december 31,                              change
($ in millions)                                   2020              2019              2018       2020 / 2019       2019 / 2018
business promotion                         $59.2            $104.2             $98.3              (43)     %           6     %
staff related                               29.4              42.8              33.6              (31)                27
fdic insurance premiums                     11.8               9.9              27.4                19              (64)
other intangibles amortization              16.9              16.6              17.4                 2               (4)
other expenses                             229.4             156.3             153.9                47                 2
total other operating expense             $346.7            $329.8            $330.6                 5     %           -     %
other operating expense in the current year increased compared to the prior year primarily due to a $43.4 million charge related to a corporate action processing error as well as increases in mutual fund co-administration fees, partially offset by lower business promotion expense due to reduced business travel and lower staff-related expense.
provision for income taxes the 2020 provision for income taxes was $418.3 million, representing an effective rate of 25.7%. this compares with a provision for income taxes of $451.9 million and an effective rate of 23.2% in 2019. the increase in the effective tax rate was primarily driven by $26.8 million of tax expense related to the reversal of tax benefits previously recognized through earnings and higher taxes payable on the income of the corporation's non-u.s. branches.
see note 22, "income taxes," provided in item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data," for more information on income taxes.
reporting segments and related information the following information summarizes our consolidated results of operations by reporting segment for 2020 compared to 2019. for a discussion related to the consolidated results of operations by reporting segment for 2019 compared to 2018, refer to part ii, item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in our 2019 form 10-k, which was filed with the sec on february 25, 2020.
northern trust is organized around its two client-focused reporting segments: c&is and wealth management. asset management and related services are provided to c&is and wealth management clients primarily by the asset management business. the revenue and expenses of asset management and certain other support functions are allocated fully to c&is and wealth management.
reporting segment financial information, presented on an internal management-reporting basis, is determined by accounting systems used to allocate revenue and expense to each segment, and incorporates processes for allocating assets, liabilities, equity and the applicable interest income and expense utilizing a funds transfer pricing (ftp) methodology. under the methodology, assets and liabilities receive a funding charge or credit that considers interest rate risk, liquidity risk, and other product characteristics on an instrument level. equity is allocated to the reporting segments based on a variety of factors including, but not limited to, risk, regulatory considerations, and internal metrics. allocations of capital and certain corporate expense may not be representative of levels that would be required if the segments were independent entities. the accounting policies used for management reporting are consistent with those described in note 1, "summary of significant accounting policies," provided in item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data." transfers of income and expense items are recorded at cost; there is no consolidated profit or loss on sales or transfers between
2020 annual report | northern trust corporation 45
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations reporting segments. northern trust's presentations are not necessarily consistent with similar information for other financial institutions.
effective january 1, 2019, northern trust implemented several enhancements to its ftp methodology, including the allocation of contingent liquidity charges to c&is and wealth management client instruments and products. these methodology enhancements affect the results of each reporting segment. due to the lack of historical information, segment results for periods ended prior to january 1, 2019 have not been revised to reflect the methodology enhancements.
also effective january 1, 2019, revenues, expenses and average assets are allocated to c&is and wealth management, with the exception of non-recurring activities such as certain costs associated with acquisitions, divestitures, litigation, restructuring, and tax adjustments not directly attributable to a specific reporting segment.
for reporting periods ended prior to january 1, 2019, income and expense associated with the wholesale funding activities and investment portfolios of the corporation and the bank, as well as certain corporate-based expense, executive-level compensation and nonrecurring items, were not allocated to c&is and wealth management, and were reported in treasury and other.
reporting segment results are subject to reclassification when organizational changes are made. the results are also subject to refinements in revenue and expense allocation methodologies, which are typically reflected on a prospective basis. the following table presents the earnings and average assets for the corporation.
table 25: consolidated financial information for the year ended december 31,                              change
($ in millions)                                                   2020                  2019                  2018       2020 / 2019       2019 / 2018
noninterest income trust, investment and other servicing fees              $3,995.0              $3,852.1              $3,753.7                 4     %           3     %
foreign exchange trading income                            290.4                 250.9                 307.2                16              (18)
other noninterest income                                   372.2                 292.2                 276.6                27                 6
total noninterest income                                 4,657.6               4,395.2               4,337.5                 6                 1
net interest income(1)                                   1,477.6               1,710.7               1,663.9              (14)                 3
revenue(1)                                               6,135.2               6,105.9               6,001.4                 -                 2
provision for credit losses                                125.0                (14.5)                (14.5)                     n/m           -
noninterest expense                                      4,348.2               4,143.5               4,016.9                 5                 3
income before income taxes(1)                            1,662.0               1,976.9               1,999.0              (16)               (1)
provision for income taxes(1)                              452.7                 484.7                 442.6               (7)                10
net income                                              $1,209.3              $1,492.2              $1,556.4              (19)     %         (4)     %
average assets                                        $136,811.1            $117,551.4            $122,946.6                16     %         (4)     %
(1) non-gaap financial measures stated on an fte basis. the consolidated figures include $34.4 million, $32.8 million, and $41.2 million of fte adjustments for 2020, 2019, and 2018, respectively. a reconciliation of total consolidated revenue, net interest income and net interest margin on a gaap basis to revenue, net interest income and net interest margin on an fte basis, respectively, (each of which is a non-gaap financial measure) is provided on page 85.
corporate & institutional services c&is is a leading global provider of asset servicing and related services to corporate and public retirement funds, foundations, endowments, fund managers, insurance companies, sovereign wealth funds, and other institutional investors around the globe. asset servicing and related services encompass a full range of capabilities including but not limited to: custody; fund administration; investment operations outsourcing; investment management; investment risk and analytical services; employee benefit services; securities lending; foreign exchange; treasury management; brokerage services; transition management services; banking and cash management. client relationships are managed through the bank and the bank's and the corporation's other subsidiaries, including support from locations in north america, europe, the middle east, and the asia-pacific region. the following table summarizes the results of operations of c&is for the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019, and 2018 on a management-reporting basis.
46 2020 annual report | northern trust corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations table 26: c&is results of operations for the year ended december 31,                              change
($ in millions)                                                   2020                2019                2018       2020 / 2019       2019 / 2018
noninterest income trust, investment and other servicing fees              $2,321.6            $2,211.5            $2,173.1                 5     %           2     %
foreign exchange trading income                            276.3               232.2               233.4                19               (1)
other noninterest income                                   222.5               178.2               183.0                25               (3)
total noninterest income                                 2,820.4             2,621.9             2,589.5                 8                 1
net interest income(1)                                     665.5               918.7               992.2              (28)               (7)
revenue(1)                                               3,485.9             3,540.6             3,581.7               (2)               (1)
provision for credit losses                                 38.1                 1.9                 1.9                     n/m           -
noninterest expense                                      2,752.7             2,605.5             2,421.4                 6                 8
income before income taxes(1)                              695.1               933.2             1,158.4              (26)              (19)
provision for income taxes(1)                              174.4               219.4               255.3              (21)              (14)
net income                                                $520.7              $713.8              $903.1              (27)     %        (21)     %
percentage of consolidated net income                         43     %            48     %            58     %
average assets                                        $104,790.6           $87,557.1           $82,996.5                20     %           5     %
(1) non-gaap financial measures stated on an fte basis.
c&is net income net income decreased in 2020 compared to 2019, primarily due to lower net interest income and higher noninterest expense, partially offset by higher noninterest income.
c&is trust, investment and other servicing fees for an explanation of c&is trust, investment, and other servicing fees, please see the "trust, investment, and other servicing fees" section within the consolidated results of operations section of the md&a.
c&is foreign exchange trading income foreign exchange trading income in 2020 increased from 2019, primarily driven by higher client volumes and increased market volatility.
c&is other noninterest income other noninterest income for 2020 increased from 2019, primarily due to security commissions and trading income and other operating income.
c&is net interest income net interest income on an fte basis decreased in 2020 from 2019, due to a lower net interest margin, partially offset by an increase in average earning assets. net interest margin on an fte basis decreased to 0.75% from 1.26%. average earning assets of $94.6 billion, increased $15.5 billion, or 20%, from $79.1 billion in the prior year. the earning assets in c&is consisted primarily of intercompany assets and loans and leases. funding sources were primarily comprised of non-u.s. custody-related interest-bearing deposits, which averaged $60.5 billion in 2020, increased from $54.9 billion in 2019.
c&is provision for credit losses on january 1, 2020, the corporation adopted asu 2016-13. for more information on the adoption, please refer to note 2, "recent accounting pronouncements," provided in item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data." the c&is provision for credit losses was a provision of $38.1 million for 2020 and $1.9 million for 2019. the 2020 provision reflected an increase in the reserve evaluated on a collective basis driven by current and projected economic conditions and downgrades in the portfolio, both resulting from the ongoing covid-19 pandemic and related market and economic impacts on the commercial and institutional portfolio. the 2019 provision reflected an increase to the inherent reserve for outstanding loans due to lower credit quality, partially offset by a decrease to the specific reserve related to standby letters of credit and outstanding loans.
c&is noninterest expense total c&is noninterest expense, which includes the direct expense of the reporting segment, indirect expense allocations for product and operating support, and indirect expense allocations for certain corporate support services, increased in 2020 from 2019. the increase primarily reflects higher expense allocations, including a $43.4 million charge related to a corporate action processing error, higher compensation expense, employee benefits, outside services, and equipment and software expense, partially offset by lower business promotion expense due to reduced business travel and lower staff-related expenses.
2020 annual report | northern trust corporation 47
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations wealth management wealth management focuses on high-net-worth individuals and families, business owners, executives, professionals, retirees, and established privately-held businesses in its target markets. the business also includes the global family office, which provides customized services to meet the complex financial needs of individuals and family offices in the united states and throughout the world with assets typically exceeding $200 million. in supporting these targeted segments, wealth management provides trust, investment management, custody, and philanthropic services; financial consulting; guardianship and estate administration; family business consulting; family financial education; brokerage services; and private and business banking. wealth management is one of the largest providers of advisory services in the united states with assets under custody/administration, assets under custody, and assets under management of $879.4 billion, $875.1 billion, and $347.8 billion, respectively, at december 31, 2020. wealth management services are delivered by multidisciplinary teams through a network of offices in 19 u.s. states and washington, d.c., as well as offices in london, guernsey, and abu dhabi.
the following table summarizes the results of operations of wealth management for the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019, and 2018 on a management-reporting basis.
table 27: wealth management results of operations for the year ended december 31,                              change
($ in millions)                                                 2020                2019                2018       2020 / 2019       2019 / 2018
noninterest income trust, investment and other servicing fees            $1,673.4            $1,640.6            $1,580.6                 2     %           4     %
foreign exchange trading income                           14.1                18.7                 4.2              (25)                     n/m other noninterest income                                 168.0               131.1               102.7                28                28
total noninterest income                               1,855.5             1,790.4             1,687.5                 4                 6
net interest income(1)                                   812.1               792.0               816.5                 3               (3)
revenue(1)                                             2,667.6             2,582.4             2,504.0                 3                 3
provision for credit losses                               86.9              (16.4)              (16.4)                     n/m           -
noninterest expense                                    1,559.7             1,531.6             1,460.0                 2                 5
income before income taxes(1)                          1,021.0             1,067.2             1,060.4               (4)                 1
provision for income taxes(1)                            291.8               271.1               262.1                 8                 3
net income                                              $729.2              $796.1              $798.3               (8)     %           -     %
percentage of consolidated net income                       60     %            53     %            51     %
average assets                                       $32,020.5           $29,994.3           $26,163.7                 7     %          15     %
(1) non-gaap financial measures stated on an fte basis.
wealth management net income wealth management net income decreased in 2020, primarily reflecting a higher provision for credit losses and higher noninterest expense, partially offset by higher revenue.
wealth management trust, investment and other servicing fees for an explanation of wealth management trust, investment, and other servicing fees, please see the "trust, investment, and other servicing fees" section within the consolidated results of operations section of the md&a.
wealth management other noninterest income other noninterest income for 2020 increased from 2019, primarily due to security commissions and trading income, other operating income, and treasury management fees.
wealth management net interest income net interest income on an fte basis for 2020 increased from 2019, primarily attributable to a higher net interest allocation from treasury and other and an increase in earning assets, partially offset by a decrease in the net interest margin. net interest margin on an fte basis decreased to 2.94% from 3.06%. average earning assets of $29.5 billion in 2020, increased $1.5 billion, or 5%, from $28.0 billion in 2019. earning assets and funding sources for the year ended december 31, 2020 were primarily comprised of loans and domestic interest-bearing deposits, respectively.
2020 annual report | northern trust corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations wealth management provision for credit losses on january 1, 2020, the corporation adopted asu 2016-13. for more information on the adoption, please refer to note 2, "recent accounting pronouncements," provided in item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data." the wealth management provision for credit losses was $86.9 million in 2020 as compared to a credit provision of $16.4 million in 2019. the 2020 provision reflected an increase in the reserve evaluated on a collective basis driven by current and projected economic conditions and downgrades in the portfolio, both resulting from the ongoing covid-19 pandemic and related market and economic impacts, primarily impacting the commercial real estate and commercial and institutional portfolios. the 2019 credit provision was primarily driven by a reduction in outstanding loans and improved credit quality in the residential real estate portfolio, which resulted in a reduction of the inherent allowance.
wealth management noninterest expense noninterest expense, which includes the direct expense of the reporting segment, indirect expense allocations for product and operating support, and indirect expense allocations for certain corporate support services, increased in 2020 from 2019. the increase primarily reflects higher expense allocations and employee benefits, partially offset by lower business promotion expense due to reduced business travel.
treasury and other beginning january 1, 2019, treasury and other includes income and expenses associated with non-recurring activities such as certain costs associated with acquisitions, divestitures, litigation, restructuring, and tax adjustments. for reporting periods ended prior to january 1, 2019, income and expense associated with the wholesale funding activities and investment portfolios of the corporation and the bank, as well as certain corporate-based expense, executive-level compensation and nonrecurring items, were not allocated to c&is and wealth management, and are reported in treasury and other. treasury and other information for 2020 and 2019 is not directly comparable to information for 2018 due to the enhanced segment reporting methodology beginning january 1, 2019. also beginning january 1, 2019, net interest income and average assets are allocated to the c&is and wealth management reporting segments.
the following table summarizes the results of operations of treasury and other for the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019, and 2018 on a management-reporting basis.
table 28: treasury and other results of operations for the year ended december 31,   change
($ in millions)                                            2020              2019                2018   2020 / 2019       2019 / 2018
noninterest income                                $(18.3)           $(17.1)               $60.5         n/m               n/m net interest income(1)                                  -                 -             (144.8)         n/m               n/m revenue(1)                                         (18.3)            (17.1)              (84.3)         n/m               n/m noninterest expense                                  35.8               6.4               135.5         n/m               n/m income (loss) before income taxes(1)               (54.1)            (23.5)             (219.8)         n/m               n/m provision (benefit) for income taxes(1)            (13.5)             (5.8)              (74.8)         n/m               n/m net income                                        $(40.6)           $(17.7)            $(145.0)         n/m               n/m percentage of consolidated net income                 (3)     %         (1)     %           (9)     %
average assets                                         $-                $-           $13,786.4         n/m               n/m
(1) non-gaap financial measures stated on an fte basis.
treasury and other noninterest income noninterest income in 2020 decreased from 2019 due to higher expenses for existing swap agreements related to visa inc. class b common shares.
treasury and other noninterest expense noninterest expense in 2020 increased from 2019, primarily due to costs associated with workplace real estate strategies and higher compensation expense related to a one-time supplemental payment to employees in response to the covid-19 pandemic.
2020 annual report | northern trust corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations asset management asset management, through the corporation's various subsidiaries, supports the c&is and wealth management reporting segments by providing a broad range of asset management and related services and other products to clients around the world. investment solutions are delivered through separately managed accounts, bank common and collective funds, registered investment companies, exchange traded funds, non-u.s. collective investment funds, and unregistered private investment funds. asset management's capabilities include active and passive equity; active and passive fixed income; cash management; multi-asset and alternative asset classes (such as private equity and hedge funds of funds); and multi-manager advisory services and products. asset management's activities also include overlay services and other risk management services. asset management operates internationally through subsidiaries and distribution arrangements and its revenue and expense are allocated fully to c&is and wealth management.
at december 31, 2020, northern trust managed $1.41 trillion in assets for personal and institutional clients, including $1.06 trillion for c&is clients and $347.8 billion for wealth management clients. the following table presents consolidated assets under management as of december 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018 by investment type.
table 29: consolidated assets under management by investment type december 31,                              change
($ in billions)                                2020              2019              2018       2020 / 2019       2019 / 2018
equities                                 $733.7            $650.8            $534.2              13     %          22     %
fixed income securities                   204.8             193.8             178.3               6                 9
cash and other assets                     279.9             223.6             207.0              25                 8
securities lending collateral             186.9             163.1             149.9              15                 9
total assets under management          $1,405.3          $1,231.3          $1,069.4              14     %          15     %
assets under management increased at year-end 2020 from year-end 2019. the increase primarily reflected favorable markets and net inflows. the following table presents activity in consolidated assets under management by product during the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018.
table 30: activity in consolidated assets under management by product
($ in billions)                                                                 2020              2019              2018
balance as of january 1                                                 $1,231.3          $1,069.4          $1,161.0
inflows by product equities                                     193.0             193.6             174.7
fixed income                                  65.0              48.1              63.7
cash and other assets                        802.4             551.6             484.3
securities lending collateral                268.8             260.5             165.6
total inflows                                                            1,329.2           1,053.8             888.3
outflows by product equities                                   (212.6)           (205.5)           (179.2)
fixed income                                (68.5)            (49.7)            (72.5)
cash and other assets                      (746.5)           (541.0)           (487.4)
securities lending collateral              (245.0)           (247.3)           (183.3)
total outflows                                                         (1,272.6)         (1,043.5)           (922.4)
net inflows (outflows)                                                      56.6              10.3            (34.1)
market performance, currency &amp; other market performance &amp; other               109.1             151.1            (49.3)
currency                                       8.3               0.5             (8.2)
total market performance, currency &amp; other                             117.4             151.6            (57.5)
balance as of december 31                                               $1,405.3          $1,231.3          $1,069.4
2020 annual report | northern trust corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations consolidated balance sheet review the following tables summarize selected consolidated balance sheet information.
table 31: select consolidated balance sheet information
($ in billions)                                                          december 31, 2020       december 31, 2019                      change assets federal reserve and other central bank deposits and other(1)                 $55.4                   $33.8             $21.6            64   %
interest-bearing due from and deposits with banks(2)                           6.6                     7.0             (0.4)           (5)
securities purchased under agreements to resell                                1.6                     0.7               0.9           126
total securities(3)                                                           61.1                    52.3               8.8            17
loans and leases                                                              33.8                    31.4               2.4             7
total earning assets                                                         158.5                   125.2              33.3            27
total assets                                                                 170.0                   136.8              33.2            24
liabilities and stockholders' equity total interest-bearing deposits                                              100.8                    82.8              18.0            22
demand and other noninterest-bearing deposits                                 43.1                    26.3              16.8            64
federal funds purchased                                                        0.3                     0.6             (0.3)          (53)
securities sold under agreements to repurchase                                   -                     0.5             (0.5)          (92)
other borrowings                                                               4.0                     6.7             (2.7)          (41)
total stockholders' equity                                                    11.7                    11.1               0.6             5
(1)    federal reserve and other central bank deposits and other includes collateral deposits with certain securities depositories and clearing houses for the purpose of presenting earning assets; such deposits are presented in other assets on the consolidated balance sheets.
(2)    interest-bearing due from and deposits with banks includes the interest-bearing component of cash and due from banks and interest-bearing deposits with banks as presented on the consolidated balance sheets.
(3)    total securities includes certain community development investments and federal home loan bank and federal reserve stock, which are classified in other assets on the consolidated balance sheets.
table 32: select average consolidated balance sheet information twelve months ended december 31,
($ in billions)                                                              2020           2019                        change assets federal reserve and other central bank deposits and other(1)           $27.9          $18.5           $9.4             51    %
interest-bearing due from and deposits with banks(2)                     5.4            6.0          (0.6)           (10)
securities purchased under agreements to resell                          1.2            0.8            0.4             50
total securities(3)                                                     56.1           50.7            5.4             11
loans and leases                                                        33.5           31.1            2.4              8
total earning assets                                                   124.1          107.1           17.0             16
total assets                                                           136.8          117.6           19.2             16
liabilities and stockholders' equity total interest-bearing deposits                                         85.1           72.3           12.8             18
demand and other noninterest-bearing deposits                           23.4           17.5            5.9             34
federal funds purchased                                                  1.0            1.3          (0.3)           (23)
securities sold under agreements to repurchase                           0.2            0.3          (0.1)           (36)
other borrowings                                                         6.4            7.8          (1.4)           (17)
total stockholders' equity                                              11.2           10.6            0.6              5
(1)    federal reserve and other central bank deposits and other includes collateral deposits with certain securities depositories and clearing houses for the purpose of presenting earning assets; such deposits are presented in other assets on the consolidated balance sheets.
(2)    interest-bearing due from and deposits with banks includes the interest-bearing component of cash and due from banks and interest-bearing deposits with banks as presented on the consolidated balance sheets.
(3)    total securities includes certain community development investments and federal home loan bank and federal reserve stock, which are classified in other assets on the consolidated balance sheets.
average balances are considered to be a better measure of balance sheet trends, as period-end balances can be impacted by the timing of deposit and withdrawal activity involving large client balances. the current growth in both the period-end and average consolidated balance sheets was primarily driven by higher customer deposit balances.
stockholders' equity. the increase in average stockholders' equity was primarily attributable to earnings and accumulated other comprehensive income since the prior year, partially offset by the repurchase of common stock
2020 annual report | northern trust corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations pursuant to the corporation's share repurchase program, the net redemption of preferred stock during the first quarter of 2020, and dividend declarations. during the first quarter of 2020, proceeds from the series e non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock issuance in the fourth quarter of 2019 were used to fund the redemption of all outstanding shares of the corporation's series c non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock at a redemption price of $400 million, which was $11.5 million in excess of the net carrying value of the shares. the $11.5 million excess is included in preferred stock dividends in the determination of net income available to common shareholders.
the corporation suspended its open-market share repurchase program on march 16, 2020. during the year ended december 31, 2020, the corporation repurchased 3,276,589 shares of common stock, including 532,713 shares withheld related to share-based compensation, at a total cost of $299.8 million ($91.49 average price per share).
beginning in the second quarter of 2020, the federal reserve announced certain measures to ensure that large financial institutions, including northern trust, remain resilient despite the economic uncertainty resulting from the ongoing covid-19 pandemic. specifically, for the third and fourth quarters of 2020, no share repurchases were permitted by these institutions and dividend payments were limited to the amount paid in the second quarter and could not exceed the payor's average net income for the four preceding quarters. on december 18, 2020, the federal reserve again extended its capital distribution limits into the first quarter of 2021 with certain modifications, which include continuing to limit dividend payments based on recent income and limiting share repurchases based on recent income. during the first quarter of 2021, the corporation restarted its share repurchase program in accordance with such limitations.
asset quality securities portfolio the following table presents the remaining maturity and average yield of northern trust's held to maturity and available for sale debt securities by security type as of december 31, 2020.
table 33: remaining maturity and average yield of debt securities held to maturity and available for sale december 31, 2020
total                  one year or less                 one to five years                 five to ten years                    over ten years        average maturity
($ in millions)                                                     book       yield               book          yield               book          yield               book          yield               book   yield debt securities held to maturity u.s. government                                                $90.0           0.06%         $90.0               0.06%            $-                  -%            $-              -    %            $-        -%                    2 mo.
obligations of states and political subdivisions                 2.1            5.47           1.4                5.37           0.7                5.64             -              -                  -        -                    6 mos.
government sponsored agency                                      3.0            4.86           0.5                4.83           1.3                4.85           0.8           4.88                0.4                4.85        60 mos.
other - fixed                                               15,130.6            0.29      11,000.7                0.11       3,572.4                0.76         440.9           0.67              116.6                1.31        13 mos.
- floating                                                   2,565.4            0.42         501.0                0.27       2,032.8                0.46          31.6           0.41                  -        -                   40 mos.
total debt securities held to maturity                     $17,791.1           0.31%     $11,593.6               0.12%      $5,607.2               0.65%        $473.3           0.66    %        $117.0        1.32%               17 mos.
debt securities available for sale u.s. government                                             $2,799.9           1.66%        $303.2               1.86%      $1,767.0               1.72%        $729.7           1.43    %            $-        -%                  39 mos.
obligations of states and political subdivisions             3,083.6            2.10           8.0                1.66         266.8                2.30       2,718.4           2.09               90.4                1.64        90 mos.
government sponsored agency                                 24,956.7            1.40       5,613.6                1.48       9,063.0                1.48       7,793.6           1.26            2,486.5                1.39        60 mos.
asset-backed - fixed                                         3,274.1            2.18         537.4                2.39       2,094.3                1.94         642.4           2.80                  -        -                   30 mos.
asset-backed - floating                                      1,755.2            1.41           0.7                1.31       1,284.6                1.47         372.9           1.55               97.0                0.11        87 mos.
other - fixed                                                5,150.8            1.88         821.7                1.29       3,912.8                0.54         416.3           0.56                  -        -                   32 mos.
- floating                                                   1,001.7            0.62         314.1                0.64         687.6                0.62             -              -                  -        -                   19 mos.
total debt securities available for sale                   $42,022.0           1.57%      $7,598.7               1.51%     $19,076.1               1.67%     $12,673.3           1.51    %      $2,673.9        1.35%               55 mos.
note: yield is calculated on amortized cost and presented on a taxable equivalent basis giving effect to the applicable federal and state tax rates.
2020 annual report | northern trust corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations northern trust maintains a high quality debt securities portfolio. debt securities not explicitly rated were grouped where possible under the credit rating of the issuer of the security. the following tables provide the fair value of debt securities available for sale and amortized cost of debt securities held to maturity by credit rating.
table 34: fair value of debt securities available for sale by credit rating as of december 31, 2020
($ in millions)                                                            aaa   aa                a                 not rated                   total u.s. government                                                   $2,799.9       $-                $-                $-                   $2,799.9
obligations of states and political subdivisions                     918.1       2,165.5           -                 -                     3,083.6
government sponsored agency                                       24,956.7       -                 -                 -                    24,956.7
non-u.s. government                                                  669.8              38.8   5.4                   -           714.0
corporate debt                                                       426.3             790.0       1,123.5       199.8                     2,539.6
covered bonds                                                        453.3       -             24.9              74.9            553.1
sub-sovereign, supranational and non-u.s. agency bonds             1,622.0             566.0   157.8                 -                     2,345.8
other asset-backed                                                 3,947.5       -                 -             50.0                      3,997.5
commercial mortgage-backed                                         1,031.8       -                 -                 -                     1,031.8
total                                                            $36,825.4       $3,560.3          $1,311.6          $324.7              $42,022.0
percent of total                                                        88   %   8             %   3             %   1           %             100   %
the 1% of debt securities available for sale not rated by moody's investors service, standard and poor's or fitch ratings primarily consisted of corporate debt, covered bonds, and other asset-backed securities.
table 35: amortized cost of debt securities held to maturity by credit rating as of december 31, 2020
($ in millions)                                                            aaa   aa                a                 bbb           not rated                     total u.s. government                                                      $90.0       $-                $-                $-            $-                        $90.0
obligations of states and political subdivisions                         -               1.0       -             1.1               -                           2.1
government sponsored agency                                            3.0       -                 -                 -             -                           3.0
non-u.s. government                                                  319.8       1,337.4           6,630.6       48.8              -                       8,336.6
corporate debt                                                         3.8             279.1   305.1                 -             -                         588.0
covered bonds                                                      3,184.6       -                 -                 -             -                       3,184.6
certificates of deposit                                                  -       -                 -                 -         807.2                         807.2
sub-sovereign, supranational and non-u.s. agency bonds             2,590.9       1,057.1           -                 -             -                       3,648.0
other asset-backed                                                   677.0       -                 -                 -             -                         677.0
other                                                                    -       -                 -                 -         454.6                         454.6
total                                                             $6,869.1       $2,674.6          $6,935.7          $49.9         $1,261.8              $17,791.1
percent of total                                                        39   %   15            %   39            %   -         %   7               %           100   %
the 7% of debt securities held to maturity not rated by moody's investors service, standard and poor's or fitch ratings consisted of certificates of deposit with a remaining life of less than six months as well as investments purchased by northern trust to fulfill its obligations under the community reinvestment act (cra). northern trust fulfills its obligations under the cra by making qualified investments for purposes of supporting institutions and programs that benefit low-to-moderate income communities within northern trust's market area.
net unrealized gains within the investment securities portfolio totaled $872.6 million at december 31, 2020, compared to net unrealized gains of $118.9 million as of december 31, 2019. net unrealized gains as of december 31, 2020 were comprised of $981.9 million and $109.3 million of gross unrealized gains and losses, respectively.
as of december 31, 2020, the $42.0 billion debt securities available for sale portfolio had unrealized losses of $26.9 million and $2.8 million related to government-sponsored agency and other asset-backed securities, respectively, which are primarily attributable to changes in market interest rates and credit spreads since their purchase.
as of december 31, 2020, the $17.8 billion debt securities held to maturity portfolio had an unrealized loss of $76.5 million related to other residential mortgage-backed securities, which is primarily attributable to changes in overall market interest rates and credit spreads since their purchase.
as of december 31, 2020, 16% of the corporate debt securities available for sale portfolio was backed by guarantees provided by u.s. and non-u.s. government entities.
for additional information relating to the securities portfolio, refer to note 4, "securities," provided in item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data."
2020 annual report | northern trust corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations northern trust participates in the repurchase agreement market as a relatively low cost alternative for short-term funding. securities purchased under agreements to resell and securities sold under agreements to repurchase are accounted for as collateralized financings and recorded at the amounts at which the securities were acquired or sold plus accrued interest. to minimize any potential credit risk associated with these transactions, the fair value of the securities purchased or sold is monitored, limits are set on exposure with counterparties, and the financial condition of counterparties is regularly assessed. it is northern trust's policy to take possession, either directly or via third-party custodians, of securities purchased under agreements to resell. securities sold under agreements to repurchase are held by the counterparty until the repurchase.
for additional information relating to the securities sold under agreements to repurchase, refer to note 5, "securities purchased under agreements to resell and securities sold under agreements to repurchase," provided in item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data."
loans and leases during 2020, the corporation implemented a change in the classification of certain loans and leases to enhance the consistency of its reporting across various regulatory regimes. as a result, the loan and lease balances as of december 31, 2019 below have been adjusted to conform to the revised presentation. the 2020 adjustments generally reflect reclassification of loans from the commercial real estate class to commercial and institutional, residential real estate, and private client classes. there was no impact on total loans and leases previously reported.
for additional information relating to the loan and leases portfolio, refer to note 6, "loans and leases," and note 8 "concentrations of credit risk" provided in item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data."
the following table presents the remaining maturity of loans and leases by segment and class as of december 31, 2020.
table 36: remaining maturity of loans and leases december 31, 2020
(in millions)                                 total        one year or less       one to five years         five to fifteen         over fifteen years years u.s.:
commercial commercial and institutional          $10,058.3            $3,850.3                $5,635.0                  $566.3                      $6.7
commercial real estate                  3,558.4               470.3                 2,314.4                   769.1                       4.6
lease financing, net                       11.4                   -                       -                    11.4                         -
other                                     288.2               288.2                       -                       -                         -
personal private client                         11,815.1             7,978.6                 3,499.3                   335.3                       1.9
residential real estate                 6,035.7               125.6                   324.4                   910.3                   4,675.4
other                                      49.0                49.0                       -                       -                         -
total u.s.                            $31,816.1           $12,762.0               $11,773.1                $2,592.4                  $4,688.6
non-u.s.:
non-u.s. - commercial                  $1,345.7            $1,203.4                  $142.3                      $-                        $-
non-u.s. - personal                       597.9               469.5                    82.7                    31.8                      13.9
total non-u.s.                         $1,943.6            $1,672.9                  $225.0                   $31.8                     $13.9
total loans and leases                $33,759.7           $14,434.9               $11,998.1                $2,624.2                  $4,702.5
note: non-u.s. loans primarily include short duration exposures related to custodied client investments.
2020 annual report | northern trust corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations table 37: interest rate sensitivity of loans and leases december 31, 2020
(in millions)                                 total           one year         one to five         five to fifteen         over fifteen years or less               years                   years fixed rate:
commercial commercial and institutional             $548.7             $97.6             $392.6                 $57.1                      $1.4
commercial real estate                    190.5              28.0              108.0                  54.5                         -
total commercial                         $739.2            $125.6             $500.6                $111.6                      $1.4
personal private client                           $423.9             $88.9             $239.3                 $94.8                      $0.9
residential real estate                   920.5               3.7               39.8                 570.0                     307.0
total personal                         $1,344.4             $92.6             $279.1                $664.8                    $307.9
total fixed rate                       $2,083.6            $218.2             $779.7                $776.4                    $309.3
variable rate:
commercial commercial and institutional           $9,509.6          $3,752.7           $5,242.4                $509.2                      $5.3
commercial real estate                  3,367.9             442.3            2,206.4                 714.6                       4.6
non-u.s.                                1,345.7           1,203.4              142.3                     -                         -
lease financing, net                       11.4                 -                  -                  11.4                         -
other                                     288.2             288.2                  -                     -                         -
total commercial                      $14,522.8          $5,686.6           $7,591.1              $1,235.2                      $9.9
personal private client                        $11,391.2          $7,889.7           $3,260.0                $240.5                      $1.0
residential real estate                 5,115.2             121.9              284.6                 340.3                   4,368.4
non-u.s.                                  597.9             469.5               82.7                  31.8                      13.9
other                                      49.0              49.0                  -                     -                         -
total personal                        $17,153.3          $8,530.1           $3,627.3                $612.6                  $4,383.3
total variable rate                   $31,676.1         $14,216.7          $11,218.4              $1,847.8                  $4,393.2
total loans and leases                $33,759.7         $14,434.9          $11,998.1              $2,624.2                  $4,702.5
nonaccrual assets and 90 days past due loans during 2020, the corporation implemented changes in the classification of certain loans and leases to enhance the consistency of its reporting across various regulatory regimes. as a result, the loan and lease balances as of december 31, 2019 below have been adjusted to conform to the revised presentation. the 2020 adjustments generally reflect reclassification of loans from the commercial real estate class to commercial and institutional, residential real estate, and private client classes.
nonaccrual assets consist of nonaccrual loans and leases and other real estate owned (oreo). oreo is comprised of commercial and residential properties acquired in partial or total satisfaction of loans. loans that are delinquent 90 days or more and still accruing interest can fluctuate widely at any reporting period based on the timing of cash collections, renegotiations and renewals. for additional information relating to nonaccrual loans, refer to note 6, "loans and leases," provided in item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data."
2020 annual report | northern trust corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following table presents nonaccrual assets and loans that were delinquent 90 days or more and still accruing interest at december 31, 2020 and 2019.
table 38: nonaccrual assets december 31,
($ in millions)                                                                                           2020           2019
nonaccrual loans and leases commercial commercial and institutional                                                                        $26.4           $7.6
commercial real estate                                                                               40.2            3.6
total commercial                                                                                    $66.6          $11.2
personal residential real estate                                                                             $62.2          $71.4
private client                                                                                        2.9            0.5
non-u.s.                                                                                                -            0.5
total personal                                                                                      $65.1          $72.4
total nonaccrual loans and leases                                                                   131.7           83.6
other real estate owned                                                                               0.7            3.2
total nonaccrual assets                                                                            $132.4          $86.8
90 day past due loans still accruing                                                                 $8.9           $7.4
nonaccrual loans and leases to total loans and leases                                                0.39    %      0.27    %
allowance for credit losses assigned to loans and leases to nonaccrual loans and leases               1.4    x       1.3    x nonaccrual assets as of december 31, 2020 increased from december 31, 2019, primarily relating to net increases in the commercial real estate portfolio due to three new nonaccrual loans and the commercial and institutional portfolio primarily due to a new nonaccrual loan, partially offset by a net decrease in the residential real estate portfolio due to net payoffs and charge-offs. in addition to the negative impact on net interest income and the risk of credit losses, nonaccrual assets also increase operating costs due to the expense associated with collection efforts. changes in the level of nonaccrual assets may be indicative of changes in the credit quality of one or more loan classes. changes in credit quality impact the allowance for credit losses through the resultant adjustment of the allowance evaluated on an individual basis and the quantitative and qualitative factors used in the determination of the allowance evaluated on a collective basis within the allowance for credit losses.
allowance for credit losses during 2020, the corporation implemented changes in the classification of certain loans and leases to specific segments to enhance the consistency of its reporting across various regulatory regimes. the allowance for credit losses as of and prior to december 31, 2019 remains unadjusted for these adjustments, as the impact of the reclassification on the allowance was immaterial.
the corporation adopted asu no. 2016-13 on january 1, 2020, which significantly changed the way impairment of financial instruments is recognized by requiring immediate recognition of estimated credit losses expected to occur over the remaining life of financial instruments. for more information on the adoption of asu 2016-13, please refer to note 2, "recent accounting pronouncements," provided in item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data."
the allowance for credit losses - which represents management's best estimate of lifetime expected credit losses related to various portfolios subject to credit risk, off-balance sheet credit exposure, and specific borrower relationships - is determined by management through a disciplined credit review process. northern trust measures expected credit losses of financial assets with similar risk characteristics on a collective basis. a financial asset is measured individually if it does not share similar risk characteristics with other financial assets and the related allowance is determined through an individual evaluation. management's estimates utilized in establishing an appropriate level of allowance for credit losses are not dependent on any single assumption. in determining an appropriate allowance level, management evaluates numerous variables, many of which are interrelated or dependent on other assumptions and estimates, and takes into consideration past events, current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts. the results of the credit reserve estimation methodology are reviewed quarterly by northern trust's credit loss reserve committee, which receives input from credit risk management, treasury, corporate finance, the economic research group, and each of northern trust's business units. the allowance for credit losses related to loans and leases, undrawn loan commitments and standby letters of credit, debt securities held to maturity, and other financial assets, was $190.7 million, $61.1 million, $7.3 million, and $0.8 million, respectively as of december 31, 2020. for additional information relating to the allowance for credit losses and the changes in the allowance for credit losses during the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019 due to charge-offs,
2020 annual report | northern trust corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations recoveries and provisions for credit losses, refer to note 7, "allowance for credit losses," provided in item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data."
the following table shows the net recoveries (charge-offs) to average loans and leases by segment and class at december 31, 2020, 2019, and 2018.
table 39: net recoveries (charge-offs) to average loans and leases
($ in millions)                                                                 2020              2019              2018
net recoveries (charge-offs) to average loans and leases commercial commercial and institutional                                                0.02   %        (0.03)   %          0.02   %
commercial real estate                                                    (0.18)              0.02            (0.02)
total commercial                                                          (0.03)            (0.02)              0.01
personal private client                                                                 -                 -            (0.01)
residential real estate                                                     0.02              0.04            (0.01)
total personal                                                                 -              0.02            (0.01)
total net recoveries (charge-offs) to average loans and leases            (0.01)   %             -   %             -   %
net recoveries (charge-offs)
commercial commercial and institutional                                                $1.8            $(2.6)              $1.4
commercial real estate                                                     (5.7)               0.5             (0.6)
total commercial                                                           (3.9)             (2.1)               0.8
personal private client                                                             (0.5)               0.3             (1.3)
residential real estate                                                      1.2               2.5             (0.6)
total personal                                                               0.7               2.8             (1.9)
total net recoveries (charge-offs)                                        $(3.2)              $0.7            $(1.1)
average loans and leases commercial commercial and institutional                                           $10,347.1          $8,979.9          $9,047.2
commercial real estate                                                   3,253.8           2,918.1           3,072.8
total select commercial                                                 13,600.9          11,898.0          12,120.0
personal private client                                                          11,452.9          10,746.0          10,413.3
residential real estate                                                  6,116.4           6,297.2           7,034.4
total select personal                                                   17,569.3          17,043.2          17,447.7
total select average loans and leases                                  $31,170.2         $28,941.2         $29,567.7
net recoveries (charge-offs) for the following segments were zero and therefore excluded from the above table as the ratio of net recoveries (charge-offs) to average loans and leases is also zero: lease financing, net, other, and non-u.s. the average loans and leases balances were also not provided in the table for lease financing, net, other, and non-u.s.
total average loans and leases for all loan portfolio categories were $33.5 billion, $31.1 billion, and $32.0 billion for the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019, and 2018, respectively.
the sec requires the disclosure of the allowance for credit losses that is applicable to international operations. the disclosure has been prepared in compliance with this disclosure requirement and is used in determining non-u.s. operating performance. the amounts disclosed should not be construed as being the only amounts that are available for non-u.s. loan charge-offs, since the entire allowance for credit losses assigned to loans and leases is available to absorb losses on both u.s. and non-u.s. loans. in addition, these amounts are not intended to be indicative of future charge-off trends. please refer to the following table for the non-u.s. allowance balances.
2020 annual report | northern trust corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following table shows the allowance evaluated on an individual and collective basis for the loans and leases portfolio by segment and class at december 31, 2020 and 2019.
table 40: allocation of the allowance for credit losses december 31,
2020                                                                                                                                                                               2019
($ in millions)                                                               allowance        percent of loans to total loans         allowance        percent of loans to total loans amount                                                   amount evaluated on an individual basis                                            $10.7                               -            %        $6.9                               -            %
evaluated on a collective basis commercial commercial and institutional                                                100.6                              30                     35.3                              29
commercial real estate                                                       70.7                              10                     33.0                              10
lease financing, net                                                          0.4                               -                      0.1                               -
non-u.s.                                                                     17.7                               4                        -                               5
other                                                                           -                               1                      0.2                               1
total commercial                                                            189.4                              45                     68.6                              45
personal residential real estate                                                      28.9                              18                     27.0                              19
private client                                                               20.6                              35                     20.5                              35
non-u.s.                                                                      2.2                               2                        -                               1
other                                                                           -                               -                      1.4                               -
total personal                                                               51.7                              55                     48.9                              55
total allowance evaluated on a collective basis                            $241.1                             100            %      $117.5                             100            %
total allowance for credit losses                                          $251.8                             100            %      $124.4                             100            %
allowance assigned to:
loans and leases                                                           $190.7                                                   $104.5
undrawn commitments and standby letters of credit                            61.1                                                     19.9
total allowance for credit losses                                          $251.8                                                   $124.4
allowance assigned to loans and leases to total loans and leases             0.56     %                                               0.33     %
allowance related to credit exposure evaluated on an individual basis: the allowance is determined through an individual evaluation of loans, leases, and lending-related commitments considered impaired that is based on expected future cash flows, the value of collateral, and other factors that may impact the borrower's ability to pay.
the allowance evaluated on an individual basis for loans and leases increased $3.8 million from $6.9 million at december 31, 2019 to $10.7 million at december 31, 2020, primarily attributable to outstanding loans in the commercial and institutional portfolio, partially offset by a decrease in outstanding loans in the residential real estate portfolio.
allowance related to credit exposure evaluated on a collective basis: expected credit losses are measured on a collective basis as long as the financial assets included in the respective pool share similar risk characteristics. if financial assets are deemed to not share similar risk characteristics, an individual assessment is warranted.
the allowance evaluated on a collective basis for loans and leases increased $123.6 million to $241.1 million at december 31, 2020, compared with $117.5 million at december 31, 2019 under the previous "incurred loss" model, primarily driven by current and projected economic conditions and downgrades in the portfolio, both resulting from the ongoing covid-19 pandemic and related market and economic impacts. the largest increases were in the commercial and institutional and commercial real estate portfolios.
overall allowance: the evaluation of the reserve evaluated on an individual and collective basis resulted in a total allowance for credit losses of $259.9 million at december 31, 2020, compared with $124.4 million at the end of 2019 under the previous "incurred loss" model. the allowance of $190.7 million assigned to loans and leases, as a percentage of total loans and leases, was 0.56% at december 31, 2020, which increased from a $104.5 million allowance assigned to loans and leases, representing 0.33% of total loans and leases at december 31, 2019. allowances assigned to undrawn loan commitments and standby letters of credit totaled $61.1 million and $19.9 million at december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively, and are included in other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets.
2020 annual report | northern trust corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations capital expenditures capital expenditures in 2020 included continued investments to enhance northern trust's software and hardware capabilities, the opening of new offices, and the renovation of several existing offices. capital expenditures for 2020 totaled $560.4 million, of which $424.6 million was for software, $66.6 million was for building and leasehold improvements, $65.4 million was for computer hardware, and $3.8 million was for furnishings. these capital expenditures principally support, enhance, and protect northern trust's investment management, asset servicing and asset management systems and capabilities, and deliver innovative solutions to better serve our clients. additional capital expenditures committed for technology systems will result in future expense for the depreciation of hardware and amortization of software. software amortization and depreciation on computer hardware and machinery are charged to equipment and software expense. depreciation on building and leasehold improvements and on furnishings is charged to occupancy expense and equipment expense, respectively. capital expenditures for 2019 totaled $599.8 million, of which $441.8 million was for software, $77.7 million was for building and leasehold improvements, $73.7 million was for computer hardware, and $6.6 million was for furnishings.
deposits the following table provides the scheduled maturity of total time deposits in denominations of $250,000 or greater at december 31, 2020. for additional information, refer to note 12, "deposits," provided in item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data."
table 41: remaining maturity of time deposits $250,000 or more december 31, 2020
u.s. office   non-u.s. offices
(in millions)                              certificates of deposit   other time                      total
3 months or less                                  $266.1             $205.4                     $471.5
over 3 months through 6 months                      83.6             -               83.6
over 6 months through 12 months                    310.5             -               310.5
over 12 months                                      41.2             -               41.2
total                                             $701.4             $205.4                     $906.8
deposits not insured by the fdic as of december 31, 2020 and 2019 totaled $135.5 billion and $100.9 billion, respectively. these deposit amounts are derived by adding estimated domestic office uninsured deposits as allowed by federal financial institutions examination council instructions to all foreign office deposits. estimated uninsured domestic office deposits are determined by calculating and totaling the deposits in excess of the deposit insurance limit on an individual account basis.
short-term borrowings for additional information relating to short-term borrowings, refer to note 5, "securities purchased under agreements to resell and securities sold under agreements to repurchase," provided in item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data."
geographic area information northern trust's non-u.s. activities are primarily related to its asset servicing, asset management, foreign exchange, cash management, and commercial banking businesses. the operations of northern trust are managed on a reporting segment basis and include components of both u.s and non-u.s. source assets. non-u.s. source assets are not separately identified in northern trust's internal management reporting system. however, northern trust is required to disclose non-u.s. activities based on the domicile of the customer. due to the complex and integrated nature of northern trust's activities, it is difficult to segregate with precision assets between u.s. and non-u.s.-domiciled customers. therefore, certain subjective estimates and assumptions have been made to allocate assets between u.s. and non-u.s. operations.
2020 annual report | northern trust corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following tables present selected average assets and liabilities attributable to non-u.s. operations (based on the obligor's domicile) and the percent of those balances to total consolidated average assets. for additional information refer to note 32, "reporting segments and related information," provided in item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data."
table 42: selected average assets and liabilities attributable to non-u.s. operations
($ in millions)                             2020              2019
total assets                       $26,908.5         $27,240.7
time deposits with banks             3,258.5           3,896.5
loans                                1,742.5           1,721.1
non-u.s. investments                16,018.5          15,420.6
total liabilities                   70,001.5          62,110.3
deposits                            68,828.9          60,419.7
non-u.s. outstandings as used in this discussion, non-u.s. outstandings are cross-border outstandings as defined by the sec. they consist of loans, securities, interest-bearing deposits with financial institutions, accrued interest and other monetary assets. not included are letters of credit, loan commitments, and non-u.s. office local currency claims on residents. non-u.s. outstandings related to a country are net of guarantees given by third parties resident outside the country and the value of tangible, liquid collateral realizable outside the country. however, transactions with branches of non-u.s. banks are included in these outstandings and are classified according to the country location of the non-u.s. bank's head office.
short-term interbank time deposits with non-u.s. banks represent the largest category of non-u.s. outstandings. northern trust actively participates in the interbank market with u.s. and non-u.s. banks.
northern trust places deposits with non-u.s. counterparties that have strong internal (northern trust) risk ratings and external credit ratings. these non-u.s. banks are approved and monitored by northern trust's capital markets credit committee, which has credit authority for exposure to all non-u.s. banks and approves credit limits. this process includes financial analysis of the non-u.s. banks, use of an internal risk rating system and consideration of external market indicators. each counterparty is reviewed at least annually and potentially more frequently based on credit fundamentals or general market conditions. separate from the entity-specific review process, the average life to maturity of deposits with non-u.s. banks is deliberately maintained on a short-term basis in order to respond quickly to changing credit conditions. northern trust also utilizes certain risk mitigation tools and agreements that may reduce exposures through use of collateral and/or balance sheet netting. additionally, the capital markets credit committee oversees country-risk analyses and imposes limits on country exposure. for additional information refer to note 32, "reporting segments and related information," provided in item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data."
statements of cash flows the following discusses the statement of cash flow activities for the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019, and 2018.
table 43: cash flow activity summary for the year ended december 31,
(in millions)                                                           2020                2019                2018
net cash provided by (used in):
operating activities                                          $1,896.8            $2,592.0            $1,767.5
investing activities                                        (29,923.0)           (3,405.0)             4,327.1
financing activities                                          27,871.9               615.9           (5,818.2)
effect of foreign currency exchange rates on cash                 84.6                74.7             (212.9)
change in cash and due from banks                              $(69.7)            $(122.4)               $63.5
operating activities net cash provided by operating activities of $1.9 billion for the year ended december 31, 2020 was primarily attributable to period earnings and the impact of higher non-cash charges such as depreciation and amortization and provision for credit losses.
for the year ended december 31, 2019, net cash provided by operating activities of $2.6 billion was primarily reflecting period earnings and lower net collateral deposited with derivative counterparties.
2020 annual report | northern trust corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations investing activities net cash used in investing activities of $29.9 billion for the year ended december 31, 2020 was primarily attributable to higher levels of deposits with the federal reserve and other central banks, net purchases of debt securities held to maturity, higher levels of loans and leases, and net purchases of debt securities available for sale.
for the year ended december 31, 2019, net cash used in investing activities of $3.4 billion was primarily reflecting higher levels of deposits with the federal reserve and other central banks, net purchases of debt securities available for sale, and the purchase of bank-owned life insurance policies, partially offset by the net proceeds from the maturity and redemption of debt securities held to maturity and lower levels of loans and leases.
financing activities net cash provided by financing activities of $27.9 billion for the year ended december 31, 2020 was primarily attributable to higher levels of total deposits and proceeds from the issuance by the corporation of 1.95% senior notes, partially offset by lower short-term other borrowings, dividends paid on common stock, repayment of the 3.45% senior notes previously issued by the corporation that matured in november 2020, lower securities sold under agreements to repurchase, and the redemption of the series c non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock. the increase in total deposits was primarily attributable to higher levels of non-u.s. office noninterest-bearing deposits, non-u.s. interest-bearing deposits, savings, money market and other interest-bearing deposits, and demand and other noninterest-bearing deposits.
for the year ended december 31, 2019, net cash provided by financing activities of $0.6 billion was primarily reflecting higher levels of total deposits, proceeds from the issuance by the corporation of 3.15% senior notes, and proceeds from the series e non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock issuance, partially offset by lower federal funds purchased, lower short-term other borrowings, and the repurchase of common stock pursuant to the corporation's share repurchase program. the increase in total deposits was primarily attributable to higher levels of savings, money market and other interest-bearing deposits and non-u.s. office noninterest-bearing deposits, partially offset by lower levels of non-u.s. office interest-bearing deposits.
capital management one of northern trust's primary objectives is to maintain a strong capital position to merit the confidence of clients, counterparties, creditors, regulators and stockholders. a strong capital position helps northern trust execute its strategies and withstand unforeseen adverse developments.
senior management, with oversight from the capital governance committee and the full board of directors, is responsible for capital management and planning. northern trust manages its capital on both a total corporation basis and a legal entity basis. the capital committee is responsible for measuring and managing capital metrics against levels set forth within the capital policy approved by the capital governance committee of the board of directors. in establishing the metrics related to capital, a variety of factors are taken into consideration, including the unique risk profiles of northern trust's businesses, regulatory requirements, capital levels relative to peers, and the impact on credit ratings.
capital levels strengthened in 2020 as average stockholders' equity increased $544.2 million, or 5%, reaching $11.2 billion. total stockholders' equity was $11.7 billion at december 31, 2020, as compared to $11.1 billion at december 31, 2019. during 2019, the corporation issued and sold 16 million depositary shares, each representing 1/1,000th ownership interest in a share of series e non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock for proceeds of $391.4 million, net of underwriting discounts, commissions, and other issuance costs. these proceeds were subsequently used to fund the redemption of all outstanding shares of the corporation's series c non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock on january 2, 2020 at a redemption price of $400.0 million, which was $11.5 million in excess of the net carrying value of the shares. the $11.5 million excess is included in preferred stock dividends in the determination of net income available to common shareholders. preferred dividends totaling $44.7 million were declared in 2020. during 2020, the corporation maintained its quarterly common stock dividend of $0.70 per common share. common dividends totaling $592.0 million were declared in 2020. during the year ended december 31, 2020, the corporation repurchased 3.3 million shares of common stock, including 0.5 million shares withheld related to share-based compensation, at an average price per share of $91.49.
2020 annual report | northern trust corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in accordance with basel iii requirements, capital ratios are calculated using both the standardized and advanced approaches. for each ratio, the lower of the result calculated under the standardized approach and the advanced approach serves as the effective ratio for purposes of determining capital adequacy. the following table provides a reconciliation of the corporation's common stockholders' equity to total risk-based capital and its risk-based capital ratios, under the applicable u.s. regulatory rules as of december 31, 2020 and 2019.
table 44: capital adequacy
($ in millions)                                                                                              december 31, 2020                                     december 31, 2019
standardized approach       advanced approach         standardized approach       advanced approach common equity tier 1 capital common stockholders' equity                                                        $10,803.4                 $10,803.4                    $9,817.5                  $9,817.5
goodwill and other intangible assets, net of deferred tax liability                  (775.7)                   (775.7)                     (776.1)                   (776.1)
other                                                                                 (65.5)                    (65.5)                     (142.7)                   (142.7)
total common equity tier 1 capital                                                   9,962.2                   9,962.2                     8,898.7                   8,898.7
additional tier 1 capital preferred stock                                                                        884.9                     884.9                     1,273.4                   1,273.4
other                                                                                 (24.9)                    (24.9)                      (20.1)                    (20.1)
total additional tier 1 capital                                                        860.0                     860.0                     1,253.3                   1,253.3
total tier 1 capital                                                                10,822.2                  10,822.2                    10,152.0                  10,152.0
tier 2 capital qualifying allowance for credit losses                                                 259.9                         -                       124.4                         -
qualifying subordinated debt                                                           949.7                     949.7                     1,099.5                   1,099.5
floating rate capital                                                                   53.9                      53.9                        80.8                      80.8
total tier 2 capital                                                                 1,263.5                   1,003.6                     1,304.7                   1,180.3
total risk-based capital                                                           $12,085.7                 $11,825.8                   $11,456.7                 $11,332.3
risk-weighted assets(1)                                                            $77,662.5                 $74,460.4                   $70,088.3                 $67,526.9
total assets - end of period (eop)                                                 170,003.9                 170,003.9                   136,828.4                 136,828.4
adjusted average fourth quarter assets(2)                                          142,457.6                 142,457.6                   117,165.7                 117,165.7
total loans and leases - eop                                                        33,759.7                  33,759.7                    31,409.6                  31,409.6
common stockholders' equity to:
total loans and leases - eop                                                           32.00         %           32.00       %               31.26         %           31.26       %
total assets - eop                                                                      6.35                      6.35                        7.18                      7.18
risk-based capital ratios common equity tier 1 capital                                                            12.8         %            13.4       %                12.7         %            13.2       %
tier 1 capital                                                                          13.9                      14.5                        14.5                      15.0
total capital (tier 1 and tier 2)                                                       15.6                      15.9                        16.3                      16.8
tier 1 leverage                                                                          7.6                       7.6                         8.7                       8.7
supplementary leverage(3)                                                                          n/a             8.6                                   n/a             7.6
(1) risk-weighted assets exclude, as applicable under each regulatory approach, amounts primarily related to goodwill, certain other intangible assets, and net unrealized gains or losses on securities and reflect adjustments for excess allowances for credit losses that have been excluded from tier 1 and tier 2 capital, if any.
(2) adjusted average fourth quarter assets exclude amounts primarily related to goodwill, other intangible assets, and net unrealized gains or losses on securities.
(3) in november 2019, the federal reserve and other u.s. federal banking agencies adopted a final rule that established a deduction for central bank deposits from the total leverage exposures of custodial banking organizations, including northern trust corporation and the northern trust company, equal to the lesser of (i) the total amount of funds the custodial banking organization and its consolidated subsidiaries have on deposit at qualifying central banks and (ii) the total amount of client funds on deposit at the custodial banking organization that are linked to fiduciary or custodial and safekeeping accounts. the rule became effective on april 1, 2020.
further, on april 1, 2020, the federal reserve issued an interim final rule that requires bank holding companies, including northern trust corporation, to deduct, on a temporary basis, deposits with the federal reserve and investments in u.s. treasury securities from their total leverage exposure. the u.s. treasury securities deduction is applied in addition to the central bank deposits relief referred to above. this rule became effective on april 1, 2020 and will remain in effect through the first quarter of 2021. on may 15, 2020, the u.s. federal banking agencies released an interim final rule that permits insured depository institutions of bank holding companies also to temporarily exclude deposits with the federal reserve and investments in u.s. treasury securities from their total leverage exposure. the northern trust company did not elect to take this deduction.
the supplementary leverage ratios at december 31, 2020 for the northern trust corporation and the northern trust company reflect the impact of these final rules.
2020 annual report | northern trust corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations as of december 31, 2020 and 2019, the corporation's capital ratios exceeded the requirements for classification as "well-capitalized" under applicable u.s. regulatory requirements. as a result of the stress test results published by the federal reserve on june 25, 2020, northern trust's stress capital buffer requirement for the 2020 capital plan cycle was set at 2.5%. the 2020 stress capital buffer became effective october 1, 2020, and results in a common equity tier 1 capital ratio minimum requirement of 7.0%.
further information regarding the corporation's and the bank's capital ratios and the minimum requirements for classification as "well-capitalized" is provided in the "supervision and regulation" section of item 1, "business," and note 33, "regulatory capital requirements," provided in item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data."
as of december 31, 2020, the basel iii regulatory capital items subject to phase-in and phase-out are not material to regulatory capital ratios.
off-balance sheet arrangements commitments, letters of credit, and securities lent with indemnification northern trust, in the normal course of business, enters into various types of commitments and issues letters of credit to meet the liquidity and credit enhancement needs of its clients. the contractual amounts of these instruments represent the potential credit exposure should the instrument be drawn fully upon and the client default. to control the credit risk associated with entering into commitments and issuing letters of credit, northern trust subjects such activities to the same credit quality and monitoring controls as its lending activities.
at december 31, 2020, legally binding commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit to commercial real estate borrowers totaled $252.3 million and $4.5 million, respectively. at december 31, 2019, legally binding commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit to commercial real estate borrowers totaled $301.6 million and $9.2 million, respectively.
additional information about northern trust's off-balance sheet financial instruments is included in note 26, "commitments and contingent liabilities," provided in item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data."
variable interest entities variable interest entities (vies) are defined within gaap as entities which either (1) lack sufficient equity at risk to permit the entity to finance its activities without additional subordinated financial support, (2) have equity investors that lack attributes typical of an equity investor, such as the ability to make significant decisions through voting rights affecting the entity's operations, or the obligation to absorb expected losses or the right to receive residual returns of the entity, or (3) are structured with voting rights that are disproportionate to the equity investor's obligation to absorb losses or right to receive returns, and substantially all of the activities are conducted on behalf of the holder of the equity investment at risk with disproportionately few voting rights. investors that finance a vie through debt or equity interests are variable interest holders in the entity and the variable interest holder, if any, that has both the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the entity's economic performance and, through its variable interest, the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive returns that could potentially be significant to the entity is deemed to be the vie's primary beneficiary and is required to consolidate the vie.
additional information about northern trust's vies is included in note 29, "variable interest entities," provided in item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data."
critical accounting estimates our significant accounting policies are described in note 1, "summary of significant accounting policies," provided in item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data." the use of estimates and assumptions is required in the preparation of financial statements in conformity with gaap and actual results could differ from those estimates. the sec has issued guidance relating to the disclosure of critical accounting estimates. critical accounting estimates are those that require management to make subjective or complex judgments about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain and may change in subsequent periods. changes that may be required in the underlying assumptions or estimates in these areas could have a material impact on northern trust's future financial condition and results of operations.
for northern trust, accounting estimates that are viewed as critical are those relating to the allowance for credit losses and pension plan accounting. management has discussed the development and selection of each critical accounting estimate with the audit committee of the board of directors (audit committee).
2020 annual report | northern trust corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations allowance for credit losses the corporation adopted accounting standards update (asu) no. 2016-13, "financial instruments-credit losses: measurement of credit losses on financial instruments" (asu 2016-13) on january 1, 2020, which significantly changes the way impairment of financial instruments is recognized by requiring immediate recognition of estimated credit losses expected to occur over the remaining life of financial instruments. upon adoption of asu 2016-13, the corporation recorded a $13.7 million increase in the allowance for credit losses with a corresponding cumulative effect adjustment to decrease retained earnings $10.1 million, net of income taxes. for more information on the adoption of asu 2016-13, please refer to note 2, "recent accounting pronouncements," provided in item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data."
the allowance for credit losses - which represents management's estimate of lifetime expected credit losses related to various portfolios subject to credit risk, off-balance sheet credit exposure, and specific borrower relationships - is determined by management through a disciplined credit review process. northern trust measures expected credit losses of financial assets with similar risk characteristics on a collective basis. a financial asset is measured individually if it does not share similar risk characteristics with other financial assets and the related allowance is determined through an individual evaluation.
management's estimates utilized in establishing an appropriate level of allowance for credit losses are not dependent on any single assumption. in determining an appropriate allowance level, management evaluates numerous variables, many of which are interrelated or dependent on other assumptions and estimates, and takes into consideration past events, current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts. due to the inherent imprecision in accounting estimates, other estimates or assumptions could reasonably have been used in 2020 and changes in estimates are reasonably likely to occur from period to period.
the allowance for credit losses consists of the following components:
evaluated on a collective basis: expected credit losses are measured on a collective basis as long as the financial assets included in the respective pool share similar risk characteristics. if financial assets are deemed to not share similar risk characteristics, an individual assessment is warranted.
the allowance estimation methodology for the collective assessment is primarily based on internal loss data specific to the northern trust financial asset portfolio from a historical observation period that includes both expansionary and recessionary periods. the estimation methodology and the related qualitative adjustment framework segregate the loan and lease portfolio into segments based on loan and obligor-specific factors, including loan type, borrower type, collateral type, loan size, and borrower credit quality. for each segment, the probability of default and loss given default are derived for each quarter of the remaining life of each instrument. for the first two years (the reasonable and supportable period), these factors are derived by applying quarterly macroeconomic projections using models developed from historical data on macroeconomic factors and loans with similar factors. for periods beyond the reasonable and supportable period, northern trust reverts to its long-run historical loss experiences on a straight-line basis over four quarters. the exposure at default for every quarter is based on contractual balances as of each quarter-end, with adjustments made for potential draw-downs of revolving lines.
for each of the different parameters, specific credit models for the individual loan segments were developed. for each segment, the probability of default and the loss given default are applied to the exposure at default for each projected quarter to determine the quantitative component of the allowance. the quantitative allowance is then reviewed within the qualitative adjustment framework, through which management applies judgment by assessing internal risk factors, potential limitations in the quantitative methodology, and environmental factors that are not fully contemplated in the forecast to compute an adjustment to the quantitative allowance for each segment of the loan portfolio.
asu 2016-13 requires the use of projected macroeconomic factors. northern trust's current projection period is eight quarters, with a four-quarter straight-line reversion period to historical average loss rates. the corporation uses multiple forecasts which are approved by northern trust's macroeconomic scenario development committee (msdc). the baseline forecast aligns with the corporation's latest thinking on macroeconomic projections for the next eight quarters. the forecasts are weighted at each evaluation period and are management's best estimate of future economic projections at that time.
the allowance estimate is sensitive to changes in portfolio composition and quality, and macroeconomic forecasts. increases in the amount of borrowing and material downgrades to the quality of the lending portfolio will increase the reserve, all else equal. similarly, deteriorating projections for macroeconomic conditions will increase the reserve. macroeconomic factors that are particularly correlated to northern trust's loan and lease portfolio are equity market values, market volatility, corporate profits, house and commercial real estate price indices, unemployment, and disposable income. the investment security and other financial assets exposure portfolios are less sensitive to macroeconomic factors in terms of overall reserve impact due to factors such as high credit quality, short duration, and low historical losses.
2020 annual report | northern trust corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the results of the credit reserve estimation methodology are reviewed quarterly by northern trust's credit loss reserve committee, which receives input from credit risk management, treasury, corporate finance, the economic research group, and each of northern trust's business units. the credit loss reserve committee determines the probability weights applied to each forecast approved by msdc, and also reviews and approves qualitative adjustments to the collective allowance in line with northern trust's qualitative adjustment framework.
evaluated on an individual basis: the allowance is determined through an individual evaluation of financial assets considered impaired that is based on expected future cash flows, the value of collateral, and other factors that may impact the borrower's ability to pay. for impaired loans for which the amount of allowance, if any, is determined based on the value of the underlying real estate collateral, third-party appraisals are typically obtained and utilized by management. these appraisals are generally less than twelve months old and are subject to adjustments to reflect management's judgment as to the realizable value of the collateral.
the quarterly analysis of the individual and collective allowance components and the control process maintained by credit risk management and the lending staff are the principal methods relied upon by management for the timely identification of, and adjustment for, changes in estimated credit loss levels. in addition to northern trust's own experience, management also considers regulatory guidance. control processes and analyses employed to determine an appropriate level of allowance for credit losses are reviewed on at least an annual basis and modified as considered appropriate.
management believes that the allowance for credit losses adequately addresses these uncertainties and has been established at an appropriate level. actual losses may vary from current estimates and the amount of the provision for credit losses may be either greater than or less than actual net charge-offs.
pension plan accounting northern trust maintains a noncontributory defined benefit pension plan covering substantially all u.s. employees (u.s. qualified plan) and a u.s. noncontributory supplemental pension plan (u.s. non-qualified plan). certain european-based employees also retain benefits in local defined benefit pension plans, of which the majority are closed to new employees and to future benefit accruals. measuring cost and reporting liabilities resulting from defined benefit pension plans requires the use of several assumptions regarding future interest rates, asset returns, compensation increases, mortality rates, and other actuarially-based projections relating to the plans. due to the long-term nature of this obligation and the estimates that are required to be made, the assumptions used in determining the periodic pension expense and the projected pension obligation are closely monitored and reviewed annually for adjustments that may be required. pension accounting guidance requires that differences between estimates and actual experience be recognized as other comprehensive income in the period in which they occur. the differences are amortized into net periodic pension expense from accumulated other comprehensive income over the average remaining service period of eligible participants. as a result, differences between the estimates made in the calculation of periodic pension expense and the projected pension obligation and actual experience affect stockholders' equity in the period in which they occur but continue to be recognized as expense systematically and gradually over subsequent periods.
northern trust recognizes the significant impact that these pension-related assumptions have on the determination of the pension obligations and related expense and has established procedures for monitoring and setting these assumptions each year. these procedures include an annual review of actual demographic and investment experience with the pension plans' actuaries. in addition to actual experience, adjustments to these assumptions consider observable yields on fixed income securities, known compensation trends and policies, as well as economic conditions and investment strategies that may impact the estimated long-term rate of return on plan assets.
in determining the pension expense for the u.s. pension plans in 2020, northern trust utilized a discount rate of 3.37% for both the u.s. qualified plan and the u.s. non-qualified plan. the rate of increase in the compensation level is based on a graded schedule from 9.00% to 2.50% that averaged 4.97%. the expected long-term rate of return on u.s. qualified plan assets was 5.25%.
in evaluating possible revisions to pension-related assumptions for the u.s. pension plans as of northern trust's december 31, 2020 measurement date, the following were considered:
•discount rate: northern trust estimates the discount rate for its u.s. pension plans by applying the plan specific projected cash flows for future benefit payments for each plan to the aon aa above median yield curve as of the measurement date. this yield curve is composed of individual zero-coupon interest rates for 198 different time periods over a 99-year time horizon. zero-coupon rates utilized by the yield curve are mathematically derived from observable market yields for aa-rated corporate bonds. this yield curve model referenced by northern trust in establishing the discount rate resulted in a rate of 2.75% and 2.45% at december 31, 2020 for the u.s. qualified and u.s. non-qualified plans, respectively.
2020 annual report | northern trust corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
•compensation level: based on a review of actual and anticipated salary experience, the compensation scale assumption is based on a graded schedule from 9.00% to 2.50% that averages 4.97%.
•rate of return on plan assets: the expected return on plan assets is based on an estimate of the long-term (30 years) rate of return on plan assets, which is determined using a building block approach that considers the current asset mix and estimates of return by asset class based on historical experience, giving proper consideration to diversification and rebalancing. current market factors such as inflation and interest rates are also evaluated before long-term capital market assumptions are determined. peer data and historical returns are reviewed to check for reasonability and appropriateness. as a result of these analyses, northern trust's rate of return assumption for the u.s. qualified plan remains at 5.25% for 2021.
•mortality table: as of december 31, 2020, northern trust has adopted the aggregate pri-2012 mortality table with a 2012 base year, which was released by the society of actuaries in october 2019. northern trust's pension obligations reflect proposed future improvement under scale mp-2020, which was released by the society of actuaries in october 2020. this assumption was updated at december 31, 2020 from improvement scale mp-2019. the updated improvement scale applies to annuity payments only and results in slightly lower projected mortality improvement rates than estimated by the mp-2019 improvement scale. mortality assumptions on lump sum payments remain static and continue to be in line with the irs prescribed table for minimum lump sums in 2021.
net pension expense in 2021 is expected to increase slightly by approximately $1.2 million, primarily driven by the decrease in discount rates in 2020.
in order to illustrate the sensitivity of these assumptions on the expected u.s pension plans' periodic pension expense in 2021 and the projected benefit obligation as of december 31, 2020, the following table is presented to show the effect of increasing or decreasing each of these assumptions by 25 basis points.
table 45: sensitivity of u.s. pension plans assumptions
($ in millions)                                                          25 basis             25 basis point increase       point decrease increase (decrease) in 2021 pension expense discount rate change                                                $(4.4)                 $4.6
compensation level change                                              2.5                (2.5)
rate of return on plan assets change                                 (3.8)                  3.8
increase (decrease) in 2020 projected benefit obligation discount rate change                                                (58.0)                 61.4
compensation level change                                             10.8               (10.4)
pension contributions: the deduction limits specified by the internal revenue code for contributions made by sponsors of defined benefit pension plans are based on a "target liability" under the provisions of the pension protection act of 2006. there were no contributions to the u.s. qualified plan for the 2020 plan year. the minimum required contribution to the u.s. qualified plan is expected to be zero in 2021. the maximum deductible contribution is estimated at $255.0 million for 2021.
fair value measurements the preparation of financial statements in conformity with gaap requires certain assets and liabilities to be reported at fair value. as of december 31, 2020, approximately 25% of northern trust's total assets and approximately 1% of its total liabilities were carried on the consolidated balance sheets at fair value. as discussed more fully in note 3, "fair value measurements," provided in item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data," gaap requires entities to categorize financial assets and liabilities carried at fair value according to a three-level valuation hierarchy. the hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted, active market prices for identical assets and liabilities (level 1) and the lowest priority to valuation techniques that require significant management judgment because one or more of the significant inputs are unobservable in the market place (level 3). approximately 7% of northern trust's assets carried at fair value are classified as level 1. northern trust typically does not hold equity securities or other instruments that are actively traded on an exchange.
approximately 93% of northern trust's assets and 98% of its liabilities carried at fair value are categorized as level 2, as they are valued using models in which all significant inputs are observable in active markets. investment debt
2020 annual report | northern trust corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations securities classified as available for sale make up 97% of level 2 assets with the remaining 3% primarily consisting of derivative financial instruments. level 2 liabilities are comprised solely of derivative financial instruments.
northern trust's level 2 assets include available for sale and trading account securities, the fair values of which are determined predominantly by external pricing vendors. northern trust has a well-established process to validate prices received from pricing vendors as discussed more fully in note 3, "fair value measurements," provided in item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data."
as of december 31, 2020, all derivative assets and liabilities, excluding the swap related to the sale of certain visa class b common shares described below, were classified as level 2 and approximately 95%, measured on a notional value basis, related to client-related and trading activities, predominantly consisting of foreign exchange contracts. derivative instruments are valued internally using widely accepted income-based models that incorporate inputs readily observable in actively quoted markets and reflect contractual terms of contracts. northern trust evaluated the impact of counterparty credit risk and its own credit risk on the valuation of derivative instruments. factors considered included the likelihood of default by northern trust and its counterparties, the remaining maturities of the instruments, net exposures after giving effect to master netting agreements, available collateral, and other credit enhancements in determining the appropriate fair value of derivative instruments. the resulting valuation adjustments are not considered material.
as of december 31, 2020, northern trust's level 3 liabilities consisted of swaps that northern trust entered into with the purchaser of 1.1 million and 1.0 million shares of visa inc. class b common stock (visa class b common shares) previously held by northern trust and sold in june 2016 and 2015, respectively. pursuant to the swaps, northern trust retains the risks associated with the ultimate conversion of the visa class b common shares into shares of visa inc. class a common stock (visa class a common shares), such that the counterparty will be compensated for any dilutive adjustments to the conversion ratio and northern trust will be compensated for any anti-dilutive adjustments to the ratio. the swaps also require periodic payments from northern trust to the counterparty calculated by reference to the market price of visa class a common shares and a fixed rate of interest. the fair value of the swaps are determined using a discounted cash flow methodology. the significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement are northern trust's own assumptions about estimated changes in the conversion rate of the visa class b common shares into visa class a common shares, the date on which such conversion is expected to occur and the estimated growth rate of the visa class a common share price. see "visa class b common shares" under note 26, "commitments and contingent liabilities," provided in item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data," for further information.
while northern trust believes its valuation methods for its assets and liabilities carried at fair value are appropriate and consistent with other market participants, the use of different methodologies or assumptions, particularly as applied to level 3 assets, could have a material effect on the computation of their estimated fair values.
recent accounting pronouncements and developments in january 2020, the financial accounting standards board (fasb) issued asu no. 2020-01, "investments-equity securities (topic 321), investments-equity method and joint ventures (topic 323), and derivatives and hedging (topic 815): clarifying the interactions between topic 321, topic 323, and topic 815" (asu 2020-01). asu 2020-01 addresses two accounting issues: (1) application of the measurement alternative under topic 321 in correlation with the transition into and out of the equity method under topic 323 and (2) the measurement of certain forward contracts and purchased options to acquire equity securities. asu 2020-01 clarifies that an entity applying the measurement alternative under topic 321 that must transition to the equity method under topic 323 because of an observable transaction will remeasure its investment immediately before transition, whereas an entity applying the equity method under topic 323 that must transition to topic 321 because of an observable transaction will remeasure its investment immediately after transition. asu 2020-01 also clarifies that certain forward contracts or purchased call options to acquire equity securities generally will be measured using the fair value principles of topic 321 before settlement or exercise. asu 2020-01 is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after december 15, 2020, although early adoption is permitted. asu 2020-01 is not expected to have a significant impact on northern trust's consolidated balance sheets or consolidated statements of income.
in august 2020, the fasb issued asu no. 2020-06, "debt-debt with conversion and other options (subtopic 470-20) and derivatives and hedging-contracts in entity's own equity (subtopic 815-40): accounting for convertible instruments and contracts in an entity's own equity" (asu 2020-06). asu 2020-06 simplifies the convertible instrument accounting framework through the elimination of the beneficial conversion and cash conversion accounting models used to account for convertible debt and convertible preferred stock. asu 2020-06 also amends the accounting for certain contracts in an entity's own equity that are currently accounted for as derivatives because of specific settlement provisions in accounting standards codification 815-derivatives and hedging. in addition, asu 2020-06 modifies how particular convertible instruments and certain contracts that may be settled in cash or shares impact the diluted earnings per share
2020 annual report | northern trust corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations computation. asu 2020-06 is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after december 15, 2021, although early adoption is permitted. asu 2020-06 is not expected to have a significant impact on northern trust's consolidated balance sheets or consolidated statements of income.
in october 2020, the fasb issued asu no. 2020-08, "codification improvements to subtopic 310-20, receivables-nonrefundable fees and other costs" (asu 2020-08). asu 2020-08 clarifies the codification related to the standard issued in asu no. 2017-08, "receivables-nonrefundable fees and other costs (subtopic 310-20): premium amortization on purchased callable debt securities". asu 2020-08 clarifies that an entity should amortize premiums on purchased callable debt securities to the first call date and related call amount and at that point reassess if there is a remaining premium to amortize to a subsequent call date. asu 2020-08 is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after december 15, 2020, although early adoption is permitted. asu 2020-08 is not expected to have a significant impact on northern trust's consolidated balance sheets or consolidated statements of income.
risk management risk management overview northern trust employs an integrated risk management framework to support its business decisions and the execution of its corporate strategies. the framework provides a methodology to identify, manage and govern both internal and external risks to northern trust, and promotes a culture of risk awareness and good conduct across the organization. northern trust's risk culture encompasses the general awareness, attitude and conduct of employees with respect to risk and the management of risk across all lines of defense within the organization. northern trust cultivates a culture of effective risk management by defining and embedding risk management accountabilities in all employee performance expectations and provides training, development and performance rewards to reinforce this culture.
northern trust's risk management framework contains three inter-related elements, designed to support consistent enterprise risk identification, management and reporting: a comprehensive risk inventory, a static taxonomy of risk categories and a dynamic taxonomy of risk themes. the risk inventory is a detailed register of the risks inherently faced by northern trust. the risk categories and risk themes are classification systems used for classifying and managing the risk inventory and enabling different risk profile views. all identified risks inherent in northern trust's business activities are cataloged into the following risk categories: credit, operational, fiduciary, compliance, market, liquidity, and strategic risk. all material risks are also dynamically cataloged into various risk themes which are defined groupings that share common characteristics, focus on business outcomes and span across risk categories.
northern trust implements its risk management framework through a "three lines of defense" operating model, embedding a robust risk management capability within its businesses. the model, used to communicate risk management expectations across the organization, contains three roles, each with a complementary level of risk management accountability. within this operating model, northern trust's businesses are the first line of defense for protecting it against the risks inherent in its businesses and are supported by dedicated business risk management teams. the risk management function, the second line of defense, sets the direction for northern trust's risk management activities and provides aggregate risk oversight and reporting in support of risk governance. audit services, the third line of defense, provides independent assurance as to the effectiveness of the integrated risk framework.
risk governance and oversight overview risk governance is an integral aspect of corporate governance at northern trust, and includes clearly defined accountabilities, expectations, internal controls and processes for risk-based decision-making and escalation of issues. the following diagram provides a high-level overview of northern trust's risk governance structure, highlighting oversight by the board of directors and key risk-related committees.
table 46: risk governance structure northern trust corporation board of directors audit committee         business risk committee                            capital governance committee        compensation and benefits committee
-cybersecurity risk oversight subcommittee global enterprise risk committee (gerc)
credit risk committee         operational risk committee       fiduciary risk committee         compliance &amp; ethics oversight committee        market &amp; liquidity risk committee        model risk oversight committee
2020 annual report | northern trust corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the board of directors provides oversight of risk management directly and through certain of its committees: the audit committee, the business risk committee, the capital governance committee and the compensation and benefits committee. the board of directors approves northern trust's risk management framework and corporate risk appetite statement. the business risk committee assumes primary responsibility and oversight with respect to credit risk, operational risk, fiduciary risk, compliance risk, market risk, liquidity risk, strategic risk, and associated risk themes. the cybersecurity risk oversight subcommittee of the business risk committee assists the business risk committee in discharging its duties with respect to risks related to cybersecurity inherent in northern trust's businesses. the audit committee provides oversight with respect to financial reporting and legal risk, while the compensation and benefits committee oversees the development and operation of northern trust's incentive compensation program. the compensation and benefits committee annually reviews management's assessment of the effectiveness of the design and performance of northern trust's incentive compensation arrangements and practices in providing incentives that are consistent with northern trust's safety, soundness, and culture. this assessment includes an evaluation of whether northern trust's incentive compensation arrangements and practices discourage inappropriate risk-taking behavior by participants. the capital governance committee assists the board in discharging its oversight duties with respect to capital management and resolution planning activities. among other responsibilities, the capital governance committee oversees northern trust's capital adequacy assessments, forecasting, and stress testing processes and activities, including the annual ccar exercise, and challenges management, as appropriate, on various elements of such processes and activities. accordingly, the capital governance committee provides oversight with respect to northern trust's linkage of material risks to the capital adequacy assessment process.
the chief risk officer (cro) oversees northern trust's management of risk and compliance, promotes risk awareness and fosters a proactive risk management environment wherein risks inherent in the business strategy are identified, understood, appropriately monitored and mitigated. the cro reports directly to the business risk committee and the corporation's chief executive officer. the cro regularly advises the business risk committee and reports to the committee at least quarterly on risk exposures, risk management deficiencies and emerging risks. in accordance with the risk management framework, the cro and the risk management executive leadership team of northern trust, together with the chief financial officer, head of capital and resolution planning, general counsel and chief audit executive, meet as the global enterprise risk committee (gerc) to provide executive management oversight and guidance with respect to the management of the categories of risk and risk themes within northern trust. among other risk management responsibilities, gerc receives reports, escalations, or recommendations from senior risk committees that are responsible for the management of risk, and from time to time may delegate responsibility to such committees for risk issues. senior risk committees include:
the credit risk committee (crc) establishes and monitors credit-related policies and practices throughout northern trust and promotes their uniform application.
the operational risk committee (orc) provides independent oversight and is responsible for setting the operational risk-related policies and developing and implementing the operational risk management framework and programs that support coordination of operational risk activities.
the fiduciary risk committee (frc) is responsible for establishing and reviewing the fiduciary risk policies and establishing the fiduciary risk framework, governance and programs that support the coordination of fiduciary risk activities.
the compliance & ethics oversight committee (ceoc) provides oversight and direction with respect to compliance policies, implementation of the compliance and ethics program, and the coordination of regulatory compliance initiatives across the corporation.
the market & liquidity risk committee (mlrc) oversees activities relating to the management of market and liquidity risks by facilitating a focused review of market and liquidity risk exposures and providing rigorous challenge of related policies, key assumptions, and practices.
the model risk oversight committee (mroc) is responsible for providing management attention, direction, and oversight of the model risk management framework and model risk within northern trust.
in addition to the aforementioned committees, northern trust establishes business and regional risk committees that also report into gerc.
2020 annual report | northern trust corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations risk assessment, appetite and reporting processes as part of the integrated risk framework, northern trust has established key risk identification and risk management processes, embedded within its businesses to enable a risk-informed profile that supports its business decisions and the execution of its corporate strategies. northern trust's risk assessment process consists of a series of programs across the first and second lines of defense that identify, measure, manage and report risks in line with risk appetite and guidelines.
northern trust defines its risk appetite as the aggregate level and types of risk the board of directors and senior management are willing to assume to achieve the corporation's strategic objectives and business plan, consistent with prudent management of risk and applicable capital, liquidity, and other regulatory requirements. it includes consideration of the likelihood and impact of risks, using both monetary loss and non-financial measures across risk themes to monitor against tolerance thresholds and guideline levels that trigger escalation to risk committees, senior management, and the board of directors or committees thereof, as appropriate.
risk control risk control is an internal, independent review function within the risk management function. risk control is managed by the head of risk control and is comprised of model risk management, credit review, global compliance testing and basel independent verification groups, each with its own risk focus and oversight. model risk management is responsible for the implementation and management of the enterprise-wide model risk framework and independently validating new models and reviewing and re-validating existing models. credit review provides an independent, ongoing assessment of credit exposure and related credit risk management processes across northern trust. global compliance testing evaluates the effectiveness of procedures and controls designed to comply with relevant laws and regulations, as well as corresponding northern trust policies governing regulatory compliance activities. lastly, basel independent verification promotes rigor and accuracy in northern trust's ongoing compliance with basel iii requirements and adherence to enhanced prudential standards, including liquidity stress testing. the business risk committee has oversight responsibility with respect to risk control generally as well as each of these groups.
audit services audit services is an independent control function that assesses and validates controls within northern trust's risk management framework. audit services is managed by the chief audit executive with oversight from the audit committee. audit services tests the overall adequacy and effectiveness of the system of internal controls associated with the framework on an ongoing basis and reports the results of these audits directly to the audit committee. audit services includes professionals with a broad range of audit and industry experience, including risk management expertise. the chief audit executive reports directly to the audit committee and the corporation's chief executive officer and is a non-voting member of gerc.
credit risk credit risk is the risk to interest income or principal from the failure of a borrower, issuer, or counterparty to perform on an obligation.
credit risk overview credit risk is inherent in many of northern trust's activities. a significant component of credit risk relates to loans, leases, securities, and counterparty-related exposures. northern trust's loan portfolio differs significantly from those of other large u.s. financial institutions in that northern trust is generally:
•not an originator of loan products to be sold into a secondary market or to be bundled into asset securitizations;
•not an agent bank or syndicator of loans, where risk management is achieved post-close through the sale of participations; and
•not a participant in leveraged financial transactions, such as project finance, private-equity-originated acquisition financing or hedge fund leveraging.
credit risk framework and governance the credit risk management function is the focal point of the credit risk framework and, while independent of the businesses, it works closely with them to achieve the goal of assuring proactive management of credit risk. to monitor and control credit risk, the credit risk management function maintains a framework that consists of policies, standards, and programs designed to promote a prudent relationship-based credit culture. this function also monitors adherence to corporate policies, standards, programs, and external regulations.
the credit risk management function provides a system of checks and balances for northern trust's diverse credit-related activities by monitoring these activities and practices and promoting their uniform application throughout northern trust.
2020 annual report | northern trust corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the credit risk framework provides authorities for approval of the extension of credit. individual credit authority for commercial and personal loans is limited to specified amounts and maturities. credit requests exceeding individual authority because of amount, rating, term or other conditions, are referred to the relevant group credit approval committee. credit decisions involving exposure in excess of these limits require the approval of the senior credit committee. the capital markets credit committee has sole credit authority for the approval, modification, or renewal of credit exposure to all wholesale market counterparties.
the credit risk committee establishes and monitors credit-related policies and programs throughout northern trust and promotes their uniform application. the chief credit officer reports directly to the cro and chairs the crc. independent oversight and review of the credit risk framework also is provided by risk control.
credit risk measurement an integral component of credit risk measurement is northern trust's internal risk rating system. northern trust's internal risk rating system enables identification, measurement, approval and monitoring of credit risk. calculations include entity-specific information about the obligor's or counterparty's probability of default and exposure-specific information about loss given default, exposure at default and maturity.
the credit risk management function is responsible for the ongoing oversight of each model that supports the internal risk-rating system. independent model governance and oversight is further supported by the activities of risk control.
loans and other extensions of credit a significant component of credit risk relates to the loan portfolio, including contractual obligations such as legally binding commitments to extend credit, commercial letters of credit, and standby letters of credit. these contractual obligations and arrangements are discussed in the "off-balance sheet arrangements" section and in note 26, "commitments and contingent liabilities," provided in item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data."
undrawn commitments to extend credit generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses. since a significant portion of the commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amount does not necessarily represent future loans or liquidity requirements. the following table provides information about the industry sector and expiration dates of undrawn commitments to extend credit as of december 31, 2020.
2020 annual report | northern trust corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations table 47: undrawn commitments to extend credit by industry sector as of december 31, 2020                                                                      commitment expiration
($ in millions)                                    total           one year           over one         outstanding commitments           and less               year               loans commercial commercial and institutional finance and insurance                     $4,435.8            $2,454.1           $1,981.7           $3,085.0
holding companies                                -                   -                  -               28.8
manufacturing                              6,945.6             1,061.3            5,884.3            1,422.8
mining                                       785.6               259.5              526.1                5.2
public administration                         98.4                98.4                  -               24.1
retail trade                                 903.1               350.5              552.6              164.0
services                                   6,150.7             2,626.4            3,524.3            4,329.0
transportation and warehousing               283.1                 0.2              282.9              214.2
utilities                                  1,286.2                38.3            1,247.9                7.2
wholesale trade                              749.6               108.4              641.2              427.3
other commercial                             195.2               100.9               94.3              350.7
commercial and institutional(1)           21,833.3             7,098.0           14,735.3           10,058.3
commercial real estate                       252.3                93.0              159.3            3,558.4
lease financing, net                             -                   -                  -               11.4
non-u.s.                                   1,250.2               609.0              641.2            1,345.7
other                                        106.1               106.1                  -              288.2
total commercial                          23,441.9             7,906.1           15,535.8           15,262.0
personal residential real estate                      676.1                91.2              584.9            6,035.7
private client                             4,248.9             3,014.0            1,234.9           11,815.1
non-u.s.                                     571.6               249.2              322.4              597.9
other                                            -                   -                  -               49.0
total personal                             5,496.6             3,354.4            2,142.2           18,497.7
total                                    $28,938.5           $11,260.5          $17,678.0          $33,759.7
(1) commercial and institutional industry sector information is presented on the basis of the north american industry classification system (naics).
as part of northern trust's credit processes, the credit risk management function oversees a range of portfolio reviews that focus on significant and/or weaker-rated credits. this approach allows management to take remedial action in an effort to deal with potential problems. an integral part of the credit risk management function is a formal review of past due and potential problem loans to determine which credits, if any, need to be placed on nonaccrual status or charged off. northern trust maintains a loan portfolio watch list for adversely classified credit exposures that includes all nonaccrual credits as well as other loans with elevated risk of default. independent from the credit risk management function, credit review undertakes both on-site and off-site file reviews that evaluate effectiveness of management's implementation of the credit risk management's requirements.
counterparty credit risk counterparty credit risk for northern trust primarily arises from a variety of funding, treasury, trading and custody-related activities, including over-the-counter (otc) currency and interest rate derivatives, and from indemnified securities lending transactions. credit exposure to counterparties is managed by use of a framework for setting limits by product type and exposure tenor.
to calculate exposure, northern trust treats repurchase agreements, reverse repurchase agreements and indemnified securities lending transactions as repo-style transactions. foreign exchange exposures and interest rate derivatives are treated as otc derivatives. the exposure at default measurement methodology for each eligible type of counterparty credit exposure, including the use of netting and collateral as risk mitigants, is determined based on operational requirements, the characteristics of the contract type and the portfolio size and complexity.
credit risk mitigation northern trust considers cash flow to be the primary source of repayment for client-related credit exposures. however, northern trust employs several different types of credit risk mitigants to manage its overall credit risk in the event cash flow is not sufficient to repay a credit exposure. northern trust broadly groups its risk mitigation techniques into the following three primary categories.
2020 annual report | northern trust corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations physical and financial collateral: northern trust's primary risk mitigation approaches include the requirement of collateral. residential and commercial real estate exposures are typically secured by properly margined mortgages on the property. in cases where loans to commercial or certain wealth management clients are secured by marketable securities, the daily values of the securities are monitored closely to ensure adherence to collateral coverage policies.
netting: on-balance sheet netting is employed where applicable for counterparties with master netting agreements. netting is primarily related to foreign exchange transactions with major banks and institutional clients subject to eligible master netting agreements. northern trust has elected to take the credit risk mitigation capital benefit of netting within its regulatory capital calculation at this time.
guarantees: personal and corporate guarantees are often taken to facilitate potential collection efforts and to protect northern trust's claims relative to other creditors. northern trust has elected not to take the credit risk mitigation capital benefit of guarantors within its regulatory capital calculation at this time.
another important risk management practice is the avoidance of undue concentrations of exposure, such as in any single (or small number of related) obligor/counterparty, loan type, industry, geography, country or risk mitigant. processes are in place to establish limits on certain concentrations and the monitoring of adherence to the limits.
operational risk operational risk is the risk of loss from inadequate or failed internal processes, human factors and systems, or from external events.
operational risk overview operational risk is inherent in each of northern trust's businesses and corporate functions and reflects the potential for inadequate information systems, operating problems, product design and delivery difficulties, potential legal actions, or other catastrophes to result in losses. this includes the potential that continuity of service and resiliency may be impacted.
operational risk includes compliance, fiduciary and legal risks, which under the corporation's risk structure are governed and managed explicitly.
operational risk framework and governance to monitor and control operational risk, northern trust maintains a framework consisting of risk management policies, programs and practices designed to promote a sound operational environment and maintain the corporation's operational risk profile and losses within approved risk appetites and guidelines. the framework is deployed consistently and globally across all businesses and its objective is to identify and measure the factors that influence risk and drive action to reduce future loss events. the operational risk management function is responsible for defining the operational risk framework and providing independent oversight of the framework across northern trust. it is the responsibility of each business to implement the enterprise-wide operational risk framework and business-specific risk management programs to identify, monitor, measure, manage and report on operational risk and mitigate northern trust's exposure to loss. several key programs support the operational risk framework, including:
•loss event data program - a program that collects internal and external loss data for use in monitoring operational risk exposure, various business analyses and a basel advanced measurement approach (ama) capital quantification.
•risk and control self-assessment - a comprehensive, structured risk management process used by northern trust's businesses to identify, measure, monitor and mitigate operational risk exposures throughout the enterprise.
•operational risk scenario analysis - a systematic process of obtaining expert opinions from business managers and risk management experts to derive reasoned assessments of the likelihood of occurrence and the potential loss impact of plausible operational losses.
•product and process risk management program - a program used for evaluating and managing risks associated with the introduction of new and modified noncredit products and services, significant changes to operating processes, and related significant loss events.
•outsourcing risk management program - a program that provides processes for appropriate risk assessment, measurement, monitoring and management of outsourced technology and business process outsourcing.
•information security and technology risk management - a program that communicates and implements risk management processes and controls to address information security, including cyber threats, technology and compliance risks to the organization.
2020 annual report | northern trust corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
•operational resiliency and recovery management program - a program designed to protect life safety, minimize business impact and support the resumption of mission-critical and economic functions for clients following an incident.
•physical security - a program that provides for the safety of northern trust partners, clients, and visitors worldwide.
•insurance management program - a program designed to reduce the monetary impact of certain operational loss events.
as discussed in risk control, model risk management also is part of the operational risk framework.
the orc is responsible for overseeing the activities of northern trust related to the management of operational risk including establishing and maintaining the corporate operational risk policy and approving the operational risk framework and programs. this committee has the expanded role of coordinating operational risk issues related to compliance and fiduciary risks. the purpose of this committee is to provide executive management's insight and guidance to the management of existing and emerging operational risks. this includes identification and assessment of evolving risk trends across the operational risk framework and how these can be best managed.
operational risk measurement northern trust utilizes the ama capital quantification process to estimate required capital for the corporation and applicable u.s. banking subsidiaries. northern trust's ama capital quantification process incorporates outputs from the loss event data, risk and control self-assessment and operational risk scenario analysis programs to derive required capital. business environment factor information is used to estimate loss frequency. the ama capital quantification process uses a loss distribution approach methodology to combine frequency and severity distributions to arrive at an estimate of the potential aggregate loss at the 99.9th percentile of the aggregate loss distribution over a one-year time horizon.
information security and technology risk management effective management of risks related to the confidentiality, integrity and availability of information is crucial in an environment of increasing cyber threat and requires a structured approach to establish and communicate expectations and required practices. northern trust's information security and technology risk management framework includes a comprehensive governance structure and an information security and technology risk management policy and program approved by the business risk committee. the framework is supported by an organizational structure that reflects support from executive management and includes risk committees comprised of members from across the businesses, including the information security and technology risk committee (istrc). the istrc is chaired by the chief information risk officer, who regularly reports to the business risk committee on the status of the information security and technology risk management program.
the governance process, internal controls and risk management practices are designed to keep risk at levels appropriate to northern trust's overall risk appetite and the inherent risk in the markets in which northern trust operates. northern trust employees are responsible for promoting information security as well as adhering to applicable policies and standards and other means provided to them to safeguard electronic information and business systems within their care. training and awareness programs to educate employees on information security are ongoing and include multiple approaches such as mandatory computer-based training, phishing simulations, and the designation of individuals as information security and privacy champions within the businesses. in cases where northern trust relies on vendors to perform services, controls are routinely reviewed for alignment with industry standards and their ability to protect information. any findings identified are remediated following a risk-based approach.
in addition to the various information security controls managed and monitored within the organization, northern trust uses external third-party security teams on a regular basis to assess effectiveness. these teams perform security program maturity assessments, penetration tests, security assessments and reviews of northern trust's susceptibility to cyber-attacks. northern trust operates a global security operations center for threat identification and response. this center aggregates security threat information from systems and platforms across the businesses, and alerts the organization in accordance with its documented cyber incident response plan.
the cyber incident response plan is used to respond to cybersecurity incidents. a cybersecurity incident is defined as an incident caused by damaging activity, which requires actions to prevent and respond to disruptions, denials, compromises or exfiltration that impact the confidentiality, integrity and availability of the assets of northern trust or its clients. the plan provides a streamlined approach that can be invoked rapidly to address matters that raise enterprise concern and to communicate impact, actions and status to senior management, including the chief information security officer and chief information risk officer, and appropriate stakeholders. the plan is designed to work with enterprise-level response plans, and is reviewed, tested, and updated regularly.
2020 annual report | northern trust corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations northern trust's disclosure procedures and controls also address cybersecurity incidents and include elements to ensure that there is an analysis of potential disclosure obligations arising from any such incidents. northern trust also maintains compliance programs to address the applicability of restrictions on securities trading while in possession of material, nonpublic information, including in instances in which such information may relate to cybersecurity incidents.
operational resiliency and recovery management northern trust's operational resiliency approach encompasses operational resiliency and recovery processes enterprise-wide (including staff, technology and facilities) to ensure that following a disaster or business interruption northern trust resumes mission-critical business and economic functions and fulfills all regulatory and legal requirements.
northern trust's operational resiliency mitigation and preventative measures include sophisticated physical security, resilient designs and peer capacity for its corporate data centers, a highly redundant global network, robust network security, resiliency centers that offer alternative workstations, transfer of work and work-from-home programs that provide further capability.
all of northern trust's businesses are required to risk-assess their critical functions regularly and develop business continuity plans covering resource requirements (people, systems, vendor relationships and other assets), arrangements for obtaining these resources and prioritizing the resumption of each function in compliance with corporate standards. the strength of the business continuity programs of all critical third-party vendors to northern trust are reviewed on a regular basis. all of northern trust's businesses test their plans at least annually. the orc annually reviews and presents the corporate business continuity plan to the business risk committee. in 2020, northern trust utilized these business continuity plans to respond to the covid-19 pandemic.
northern trust has also begun exploring the integration of climate-related scenario analyses into its broader risk management program to help align with certain recommendations of the task force on climate related financial disclosures (tcfd). in the context of operational risk, the main focus of these climate-related scenario analyses is on operational resiliency and recovery. conducting such scenario analyses and assessing the magnitude of climate-related financial and non-financial risks and opportunities related to northern trust's global assets is intended to position the organization to navigate uncertain climate futures more effectively.
fiduciary risk fiduciary risks are risks arising from the failure in administering or managing financial and other assets in clients' fiduciary accounts: i) to adhere to a fiduciary standard of care if required under the terms of governing documents or applicable laws; or ii) to properly discharge fiduciary duties. fiduciary status may hinge on the nature of a particular function being performed and fiduciary standards may vary by jurisdiction, type of relationship and governing document.
fiduciary risk overview the fiduciary risk management framework identifies, assesses, measures, monitors and reports on fiduciary risk matters deemed significant. fiduciary risk is mitigated through internal controls and risk management practices that are designed to identify, understand and keep such risk at levels consistent with the organization's overall risk appetite while also managing the inherent risk in each relationship for which northern trust serves in a fiduciary capacity. each business is responsible for complying with all corporate policies and external regulations and for establishing specific procedures, standards and guidelines to manage fiduciary risk within the desired risk appetite.
fiduciary risk framework and governance the frc is responsible for overseeing activities related to the exercise of fiduciary powers throughout the organization and for establishing and reviewing the fiduciary risk policies and the fiduciary risk framework that supports the coordination of activities to identify, monitor, manage and report on fiduciary risk. in addition, the frc serves as an escalation point for significant issues raised by its subcommittees or elsewhere in the organization.
compliance risk compliance risk is the risk of legal or regulatory sanctions, financial loss, or damage to reputation resulting from failure to comply with laws, regulations, rules, other regulatory requirements, or codes of conduct and other standards of self-regulatory organizations applicable to northern trust. compliance risk includes the following two subcategories:
•regulatory risk - risk arising from failure to comply with prudential and conduct of business or other regulatory requirements.
•financial crime risk - risk arising from financial crime (e.g., money laundering, sanctions violations, fraud, insider dealing, theft, etc.) in relation to the products, services, or accounts of the institution, its clients, or others associated with the same.
2020 annual report | northern trust corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations compliance risk framework and governance the compliance risk management framework identifies, assesses, controls, measures, monitors and reports on compliance risk. the framework is designed to minimize compliance risk and maintain an environment in which criminal or regulatory violations do not occur. the framework includes a comprehensive governance structure and a compliance and ethics program approved by the business risk committee.
each business is responsible for the implementation and effectiveness of the compliance and ethics program and specific compliance policies within their respective businesses. each business is responsible for its respective employees' compliance with corporate policies and external regulations and for establishing specific procedures, standards and guidelines to manage compliance risk in accordance with northern trust's compliance and ethics program.
the ceoc establishes and monitors adherence to northern trust's compliance and ethics program. the chief compliance and ethics officer reports to the business risk committee, as appropriate, and chairs the ceoc.
liquidity risk management liquidity risk overview liquidity risk is the risk of not being able to raise sufficient funds or maintain collateral to meet balance sheet and contingent liability cash flow obligations when due, because of firm-specific or market-wide stress events.
northern trust maintains a strong liquidity position and liquidity risk profile. northern trust's balance sheet is primarily liability-driven. that is, the main driver of balance sheet changes comes from changing levels of client deposits, which are generally related to the level of custody assets serviced and commercial and personal deposits and can also be influenced by market conditions. this liability-driven business model differs from a typical asset-driven business model, where increased levels of deposits and wholesale borrowings are required to support, for example, increased levels of lending. northern trust's balance sheet is generally comprised of high-quality assets that are managed to meet anticipated obligations under stress, resulting in low liquidity risk. current elevated levels of client deposits driven by market conditions are actively managed and monitored.
liquidity risk framework and governance northern trust maintains a liquidity risk framework consisting of risk management policies and practices to keep its risk profile within the board-approved corporate risk appetite statement. all liquidity risk activities are overseen by the risk management function, which is independent of the businesses undertaking the activities.
the liquidity management policy and exposure limits for liquidity risk are set by the board, and committee structures have been established to implement and monitor adherence to corporate policies, external regulations and established procedures. limits are monitored based on measures such as the liquidity coverage ratio (lcr) and the liquidity stress-testing buffer across a range of time horizons. treasury, in the first line of defense, proposes liquidity risk management strategies and is responsible for performing liquidity management activities. the asset and liability management committee (alco) provides first line management oversight and is responsible for approving strategies and activities within the risk appetite, monitoring risk metrics, overseeing balance sheet resources, and reviewing reporting such as cash flows, lcr, and stress test results.
the market and liquidity risk management committee (mlrc), in the second line of defense, provides challenge to the first line activities, evaluates compliance with regulatory requirements and process effectiveness, and escalates material items for corrective action. the mlrc provides second line oversight and is responsible for reviewing market and liquidity risk exposures, approving and monitoring risk metrics, and approving key methodologies and assumptions that drive liquidity risk measurement.
liquidity risk analysis, monitoring, and reporting liquidity risk is analyzed and monitored in order to ensure compliance with the approved risk appetite. various liquidity analysis and monitoring activities are employed by northern trust to understand better the nature and sources of its liquidity risks, including: liquidity stress testing, liquidity metric monitoring, collateral management, intraday management, cash flow projections, operational deposit modeling, liquid asset buffer measurement, funds transfer pricing, and contingency funding planning.
the liquidity risk management process is supported through management and regulatory reporting. both northern trust's treasury and market and liquidity risk management functions produce management reports that enable oversight bodies to make informed decisions and support management of liquidity risk within the approved risk appetite. holistic liquidity metrics such as lcr and internal liquidity stress testing are actively monitored, along with a suite of other metrics that provide early warning indicators of changes in the risk profile.
2020 annual report | northern trust corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations regulatory environment northern trust actively follows regulatory developments and regularly evaluates its liquidity risk management framework against proposed rule-making and industry best practices in order to comply with applicable regulations and further enhance its liquidity policies. please refer to "supervision and regulation-liquidity standards" in item 1, "business," for a discussion of applicable liquidity standards.
liquidity coverage ratio (lcr)
the lcr final rule requires covered banking organizations, which include the corporation, to maintain an amount of high-quality liquid assets (hqlas) equal to or greater than 100% of the banking organization's total net cash outflows over a 30 calendar-day standardized supervisory liquid stress scenario. the requirements of the lcr final rule are intended to promote the short-term resilience of the liquidity risk profile of covered banking organizations, improve the banking industry's ability to absorb shocks arising from financial and economic stress, and improve the measurement and management of liquidity risk. the corporation and the bank each satisfied the u.s. liquidity coverage ratio requirements during 2020.
funding northern trust maintains a very liquid balance sheet, with cash and due from banks, deposits with the federal reserve and other central banks, short-term money market assets and investment securities in aggregate representing 73% of total assets as of december 31, 2020. the market value of unencumbered securities at the bank, which include those placed at the federal reserve discount window, totaled $56.8 billion at december 31, 2020.
as the corporation's principal subsidiary encompassing all of northern trust's banking activities, the bank centrally manages liquidity for all u.s. and international banking operations. liquidity is provided by a variety of sources, including client deposits (institutional and personal) from the c&is and wealth management businesses, wholesale funding from the capital markets, maturities of short-term investments, interest earned on investment securities and money market assets, federal home loan bank advances, and unencumbered liquid assets that can be sold or pledged to secure additional funds. while management does not view central bank discount windows as primary sources of liquidity, at december 31, 2020, the bank had over $51.3 billion of securities and loans readily available as collateral to support discount window borrowings. the bank also is active in the u.s. interbank funding market, providing an important source of additional liquidity and low-cost funds.
the liquidity of the corporation is managed separately from that of the bank. the primary sources of cash for the corporation are issuances of debt or equity and dividend payments from the bank. on may 1, 2020, the corporation issued $1.0 billion of 1.95% senior notes, due may 1, 2030. the corporation also received $900.0 million of dividends from the bank in 2020. dividends from the bank are subject to certain restrictions, as discussed in further detail in note 31, "restrictions on subsidiary dividends and loans or advances," provided in item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data."
the corporation's liquidity, defined as the amount of cash and highly marketable assets, was $2.5 billion and $2.6 billion at december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. during, and at year-end, 2020 and 2019, these assets were comprised almost entirely of cash in a demand deposit account at the bank or overnight money market placements, both of which were fully available to the corporation to support its own cash flow requirements or those of its subsidiaries, as needed. average liquidity during 2020 and 2019 was $2.7 billion and $2.0 billion, respectively. the cash flows of the corporation are shown in note 34, "northern trust corporation (corporation only)," provided in item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data."
uses of liquidity liquidity supports a variety of activities, including client withdrawals, purchases of securities, net loan growth, and draws on commitments to extend credit.
the corporation's uses of cash consist mainly of dividend payments to the corporation's stockholders; the payment of principal and interest to note holders; repurchases of its common stock; and investments in, or loans to, its subsidiaries. the most significant uses of cash by the corporation during 2020 were $584.6 million of common stock dividends and $299.8 million of common stock repurchases.
credit ratings a significant source of liquidity for both the corporation and the bank is the ability to draw funding from capital markets globally. the credit ratings of the corporation and the bank as of december 31, 2020, provided in the following table, allow northern trust to access capital markets on favorable terms.
2020 annual report | northern trust corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations table 48: northern trust credit ratings as of december 31, 2020
credit rating standard &amp;       moody's        fitch ratings poor's northern trust corporation:
senior debt                               a+                   a2             a+
subordinated debt                         a                    a2             a+
preferred stock                           bbb+                 baa1           bbb trust preferred capital securities        bbb+                 a3             bbb+
outlook                                   stable               stable         stable the northern trust company:
short-term deposit                        a-1+                 p-1            f1+
long-term deposit/debt                    aa-                  aa2            aa subordinated debt                         a+                   a2             a+
outlook                                   stable               stable         stable a significant downgrade in one or more of these ratings could limit northern trust's access to capital markets and/or increase the rates paid for short-term borrowings, including deposits, and future long-term debt issuances. the size of these rate increases would depend on multiple factors, including the extent of the downgrade, northern trust's relative debt rating compared to other financial institutions, current market conditions, and other factors. in addition, as discussed in note 28, "offsetting of assets and liabilities," provided in item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data," northern trust enters into certain master netting arrangements with derivative counterparties that contain credit-risk-related contingent features in which the counterparty has the option to declare northern trust in default and accelerate cash settlement of net derivative liabilities with the counterparty in the event northern trust's credit rating falls below specified levels. at december 31, 2020, the net maximum amount of these termination payments that northern trust could have been required to pay was $604.2 million. other than these credit-risk-related contingent derivative counterparty payments, northern trust had no long-term debt covenants or other credit-risk-related payments at december 31, 2020, that would be triggered by a significant downgrade in its debt ratings.
contractual obligations the following table shows northern trust's contractual obligations as of december 31, 2020.
table 49: contractual obligations as of december 31, 2020
payment due by period
($ in millions)                               total   one year                     1-3           3-5 years             over 5
and less                   years                                  years senior notes(1)                        $3,122.4       $499.8                $499.6                $-            $2,123.0
subordinated debt(1)                    1,189.3       -                          -             839.8               349.5
floating rate capital debt(1)             277.8       -                          -                 -               277.8
operating leases(2)                       801.5            99.1   178.2                        151.7               372.5
purchase obligations(3)                   710.3           213.9   360.8                        128.8                 6.8
total contractual obligations          $6,101.3       $812.8              $1,038.6          $1,120.3            $3,129.6
note: obligations as shown do not include deposit liabilities or interest requirements on funding sources.
(1) refer to note 13, "senior notes and long-term debt," and note 14, "floating rate capital debt," provided in item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data," for further details.
(2) refer to note 10, "lease commitments," provided in item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data," for further details.
(3) purchase obligations consist of enforceable and legally binding agreements to purchase products or services at specified significant terms.
market risk management there are two types of market risk, interest rate risk associated with the assets and liabilities on the balance sheet, and trading risk. interest rate risk associated with the assets and liabilities on the balance sheet is the potential for movements in interest rates to cause changes in net interest income and the market value of equity. trading risk is the potential for movements in market variables such as foreign exchange and interest rates to cause changes in the value of trading positions.
2020 annual report | northern trust corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations market risk framework and governance northern trust maintains a market risk framework consisting of risk management policies and practices to keep its risk profile within the board-approved corporate risk appetite statement. all market risk activities are overseen by the risk management function, which is independent of the businesses undertaking the activities.
the asset and liability management policy, policy on dealer trading activities, and exposure limits for market risk are set by board-level committees, and committee structures have been established to implement and monitor adherence to corporate policies, external regulations and established procedures. limits are monitored based on measures such as sensitivity of net interest income (nii), sensitivity of market value of equity (mve), and value-at-risk (var) across a range of time horizons.
treasury, in the first line of defense, proposes market risk management strategies and is responsible for performing market risk management activities. the alco provides first line management oversight and is responsible for approving strategies and activities within the risk appetite, monitoring risk metrics, overseeing balance sheet resources, overseeing the execution of strategies, and reviewing reporting such as stress test results.
market and liquidity risk management, in the second line of defense, provides challenge to the first line activities, evaluates compliance with regulatory requirements and process effectiveness, and escalates material items for corrective action. the mlrc provides second line oversight and is responsible for reviewing market risk exposures, establishing and monitoring risk metrics, and approving key methodologies and assumptions that drive market risk measurement.
interest rate risk overview interest rate risk associated with the assets and liabilities on the balance sheet is the potential for deterioration in northern trust's financial position (e.g. interest income, market value of equity, or capital) due to changes in interest rates. nii and mve sensitivity are the primary metrics used for measurement and management of interest rate risk. changes in interest rates can have a positive or negative impact on nii depending on the positioning of assets, liabilities and off-balance sheet instruments. changes in interest rates also can impact the values of assets, liabilities and off-balance sheet positions, which directly impact the mve. to mitigate interest rate risk, the balance sheet is managed so that movements of interest rates on assets and liabilities (adjusted for hedges) are sufficiently correlated, which allows northern trust to manage its interest rate risk within its risk appetite.
there are four commonly recognized types of structural interest rate risk associated with the assets and liabilities on the balance sheet:
•repricing risk, which arises from differences in the maturity and repricing terms of assets and liabilities;
•yield curve risk, which arises from changes in the shape of the yield curve;
•basis risk, which arises from imperfect correlation in the adjustment of the rates earned and paid on different financial instruments with otherwise similar repricing characteristics; and
•embedded optionality risk, which arises from client or counterparty behavior in response to interest rate changes.
interest rate risk analysis, monitoring, and reporting northern trust uses two primary measurement techniques to manage interest rate risk: nii and mve sensitivity. nii sensitivity provides management with a short-term view of the impact of interest rate changes on nii. mve sensitivity provides management with a long-term view of interest rate changes on mve based on the period-end balance sheet.
northern trust limits aggregate interest rate risk (as measured by the nii sensitivity and mve sensitivity simulation techniques) to an acceptable level within the context of risk appetite. a variety of actions may be used to implement risk management strategies to modify interest rate risk including:
•purchase of investment securities;
•sale of investment securities that are classified as available for sale;
•issuance of senior notes and subordinated notes;
•collateralized borrowings from the federal home loan bank; and
•hedging with various types of derivative financial instruments.
2020 annual report | northern trust corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations nii sensitivity the modeling of nii sensitivity incorporates on-balance sheet positions, as well as derivative financial instruments (principally interest rate swaps) that are used to manage interest rate risk. northern trust uses market implied forward interest rates as the base case and measures the sensitivity (i.e., change) of a static balance sheet to changes in interest rates. stress testing of interest rates is performed to include such scenarios as immediate parallel shocks to rates, nonparallel (i.e., twist) changes to yield curves that result in their becoming steeper or flatter, and changes to the relationship among the yield curves (i.e., basis risk).
the nii sensitivity analysis incorporates certain critical assumptions such as interest rates and client behaviors under changing rate environments. these assumptions are based on a combination of historical analysis and future expected pricing behavior. the simulation cannot precisely estimate nii sensitivity given uncertainty in the assumptions. the following key assumptions are incorporated into the nii simulation:
•the balance sheet size and mix remains constant over the simulation horizon with maturing assets and liabilities replaced with instruments with similar terms as those that are maturing, with the exception of certain nonmaturity deposits that are considered short-term in nature and therefore receive a more conservative interest-bearing treatment;
•prepayments on mortgage loans and securities collateralized by mortgages are projected under each rate scenario using a third-party mortgage analytics system that incorporates market prepayment assumptions;
•cash flows for structured securities are estimated using a third-party vendor in conjunction with the prepayments provided by the third-party mortgage analytics vendor;
•nonmaturity deposit pricing is projected based on northern trust's actual historical patterns and management judgment, depending upon the availability of historical data and current pricing strategies/or judgment; and
•new business rates are based on current spreads to market indices.
the following table shows the estimated nii impact over the next twelve months of 100 and 200 basis point ramps upward and 100 basis point ramp downward movements in interest rates relative to forward rates. each rate movement is assumed to occur gradually over a one-year period.
table 50: net interest income sensitivity as of december 31, 2020
($ in millions)                                                              increase/(decrease)
estimated impact on next twelve months of net interest income increase in interest rates above market implied forward rates
100 basis points                                                                  $249
200 basis points                                                                   451
decrease in interest rates below market implied forward rates
100 basis points                                                                  $114
the nii sensitivity analysis does not incorporate certain management actions that may be used to mitigate adverse effects of actual interest rate movement. for that reason and others, the estimated impacts do not reflect the likely actual results but serve as estimates of interest rate risk. nii sensitivity is not comparable to actual results disclosed elsewhere or directly predictive of future values of other measures provided.
mve sensitivity mve is defined as the present value of assets minus the present value of liabilities, net of the value of financial derivatives that are used to manage the interest rate risk of balance sheet items. the potential effect of interest rate changes on mve is derived from the impact of such changes on projected future cash flows and the present value of these cash flows and is then compared to the established limit. northern trust uses current market rates (and the future rates implied by these market rates) as the base case and measures mve sensitivity under various rate scenarios. stress testing of interest rates is performed to include such scenarios as immediate parallel shocks to rates, nonparallel (i.e., twist) changes to yield curves that result in their becoming steeper or flatter, and changes to the relationship among the yield curves (i.e., basis risk).
the mve sensitivity analysis incorporates certain critical assumptions such as interest rates and client behaviors under changing rate environments. these assumptions are based on a combination of historical analysis and future expected pricing behavior. the simulation cannot precisely estimate mve sensitivity given uncertainty in the assumptions. many of the assumptions that apply to nii sensitivity also apply to mve sensitivity simulations, with the following separate key assumptions incorporated into the mve simulation:
80 2020 annual report | northern trust corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
•the present value of nonmaturity deposits are estimated using dynamic decay methodologies or estimated remaining lives, which are based on a combination of northern trust's actual historical runoff patterns and management judgment-some balances are assumed to be core and have longer lives while other balances are assumed to be temporary and have comparatively shorter lives;
•the present values of most noninterest-related balances (such as receivables, equipment, and payables) are the same as their book values; and
•monte carlo simulation is used to generate forward interest rate paths.
the following table shows the estimated impact on mve of 100 and 200 basis point shocks up and a 100 basis point shock down from current market implied forward rates.
table 51: market value of equity sensitivity as of december 31, 2020
($ in millions)                                                           increase/(decrease)
estimated impact on market value of equity increase in interest rates above market implied forward rates
100 basis points                                                                $558
200 basis points                                                                 551
decrease in interest rates below market implied forward rates
100 basis points                                                                $328
the mve simulations do not incorporate certain management actions that may be used to mitigate adverse effects of actual interest rate movements. for that reason and others, the estimated impacts do not reflect the likely actual results but serve as estimates of interest rate risk. mve sensitivity is not comparable to actual results disclosed elsewhere or directly predictive of future values of other measures provided.
foreign currency risk overview northern trust's balance sheet is exposed to nontrading foreign currency risk as a result of its holdings of non-u.s. dollar denominated assets and liabilities, investment in non-u.s. subsidiaries, and future non-u.s. dollar denominated revenue and expense. to manage currency exposures on the balance sheet, northern trust attempts to match its assets and liabilities by currency. if those currency offsets do not exist on the balance sheet, northern trust will use foreign exchange derivative contracts to mitigate its currency exposure. foreign exchange contracts are also used to reduce northern trust's currency exposure to future non-u.s. dollar denominated revenue and expense.
in addition, northern trust provides global foreign exchange (gfx) services to clients. most of these services are provided in connection with northern trust's global custody business. in the normal course of business, northern trust also engages in trading of non-u.s. currencies for its own account. both activities are considered trading activities.
foreign currency trading positions exist when aggregate obligations to purchase and sell a currency other than the u.s. dollar do not offset each other in amount, or offset each other over different time periods. the gfx trading portfolio at northern trust is composed of spot, forward, and non-deliverable foreign currency transactions. for gfx, spot risk is driven primarily by foreign exchange rate (fx) risk, and forward risk is driven primarily by interest rate (ir) risk.
foreign currency risk measurement northern trust measures daily the risk of loss associated with all non-u.s. currency positions using a var model and applying the historical simulation methodology. this statistical model provides estimates, based on high confidence levels, of the potential loss in value that might be incurred if an adverse shift in non-u.s. currency exchange rates were to occur over a small number of days. the model incorporates foreign currency and interest rate volatilities and correlations in price movements among the currencies. var is computed for each trading desk and for the global portfolio.
var measures are computed in a vendor software application which reads foreign exchange positions from northern trust's trading systems each day. data vendors provide foreign exchange rates and interest rates for all currencies. the risk management function monitors on a daily basis var model inputs and outputs for reasonableness.
foreign currency risk monitoring, reporting and analysis northern trust monitors several variations of the gfx var measures to meet specific regulatory and internal management needs. variations include different methodologies (historical simulation, monte carlo simulation and taylor approximation), horizons of one day and ten days, confidence levels of 95% and 99%, subcomponent vars using only fx drivers and only ir drivers, and look-back periods of one year, two years, and four years. those alternative measures provide management an array of corroborating metrics and alternative perspectives on northern trust's market risks.
2020 annual report | northern trust corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations automated daily reports are produced and distributed to business managers and risk managers. the risk management function also reviews and reports several variations of the var measures in historical time series format to provide management with a historical perspective on risk.
the following table presents the levels of total regulatory var and its subcomponents for gfx in the years indicated below, based on the historical simulation methodology, a 99% confidence level, a one-day horizon and equally-weighted volatility. the total var for gfx is typically less than the sum of its two subcomponents due to diversification benefits derived from the two subcomponents.
table 52: global foreign currency value-at-risk
($ in millions)                                                total var                  fx var (fx drivers only)                  ir var (ir drivers only)
(fx and ir drivers)
for the year ended december 31,                   2020              2019                 2020                 2019                 2020                 2019
high                                        $1.8              $0.3                $1.9                 $0.3                 $1.0                 $0.2
low                                            -                 -                   -                    -                    -                    -
average                                      0.3               0.1                 0.1                  0.1                  0.2                  0.1
as of december 31,                           0.3               0.1                 0.3                  0.1                  0.2                  0.1
during 2020, northern trust did not incur an actual gfx trading loss in excess of the daily gfx var estimate. during 2019, northern trust experienced one day of actual gfx trading loss in excess of the daily gfx var estimate.
other nonmaterial trading activities market risk associated with other trading activities is negligible. northern trust's broker-dealer subsidiary, northern trust securities, inc., maintains a small portfolio of trading securities held for customer accommodation purposes, which averaged $1.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2020.
northern trust is also party to interest rate derivative contracts consisting mostly of interest rate swaps and swaptions entered into to meet clients' interest rate risk management needs, but also including a small number of caps and floors. all interest rate derivative transactions are executed by northern trust's treasury department. when northern trust enters into client transactions, its practice is to mitigate the resulting market risk with offsetting interbank derivative transactions with matching terms and maturities.
strategic risk strategic risk is the vulnerability of the organization to internal or external developments that render corporate strategy ineffective or unachievable. the consequences of strategic risk can be diminished long-term earnings and capital, as well as reputational damage to the firm. strategic risk encompasses two main areas:
•macroeconomic and geopolitical risk centers on external events or developments that would have a detrimental impact on financial markets and/or financial services firms.
•business risk arises from internal, secular, competitive, or regulatory trends that impact northern trust's stated strategy or its achievability.
strategic risk framework and governance the corporate strategic risk framework has been developed in conjunction with the corporation's risk appetite and risk management policies, and defines the mission and expectations of the strategic risk management function to identify and analyze the sources and consequences of strategic risk.
this is achieved through participation in the establishment and review of business line strategy, coordination of risk input to the evaluation of key strategic opportunities, and developing and maintaining a risk inventory and set of metrics which attempt to gauge the level of strategic risk within the organization.
in addition, the strategic risk management function maintains the global event response program, which aims to anticipate and prepare for stress scenarios, and provide an outline for responding to them when they occur.
both gerc and the business risk committee are responsible for reviewing the general methods, guidelines and frameworks by which northern trust monitors and evaluates strategic risk.
2020 annual report | northern trust corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations forward-looking statements this report may include statements which constitute "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. forward-looking statements are identified typically by words or phrases such as "believe," "expect," "anticipate," "intend," "estimate," "project," "likely," "plan," "goal," "target," "strategy," and similar expressions or future or conditional verbs such as "may," "will," "should," "would," and "could." forward-looking statements include statements, other than those related to historical facts, that relate to northern trust's financial results and outlook; capital adequacy; dividend policy and share repurchase program; accounting estimates and assumptions; credit quality including allowance levels; future pension plan contributions; effective tax rate; anticipated expense levels; contingent liabilities; acquisitions; strategies; market and industry trends; and expectations regarding the impact of accounting pronouncements and legislation. these statements are based on northern trust's current beliefs and expectations of future events or future results, and involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict and subject to change. these statements are also based on assumptions about many important factors, including:
•the impact of the ongoing covid-19 pandemic-and governmental and societal responses thereto-on northern trust's business, financial condition, and results of operations;
•financial market disruptions or economic recession in the united states or other countries across the globe resulting from any of a number of factors;
•volatility or changes in financial markets, including debt and equity markets, that impact the value, liquidity, or credit ratings of financial assets in general, or financial assets held in particular investment funds or client portfolios, including those funds, portfolios, and other financial assets with respect to which northern trust has taken, or may in the future take, actions to provide asset value stability or additional liquidity;
•the impact of equity markets on fee revenue;
•the downgrade of u.s. government-issued and other securities;
•changes in foreign exchange trading client volumes and volatility in foreign currency exchange rates, changes in the valuation of the u.s. dollar relative to other currencies in which northern trust records revenue or accrues expenses, and northern trust's success in assessing and mitigating the risks arising from all such changes and volatility;
•a decline in the value of securities held in northern trust's investment portfolio, particularly asset-backed securities, the liquidity and pricing of which may be negatively impacted by periods of economic turmoil and financial market disruptions;
•northern trust's ability to address operating risks, including those related to cybersecurity, data security, human errors or omissions, pricing or valuation of securities, fraud, systems performance or defects, systems interruptions, and breakdowns in processes or internal controls;
•northern trust's success in responding to and investing in changes and advancements in technology;
•a significant downgrade of any of northern trust's debt ratings;
•the health and soundness of the financial institutions and other counterparties with which northern trust conducts business;
•uncertainties inherent in the complex and subjective judgments required to assess credit risk and establish appropriate allowances therefor;
•changes in the availability of the london interbank offered rate (libor) or the calculation of alternative interest rate benchmarks;
•the pace and extent of continued globalization of investment activity and growth in worldwide financial assets;
•changes in interest rates or in the monetary or other policies of various regulatory authorities or central banks;
•changes in the legal, regulatory and enforcement framework and oversight applicable to financial institutions, including northern trust;
•increased costs of compliance and other risks associated with changes in regulation, the current regulatory environment, and areas of increased regulatory emphasis and oversight in the united states and other countries, such as anti-money laundering, anti-bribery, and data privacy;
•failure to satisfy regulatory standards or to obtain regulatory approvals when required, including for the use and distribution of capital;
•changes in tax laws, accounting requirements or interpretations and other legislation in the united states or other countries that could affect northern trust or its clients;
•geopolitical risks, risks related to global climate change and the risks of extraordinary events such as pandemics, natural disasters, terrorist events and war, and the responses of the united states and other countries to those events;
•the departure of the united kingdom from the european union, commonly referred to as "brexit," and any negative effects thereof on global economic conditions, global financial markets, and our business and results of operations;
•changes in the nature and activities of northern trust's competition;
2020 annual report | northern trust corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
•northern trust's success in maintaining existing business and continuing to generate new business in existing and targeted markets and its ability to deploy deposits in a profitable manner consistent with its liquidity requirements;
•northern trust's ability to address the complex needs of a global client base and manage compliance with legal, tax, regulatory and other requirements;
•northern trust's ability to maintain a product mix that achieves acceptable margins;
•northern trust's ability to continue to generate investment results that satisfy clients and to develop an array of investment products;
•the effectiveness of northern trust's management of its human capital, including its success in recruiting and retaining the necessary personnel to support business growth and expansion and maintain sufficient expertise to support increasingly complex products and services;
•northern trust's success in implementing its expense management initiatives;
•uncertainties inherent in northern trust's assumptions concerning its pension plan, including discount rates and expected contributions, returns and payouts;
•northern trust's success in continuing to enhance its risk management practices and controls and managing risks inherent in its businesses, including credit risk, operational risk, market and liquidity risk, fiduciary risk, compliance risk and strategic risk;
•risks and uncertainties inherent in the litigation and regulatory process, including the possibility that losses may be in excess of northern trust's recorded liability and estimated range of possible loss for litigation exposures;
•risks associated with being a holding company, including northern trust's dependence on dividends from its principal subsidiary;
•the risk of damage to northern trust's reputation which may undermine the confidence of clients, counterparties, rating agencies, and stockholders; and
•other factors identified elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k, including those factors described in item 1a, "risk factors," and other filings with the sec, all of which are available on northern trust's website.
actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by forward-looking statements. the information contained herein is current only as of the date of that information. all forward-looking statements included in this document are based upon information presently available, and northern trust assumes no obligation to update its forward-looking statements.
2020 annual report | northern trust corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations supplemental information reconciliation to fully taxable equivalent the following table presents a reconciliation of interest income, net interest income, net interest margin, and total revenue prepared in accordance with gaap to such measures on an fte basis, which are non-gaap financial measures. net interest margin is calculated by dividing annualized net interest income by average interest-earning assets. management believes this presentation provides a clearer indication of these financial measures for comparative purposes. when adjusted to an fte basis, yields on taxable, nontaxable and partially taxable assets are comparable; however, the adjustment to an fte basis has no impact on net income.
table 53: reconciliation to fully taxable equivalent for the year ended december 31,
($ in millions)                                           2020                2019                2018
net interest income interest income - gaap                          $1,643.5            $2,499.9            $2,321.4
add: fte adjustment                                 34.4                32.8                41.2
interest income (fte) - non-gaap                $1,677.9            $2,532.7            $2,362.6
net interest income - gaap                      $1,443.2            $1,677.9            $1,622.7
add: fte adjustment                                 34.4                32.8                41.2
net interest income (fte) - non-gaap            $1,477.6            $1,710.7            $1,663.9
net interest margin - gaap                          1.16     %          1.57     %          1.43     %
net interest margin (fte) - non-gaap                1.19     %          1.60     %          1.46     %
total revenue total revenue - gaap                            $6,100.8            $6,073.1            $5,960.2
add: fte adjustment                                 34.4                32.8                41.2
total revenue (fte) - non-gaap                  $6,135.2            $6,105.9            $6,001.4
2020 annual report | northern trust corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations quarterly financial data (unaudited)
the following table presents quarterly financial data for years ended 2020 and 2019.
table 54: quarterly financial data (unaudited)
statements of income                                                                                                                              2020                                                                                2019
($ in millions except per share information)                                     fourth                third               second                first               fourth                third               second                first quarter              quarter              quarter              quarter              quarter              quarter              quarter              quarter trust, investment and other servicing fees                                $1,026.1             $1,003.8               $961.5             $1,003.6               $992.2               $975.5               $955.5               $928.9
other noninterest income                                                     161.4                152.7                172.5                176.0                134.7                144.7                133.7                130.0
net interest income interest income                                                              352.6                355.4                406.3                529.2                576.1                620.8                640.2                662.8
interest expense                                                              18.2                 26.8                 34.2                121.1                155.3                203.1                222.8                240.8
net interest income                                                          334.4                328.6                372.1                408.1                420.8                417.7                417.4                422.0
revenue                                                                    1,521.9              1,485.1              1,506.1              1,587.7              1,547.7              1,537.9              1,506.6              1,480.9
provision for credit losses                                                  (2.5)                  0.5                 66.0                 61.0                (1.0)                (7.0)                (6.5)                    -
noninterest expense                                                        1,151.0              1,094.7              1,036.9              1,065.6              1,072.3              1,036.3              1,006.2              1,028.7
provision for income taxes                                                   132.5                 95.4                 89.9                100.5                105.3                124.0                117.5                105.1
net income                                                                  $240.9               $294.5               $313.3               $360.6               $371.1               $384.6               $389.4               $347.1
preferred stock dividends                                                      4.7                 16.2                  4.8                 30.5                  5.8                 17.4                  5.9                 17.3
net income applicable to common stock                                       $236.2               $278.3               $308.5               $330.1               $365.3               $367.2               $383.5               $329.8
per common share net income - basic                                                           $1.13                $1.32                $1.47                $1.56                $1.71                $1.70                $1.76                $1.49
- diluted                                                                     1.12                 1.32                 1.46                 1.55                 1.70                 1.69                 1.75                 1.48
average balance sheet assets cash and due from banks                                                   $2,434.5             $2,293.3             $2,966.7             $2,723.0             $2,292.6             $2,551.5             $2,784.3             $1,940.7
federal reserve and other central bank deposits and other(1)              29,896.2             31,602.3             30,299.0             19,826.2             17,230.0             17,524.9             19,236.2             20,163.2
interest-bearing due from and deposits with banks(2)                       5,449.0              4,816.1              5,505.7              5,838.1              6,073.9              5,656.5              5,811.9              6,452.2
federal funds sold                                                             0.6                  2.5                  0.1                  5.9                  3.8                  4.6                  5.3                 38.0
securities purchased under agreements to resell                            1,565.8              1,789.8                985.8                661.7                942.1                812.3                645.6                940.1
securities(3)                                                             61,227.4             58,072.1             52,884.4             51,963.2             51,919.0             50,024.9             48,911.2             51,889.3
loans and leases                                                          33,096.1             33,085.2             35,506.7             32,316.2             30,990.8             30,935.9             31,098.9             31,189.4
allowance for credit losses                                                (222.7)              (218.4)              (160.2)              (109.9)              (105.5)              (111.2)              (115.1)              (114.0)
other assets                                                               9,815.1              9,482.5             10,782.4             10,946.1              8,758.6              8,952.7              7,980.6              6,917.8
total assets                                                            $143,262.0           $140,925.4           $138,770.6           $124,170.5           $118,105.3           $116,352.1           $116,358.9           $119,416.7
liabilities and stockholders' equity deposits demand and other noninterest-bearing                                     $26,997.5            $25,202.3            $21,856.7            $19,331.5            $17,462.9            $16,687.3            $17,826.5            $17,858.4
savings, money market, and other                                          24,984.3             24,305.4             24,017.0             20,251.2             18,130.2             17,802.7             15,950.9             14,372.8
savings certificates and other time                                        1,198.3              1,502.1              1,403.6                959.8                919.0                898.9                888.6                761.4
non-u.s. offices - interest-bearing                                       61,943.6             61,834.9             63,592.7             54,543.3             52,925.8             53,631.5             54,679.9             58,377.2
total deposits                                                           115,123.7            112,844.7            110,870.0             95,085.8             89,437.9             89,020.4             89,345.9             91,369.8
federal funds purchased                                                      562.7                275.6              1,181.0              1,916.5                856.6                595.4              1,298.3              2,342.9
securities sold under agreements to repurchase                               183.6                185.3                170.7                334.3                281.0                340.3                394.5                340.7
other borrowings                                                           5,984.4              6,167.8              6,008.4              7,450.6              7,632.9              7,833.1              7,734.8              7,810.4
senior notes                                                               3,315.4              3,666.3              3,332.9              2,615.1              2,584.6              2,587.7              2,361.4              2,014.1
long-term debt                                                             1,190.9              1,199.0              1,198.3              1,168.7              1,154.0              1,156.7              1,131.6              1,112.9
floating rate capital debt                                                   277.8                277.7                277.7                277.7                277.7                277.7                277.6                277.6
other liabilities                                                          5,090.4              4,906.1              4,690.2              4,534.8              4,948.0              3,853.0              3,276.7              3,719.5
stockholders' equity                                                      11,533.1             11,402.9             11,041.4             10,787.0             10,932.6             10,687.8             10,538.1             10,428.8
total liabilities and stockholders' equity                              $143,262.0           $140,925.4           $138,770.6           $124,170.5           $118,105.3           $116,352.1           $116,358.9           $119,416.7
(1) federal reserve and other central bank deposits and other includes collateral deposits with certain securities depositories and clearing houses, which are classified in other assets on the consolidated balance sheets as of december 31, 2020, and 2019.
(2) interest-bearing due from and deposits with banks includes the interest-bearing component of cash and due from banks and interest-bearing deposits with banks as presented on the consolidated balance sheets as of december 31, 2020, and 2019..
(3) securities include federal reserve and federal home loan bank stock and certain community development investments which are classified in other assets on the consolidated balance sheets as of december 31, 2020 and 2019.
2020 annual report | northern trust corporation
