item 1a. risk factors you should carefully consider the following risks and other information in this annual report on form 10-k in evaluating the company and its common stock. any of the following risks, or other risks or uncertainties not presently known or currently deemed immaterial, could materially and adversely affect the company's business, results of operations or financial condition, and could, in turn, impact the trading price of the company's common stock.
the ongoing novel coronavirus (covid-19) pandemic and other similar epidemics, pandemics or widespread health crises could have a material adverse effect on the company's business, results of operations, cash flows and financial position.
the ongoing covid-19 outbreak and other similar epidemics, pandemics or widespread health crises, and the resulting responses of governments, businesses and consumers, could have a material adverse effect on the company's business, results of operations, cash flows and financial position. the covid-19 pandemic has led to the implementation of unprecedented and wide-ranging measures by international, federal, state and local public health and governmental authorities to contain and combat the outbreak and spread of the virus, including quarantines, shelter-in-place and other social distancing orders, event cancellations, travel restrictions, school shutdowns and orders for many businesses to curtail or cease normal operations. the impact of the covid-19 pandemic and measures to prevent its spread have, in turn, created significant economic volatility, uncertainty and disruption and have subjected the company's businesses to a number of risks, including, but not limited to, the following:
•lower revenue and profitability. advertising revenues have been, and are expected to continue to be, adversely impacted by the recent economic downturn resulting from the covid-19 pandemic and reduced spending by advertisers, particularly in the travel, retail, entertainment and real estate industries. business curtailments, closures and other operational changes and shelter-in-place orders have also caused, and may continue to cause, a decline in, among other things, new listing and other real estate revenues, sales of print books and newspapers, live journalism event revenues and commercial subscription revenues and new subscriber acquisitions at the subscription video services segment. subscription revenues from broadcast and kayo subscribers in the subscription video services segment have also been, and may continue to be, adversely affected by the cancellation or postponement of sports events for which the company has broadcast rights and other disruptions in the creation and availability of film and television programming caused by covid-19. in addition, profitability in future periods may be adversely impacted even though some previously postponed events have restarted, as the company has resumed recognizing programming amortization expense for those events but may not generate sufficient incremental subscription and advertising revenues to offset these costs and compensate for prior losses. it is possible in some cases that revenue and/or profitability may not return to pre-pandemic levels.
while the company has seen growth in some areas of its business during the covid-19 pandemic, including digital subscribers at its newspaper businesses and e-book sales at its book publishing segment, driven in part by the current news environment and other pandemic-related circumstances, this growth may not be sustainable, particularly in the event of a prolonged economic downturn.
•disruptions in the company's supply chain. the company's supply chain, including its printing facilities, as well as the printing, manufacturing and other facilities and operations of its third-party suppliers and vendors, may be disrupted by facility closures, reductions in operating hours, labor shortages and changes in operating procedures. similarly, the covid-19 pandemic may negatively affect the company's distribution and logistics providers' ability to operate or increase their operating costs. economic disruption and uncertainty may also cause the company's suppliers, vendors and distribution and logistics providers to experience financial difficulties and result in volatility in paper and other input costs. these supply chain effects may have an adverse effect on the company's ability to meet consumer demand and could result in an increase in its costs of production and distribution.
•efforts to address and mitigate the adverse impacts of covid-19 may not be successful and may result in the incurrence of costs and/or negatively impact the company's revenues. the company is devoting substantial time and resources to addressing and mitigating the effect of covid-19. these efforts, including operational changes, measures to reduce variable costs and the implementation of cost-savings initiatives across its businesses, may divert resources and the attention of the company's senior management from other aspects of the company's operations, including previously planned initiatives. operational changes and cost containment measures such as workforce reductions and the shift to digital-only editions for certain local australian newspapers have caused, and may continue to cause, the company to incur restructuring and other costs, while business support measures, including re-list and re-upgrade offers for new listings and price concessions at the digital real estate services segment, have adversely affected, and may continue to adversely affect, revenues. there can be no assurance that any efforts taken by the company to address and/or mitigate the impact of covid-19 will be successful or substantially offset declines in revenues.
•adverse workforce impacts. the company's operations may be adversely affected if a substantial number of employees or key personnel become ill or are quarantined as a result of covid-19. the company has instituted remote working arrangements for a substantial majority of its employees in order to protect their well-being and comply with applicable regulations and guidance. however, there is no certainty that such measures will mitigate the risks posed by covid-19, and an extended period of remote work arrangements could strain the company's business continuity plans, introduce operational risk, including but not limited to cybersecurity risks or risks to the effectiveness of the company's internal controls, and adversely affect the company's productivity and ability to manage its business and perform critical functions.
the ultimate impact of the covid-19 pandemic, including the extent of adverse impacts on the company's business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition, will depend on, among other things, the severity, duration, spread and any reoccurrence of the pandemic, the impact of governmental actions and business and consumer behavior in response to the pandemic, the effectiveness of actions taken to contain or mitigate the outbreak and prevent or limit any reoccurrence, the resulting global economic conditions and how quickly and to what extent normal economic and operating conditions can resume, all of which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. the evolving and uncertain nature of this situation makes it challenging for management to estimate the future performance of the company's business, including the supply and demand for the company's products and services, its cash flows, its advertising revenues, the impact on the delivery of programming and associated payments and the collectability of receivables. however, the covid-19 pandemic has adversely affected, and may continue to adversely affect, the company's business and results of operations, as described above, and could have a material adverse impact on the company's business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition, particularly over the near to medium term. any such adverse impact or any continued weakness in economic conditions and/or further disruptions in the global financial and capital markets could in turn make it more difficult for certain of the company's operating subsidiaries to comply with the financial and other covenants relating to their existing indebtedness, impact the availability and cost of additional financing, lead to significant and adverse exchange rate fluctuations, result in additional impairments in the value of the company's assets and additional valuation allowances on the company's deferred tax assets or cause further declines in the company's stock price. in addition, the covid-19 pandemic will amplify many of the other risk factors disclosed elsewhere in this "item 1a. risk factors."
the company operates in a highly competitive business environment, and its success depends on its ability to compete effectively.
the company faces significant competition from other sources of news, information and entertainment, including both traditional and new content providers. this competition continues to intensify as a result of rapid changes in technologies, platforms and business models, and the company may be adversely affected if consumers or customers migrate to other alternatives. for example, advertising and circulation revenues at the company's newspaper businesses may continue to decline, reflecting consumers' increasing reliance on a variety of content providers and platforms, including search engines, news aggregation websites, social media networks and customized news feeds, for the delivery of news and information, often without charge. in addition, due to the increased availability of high-speed internet access and developments in content distribution platforms that enable streaming and downloading of programming, consumers are now more readily able to watch internet-delivered content through an increasing variety of providers. these providers include iptv and svod services, such as fetch tv, netflix, stan and amazon prime video, streaming services offered through digital media providers, such as youtube and facebook, as well as programmers and distributors, such as cbs, disney and the fta networks, that provide content, including smaller, lower-cost or free programming packages, directly to consumers over the internet. the increasing number of choices available to consumers for video content, many of which provide original or exclusive content, has caused some of the subscribers to the company's pay-tv services to disconnect their services, downgrade to smaller, less expensive programming packages or purchase certain services from other providers, and this may continue. this trend has adversely affected, and may continue to adversely affect, both the company's subscription revenue and, in turn, advertisers' willingness to purchase television advertising from the company, as well as increase subscriber acquisition, retention and other costs.
in order to compete effectively, the company must differentiate and distinguish its brands and their associated products and services and anticipate and adapt to changes in consumer and customer needs, tastes and behaviors, which in turn, depends on many factors both within and beyond its control. for example, the company relies on brand awareness and acceptance of the high-quality differentiated content in its newspapers, book titles, pay-tv programming and radio stations, as well as its wide array of digital products and services, in order to retain and grow its audiences, consumers and subscribers. however, consumer tastes change frequently and are difficult to predict, and when faced with a multitude of choices, consumers may place greater value on the convenience and price of content and other products and services than they do on their source, quality or reliability. online traffic and product purchases are also driven by internet search results, referrals from social media and other platforms and visibility on digital marketplace platforms and in mobile app stores. search engine results and digital marketplace and mobile app store rankings are based on algorithms that are changed frequently by the owner or operator, and social media and other platforms may also vary their emphasis on what content to highlight for users. any failure to successfully manage and adapt to these changes across the company's businesses, including those affecting how the company's content, apps and products are prioritized, displayed and monetized, could impede the company's ability to compete effectively by significantly decreasing traffic to the company's digital properties, lowering advertiser interest in those properties, increasing costs if free traffic is replaced with paid traffic and lowering product sales and subscriptions or otherwise adversely affecting the company's business.
the company expects to continue to pursue new strategic initiatives and develop new products and services in order to remain competitive, such as its ott strategy and the migration of subscribers from cable to satellite or internet delivery at its pay-tv business and its referral-based model for its u.s. digital real estate business. the company has incurred, and may in the future be required to incur, significant capital expenditures, marketing and other costs in order to implement these strategies and develop these new products and services, which may be dilutive to its earnings. there can be no assurance these strategic initiatives, products and services will be successful in the manner or time period the company expects or that it will realize, in full or in part, the anticipated benefits it expects to achieve. the failure to realize those benefits could have a material adverse effect on the company's business, results of operations and financial condition. for example, the company is targeting a different demographic with its streaming services, which are offered at a lower price point than its traditional broadcast subscription packages. however, if instead those streaming offerings cause broadcast subscribers to disconnect their services or downgrade to smaller, less expensive programming packages, the company's revenues may be materially and adversely affected.
some of the company's current and potential competitors may have greater resources, fewer regulatory burdens, better competitive positions in certain areas, greater operating capabilities, greater access to sources of content, data, technology or other services or strategic relationships and/or easier access to financing, which may allow them to respond more effectively to changes in technology, consumer and customer needs and preferences and market conditions. continued consolidation among competitors in certain industries in which the company operates may increase these advantages, including through greater scale, financial leverage and/or access to content, data, technology and other offerings. if the company is unable to compete successfully against existing or future competitors, its business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected.
the company must respond to evolving technologies and changes in consumer and customer needs and behavior and continue to innovate and provide useful products and services in order to remain competitive.
technology continues to evolve rapidly, and the resulting changes in consumer and customer needs, behavior and preferences create constant opportunities for new and existing competitors that can quickly render the company's products and services less valuable. for example, enhanced internet capabilities and the development of new media channels have led to alternative methods for the delivery, storage and consumption of digital content, including the distribution of news and other content through social networking tools and on mobile and other devices, often without charge, distribution of video content to televisions, computers, tablets and mobile and other devices via streaming and downloading and digital distribution models for books. these developments have driven consumers to expect more control over the convenience and price of content consumption and may, in turn, continue to reduce the demand for the company's newspapers, television programs and other products and services and the price consumers are willing to pay for such products and services. consumption of the company's content on new third-party delivery platforms may also lead to loss of distribution and pricing control, loss of a direct relationship with consumers and lower engagement and subscription rates. in addition, other technological developments, such as those allowing consumers to browse incognito or skip, fast forward through or block advertisements or otherwise time-shift viewing, may cause changes in consumer behavior that reduce the company's ability to serve advertising based on user data and behaviors or at all, which would adversely affect the attractiveness of the company's offerings to advertisers.
technological developments have in many cases also increased competition by significantly lowering barriers to entry. for example, content providers are now able to compete with the company's pay-tv business via direct-to-consumer offerings, as internet streaming capabilities have enabled the disaggregation of content delivery from the ownership of network infrastructure. other digital platforms and technologies, such as user-generated sites and self-publishing tools, have also reduced the effort and expense of producing and distributing content on a wide scale, allowing digital content providers, customers, suppliers and other third parties to compete with the company, often at a lower cost. this trend may drive down the price consumers and customers are willing to spend on the company's products and services. additional digital distribution channels, such as online retailers and digital marketplaces, have presented, and may continue to present, challenges to the company's business models, including its traditional book publishing model, which could adversely affect sales volume and/or pricing.
the company must continue to acquire, develop, adopt, upgrade and exploit new and existing technologies to ensure its products and services remain relevant and useful for consumers and customers, are delivered in the manner in which consumers and customers wish to consume them and are offered at competitive prices. the company may be required to incur significant capital expenditures and other costs in order to respond to new technologies, new and enhanced offerings from its competitors and changes in consumer and customer needs and behavior, and to attract and retain employees with the necessary skill sets and knowledge base. for example, the company has made, and expects to continue to make investments and incur costs in its pay-tv business as it continues to develop and improve its ott services, including its kayo sports streaming service, foxtel now and its recently-launched binge entertainment streaming service. the development of new technologically advanced products is a complex and uncertain process, and there is a risk the company may not be able to develop and market these opportunities in a timely or cost-effective manner and its responses and strategies to remain competitive, including new product and service offerings, may not be accepted by consumers and customers, generate sufficient revenues to be profitable or be as profitable as existing product and service offerings. the company's failure to respond to and develop new technologies, distribution channels and platforms, products and services to take advantage of advancements in technology and the latest consumer and customer needs and preferences could cause its customer, audience and/or user base or its advertisers to decline, in some cases precipitously, and could have a significant adverse effect on its business, asset values, results of operations and financial condition.
a decline in customer advertising expenditures in the company's newspaper and other businesses could cause its revenues and operating results to decline significantly.
the company derives substantial revenues from the sale of advertising through its newspapers, digital media properties, cable channels and other pay-tv programming and radio stations. the company's ability to generate advertising revenue is dependent on a number of factors, including: (1) demand for the company's products and services, (2) audience fragmentation, (3) digital advertising trends, (4) its ability to offer advertising products and formats sought by advertisers, (5) general economic and business conditions, (6) demographics of the customer base, (7) advertising rates, (8) advertising effectiveness and (9) maintaining its brand strength and reputation.
demand for the company's products and services depends upon the company's ability to differentiate those products and services and anticipate and adapt to changes in consumer behaviors and is evaluated based on a variety of metrics. for example, circulation levels for the company's newspapers, ratings points for its cable channels and number of listeners for its radio stations are among the factors advertisers consider when determining the amount of advertising to purchase from the company as well as advertising rates. for the company's digital media properties, advertisers evaluate consumer demand using metrics such as the number of visits, number of users and user engagement. any difficulty or failure in accurately measuring demand, particularly demand generated through new platforms, may lead to under-measurement and, in turn, lower advertising pricing and spending.
the increasing popularity of digital media among consumers as a source of news and other content, and the ability of digital advertising offerings to deliver targeted advertising promptly, has driven a corresponding shift in advertising from traditional channels to digital platforms. large digital platforms in particular, such as facebook, google and amazon, which have extensive audience reach, audience data and targeting capabilities, have commanded an increasing share of the digital advertising market in recent years, and the company expects this trend to continue. the shift to digital media has significantly impacted the company's print advertising revenues, which have declined in each of its last three fiscal years. new devices and technologies, as well as higher consumer engagement with other forms of digital media such as online and mobile social networking, are also increasing the number of media choices and formats available to audiences, resulting in audience fragmentation and increased competition for advertising. the range of advertising choices across digital products and platforms and the large inventory of available digital advertising space have historically resulted in significantly lower rates for digital advertising than for print advertising. in addition, in the past, rates have been generally lower for mobile advertising than for desktop advertising. as a result, increasing consumer reliance on mobile devices may add additional pricing pressure. consequently, the company's digital advertising revenue may not be able to replace print advertising revenue lost as a result of the shift to digital consumption.
the digital advertising market also continues to undergo changes that may further impact digital advertising revenues. digital advertising networks and exchanges, real-time bidding and other programmatic buying channels that allow advertisers to buy audiences at scale play a significant role in the advertising marketplace and have caused and may continue to cause further downward pricing pressure. new third-party delivery platforms may also lead to loss of distribution and pricing control and loss of a direct relationship with consumers. the company's digital advertising operations also rely on a small number of significant technologies such as google's ad manager which, if interrupted or meaningfully changed, or if the providers leverage their power to alter the economic structure, could adversely impact advertising revenues. in addition, evolving standards for the delivery of digital advertising, as well as the development and implementation of technology and policies that adversely affect the company's ability to deliver, target or measure the effectiveness of its advertising, including blocking, changing the location of, or obscuring, the display of advertising on websites and mobile devices, browsing incognito, blocking or deleting cookies and/or the phase-out of browser support for third party cookies, may also negatively impact digital advertising revenues. as the digital advertising market continues to evolve, the company's ability to compete successfully for advertising budgets will depend on, among other things, its ability to drive scale, engage and grow digital audiences, collect and leverage better user data, develop new digital advertising products and formats such as branded and other custom content, and video and mobile advertising, and prove the value of its advertising and the effectiveness of the company's platforms to its advertising customers, including through more targeted, data-driven offerings.
the company's print and digital advertising revenue is also affected generally by overall national and local economic and business conditions, including consumer spending, housing sales, auto sales, unemployment rates and job creation, advertisers' budgeting and buying patterns, which tend to be cyclical, as well as federal, state and local election and other news cycles. natural disasters, epidemics, pandemics (including covid-19) and other widespread health crises or acts of terrorism have led and could continue to lead to greater economic uncertainty and reduced spending by advertisers. in addition, certain sectors of the economy account for a significant portion of the company's advertising revenues, including retail, technology and finance. some of these sectors, such as retail, are more susceptible to weakness in economic conditions and have also been under pressure from business curtailments and closures and other measures implemented in response to the covid-19 pandemic, as well as increased online competition. a decline in the economic prospects of these and other advertisers or the economy in general could alter current or prospective advertisers' spending priorities or result in consolidation or closures across various industries, which may reduce the company's overall advertising revenue.
while the company has adopted a number of strategies and initiatives to address these challenges, there can be no guarantee that its efforts will be successful. if the company is unable to demonstrate the continuing value of its various platforms and high-quality content and brands or offer advertisers unique multi-platform advertising programs, its results may suffer. reduced demand for the company's offerings, a decrease in advertising expenditures by the company's customers or a surplus of advertising inventory could lead to a reduction in pricing and advertising spending, which could have an adverse effect on the company's businesses and assets, results of operations and financial condition.
the inability to obtain and retain sports, entertainment and other programming rights and content could adversely affect the revenue of certain of the company's operating businesses, and costs could also increase upon renewal.
competition for popular programming licensed from third parties is intense, and the success of certain of the company's operating businesses, including its pay-tv business, depends on, among other things, their ability to obtain and retain rights to desirable programming and certain related elements thereof, such as music rights, that enable them to deliver content to subscribers and audiences in the manner in which they wish to consume it and at competitive prices. the pay-tv industry, including the company's pay-tv business, has experienced higher programming costs due to, among other things, (1) increases imposed by sports, entertainment and other programmers when offering new programming or upon the expiration of existing contracts; (2) the carriage of incremental programming, including new services and svod programming; and (3) increased competition from other digital media companies, including svod providers, for the rights to popular or exclusive content. certain of the company's operating businesses, including its pay-tv business, are party to contracts for sports, entertainment and other programming rights with various third parties, including professional sports leagues and teams, television and motion picture producers and other content providers. these contracts have varying durations and renewal terms, and as they expire, renewals on favorable terms may be sought. in the course of renegotiating these and other agreements as they expire, the financial and other terms of these contracts may change as a result of various reasons beyond the company's control, such as changes in the company's bargaining power or in the industry, and in order to retain or extend such rights, the company may be required to increase the value of its offer to amounts that substantially exceed the existing contract costs. furthermore, third parties may outbid the company for those rights and/or for any new programming offerings. in addition, as other content providers develop their own competing services, they may be unwilling to provide the company with access to certain content. for example, professional sports leagues or teams, as well as programmers and distributors such as cbs and disney, have created and may continue to create their own direct-to-consumer offerings. further, consolidation among content providers may increase the amount of content that could become unavailable to the company. the loss of rights may adversely affect the breadth or quality of the company's content offerings, including the extent of the sports coverage and the availability of other popular entertainment programming offered by the company and lead to customer or audience dissatisfaction or, in some cases, loss of customers or audiences, which could, in turn, adversely affect its revenues. in addition, the company's business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected if upon renewal, escalations in programming rights costs are unmatched by increases in subscriber and carriage fees and advertising rates. the long-term nature of some of the company's content commitments may also limit its flexibility in planning for, or reacting to changes in, business and economic conditions (including covid-19) and the market segments in which it operates.
weak domestic and global economic conditions and volatility and disruption in the financial and other markets may adversely affect the company's business.
the u.s. and global economies are experiencing economic and market weakness and uncertainty as a result of the ongoing covid-19 pandemic as well as trade disputes between a number of countries. these conditions have resulted in, among other things, a tightening of, and in some cases more limited access to, the credit and capital markets, lower levels of liquidity, increases in the rates of default and bankruptcy, lower consumer and business spending, lower consumer net worth and a decline in the real estate market. such weakness and uncertainty and associated market disruptions have often led to broader, prolonged economic downturns that have historically resulted in lower advertising expenditures, lower demand for the company's products and services and unfavorable changes in the mix of products and services purchased and have adversely affected the company's business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. any continued or recurring economic weakness is likely to have a similar impact on the company's business and reduce its circulation and subscription, advertising, real estate, consumer and other revenues and otherwise negatively impact the performance of its businesses. the company is particularly exposed to certain australian business risks, including specific australian legal and regulatory risks, consumer preferences and competition, because it holds a substantial amount of australian assets and generated approximately 39% of its fiscal 2020 revenues from australia. as a result, the company's business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected by negative developments in the australian market, including, for example, weakness in the australian residential real estate market which has led, and may continue to lead, to lower listing volumes at rea group. the company also generated approximately 13% of its fiscal 2020 revenues from the u.k., which continues to experience political, regulatory, economic and market uncertainty following its exit from the european union in january 2020, commonly referred to as "brexit." the u.k. is now in a transition period until december 31, 2020 during which the e.u. and the u.k. will negotiate future arrangements regarding trade, finance and other key matters. while the impact of brexit is difficult to predict, it could significantly affect the fiscal, monetary, political and regulatory landscape, lead other member countries to consider leaving the european union, result in the diminishment or elimination of barrier-free access between the u.k. and other european union member states and additional volatility and disruption in the financial and other markets and have an adverse impact on the company's businesses in the u.k. and elsewhere.
in addition, further volatility and disruption in the financial markets could make it more difficult and expensive for the company to obtain financing or refinance its existing indebtedness. these conditions could also impair the ability of those with whom the company does business to satisfy their obligations to the company, including as a result of their inability to obtain capital on acceptable terms. although the company believes that its cash on hand, operating cash flow and current access to credit and capital markets, including the company's revolving credit facility, will give it the ability to meet its financial needs for at least the next 12 months, there can be no assurance that any further volatility and disruption in domestic and global credit and capital markets will not impair the company's liquidity or increase its cost of borrowing.
the company has made and may continue to make strategic acquisitions, investments and divestitures that introduce significant risks and uncertainties.
in order to position its business to take advantage of growth opportunities, the company has made and may continue to make strategic acquisitions and investments that involve significant risks and uncertainties. these risks and uncertainties include, among others: (1) the difficulty in integrating newly acquired businesses and operations in an efficient and effective manner, (2) the challenges in achieving strategic objectives, cost savings and other anticipated benefits, (3) the potential loss of key employees, customers and suppliers, (4) with respect to investments, risks associated with the inability to control the operations of the business, (5) the risk of diverting the attention of the company's senior management from the company's operations, (6) the risks associated with integrating financial reporting and internal control systems, (7) the difficulties in expanding information technology systems and other business processes to accommodate the acquired businesses, (8) in the case of foreign acquisitions and investments, the impact of specific economic, tax, currency, political, legal and regulatory risks associated with the relevant countries, (9) liabilities, both known and unknown, associated with the acquired businesses or investments, (10) in some cases, increased regulation and (11) in some cases, lower liquidity as a result of the use of cash or incurrence of debt to fund such acquisition or investment. if any acquired business or investment fails to operate as anticipated or an acquired business cannot be successfully integrated with the company's existing businesses, the company's business, results of operations, financial condition and reputation could be adversely affected, and the company may be required to record non-cash impairment charges for the write-down of certain acquired assets.
the company has also divested and may in the future divest certain assets or businesses that no longer fit with its strategic direction or growth targets. divestitures involve significant risks and uncertainties that could adversely affect the company's business, results of operations and financial condition. these include, among others, the inability to find potential buyers on favorable terms, disruption to its business and/or diversion of management attention from other business concerns, loss of key employees, difficulties in separating the operations of the divested business and retention of certain liabilities related to the divested business.
fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could have an adverse effect on the company's results of operations.
the company is exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk with respect to its consolidated debt when the debt is denominated in a currency other than the functional currency of the operations whose cash flows support the ability to repay or refinance such debt. as of june 30, 2020, the foxtel operating subsidiaries, whose functional currency is australian dollars, had approximately $350 million aggregate principal amount of outstanding indebtedness denominated in u.s. dollars. the company's policy is to hedge against the risk of foreign currency exchange rate movements with respect to this exposure where commercially reasonable. however, there can be no assurance that it will be able to continue to do so at a reasonable cost or at all, or that there will not be a default by any of the counterparties to those arrangements.
in addition, the company is exposed to foreign currency translation risk because it has significant operations in a number of foreign jurisdictions and certain of its operations are conducted in currencies other than the company's reporting currency, primarily the australian dollar and the british pound sterling. since the company's financial statements are denominated in u.s. dollars, changes in foreign currency exchange rates between the u.s. dollar and other currencies have had, and will continue to have, a currency translation impact on the company's earnings when the results of those operations that are reported in foreign currencies are translated into u.s. dollars for inclusion in the company's consolidated financial statements, which could, in turn, have an adverse effect on its reported results of operations in a given period or in specific markets. the economic volatility and uncertainty caused by the ongoing covid-19 pandemic has led to significant and adverse exchange rate fluctuations between the u.s. dollar and both the australian dollar and the british pound sterling in recent periods. in addition, exchange rates between the u.s. dollar and the british pound sterling are expected to remain volatile due to continued economic and political uncertainty in the u.k. as a result of its failure to secure agreements with the european union regarding trade, finance and other key matters prior to brexit.
the company relies on network and information systems and other technology whose failure or misuse could cause a disruption of services or loss, improper access to or disclosure of personal data, business information, including intellectual property, or other confidential information, resulting in increased costs, loss of revenue, reputational damage or other harm to the company's business.
network and information systems and other technologies, including those related to the company's network management, are important to its business activities and contain the company's proprietary, confidential and sensitive business information, including personal data of its customers and personnel. the company also relies on third party providers for certain technology and "cloud-based" systems and services that support a variety of business operations. network and information systems-related events affecting the company's systems, or those of third parties upon which the company's business relies, such as computer compromises, cyber threats and attacks, computer viruses, worms or other destructive or disruptive software, process breakdowns, denial of service attacks, malicious social engineering or other malicious activities by individuals or state-sponsored or other groups, or any combination of the foregoing, as well as power and internet outages, equipment failure, natural disasters (including extreme weather), terrorist activities, war, human or technological error or malfeasance that may affect such systems, could result in disruption of the company's business and/or loss, corruption, improper access to or disclosure of personal data, business information, including intellectual property, or other confidential information. system redundancy may be ineffective or inadequate, and the company's disaster recovery and business continuity planning may not be sufficient to address all potential cyber events. unauthorized parties may also fraudulently induce the company's employees or other agents to disclose sensitive or confidential information in order to gain access to the company's systems, facilities or data, or those of third parties with whom the company does business. in addition, any design or manufacturing defects in, or the improper implementation of, hardware or software applications the company develops or procures from third parties could unexpectedly disrupt the company's network and information systems or compromise information security.
in recent years, there has been a significant rise in the number of cyberattacks on companies' network and information systems, and such attacks have become more sophisticated, targeted and difficult to detect and prevent against. activities of this nature may also increase during times of instability, including during the covid-19 pandemic, as online activity increases and/or operational changes such as remote working are implemented in response. as a result, the risks associated with such an event continue to increase, particularly as the company's digital businesses expand. the company has experienced, and expects to continue to be subject to, cybersecurity threats and incidents, none of which have been material to the company to date, individually or in the aggregate. however, there is no assurance that there will not be a cybersecurity threat or incident that has a material adverse effect in the future. while the company and its vendors have developed and implemented security measures and internal controls that are designed to protect personal data, business information, including intellectual property, and other confidential information, to prevent data loss or corruption, and to prevent or detect security breaches, such measures cannot provide absolute security and may not be successful in preventing these events from occurring, particularly given that techniques used to access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently. additionally, it may be difficult to detect and defend against certain threats and vulnerabilities that can persist over extended periods of time. any network and information systems-related events could require the company to expend significant resources to remedy such event. moreover, the development and maintenance of these measures is costly and requires ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies change and efforts to overcome security measures become more sophisticated. while the company maintains cyber risk insurance, this insurance may not be sufficient to cover all losses from any future breaches of the company's systems and does not extend to reputational damage or costs incurred to improve or strengthen systems against future incidents.
a significant failure, compromise, breach or interruption of the company's systems, or those of third parties upon which its business relies, could result in a disruption of its operations, including degradation or disruption of service, equipment damage, customer, audience or advertiser dissatisfaction, damage to its reputation or brands, regulatory investigations and enforcement actions, lawsuits, remediation costs, a loss of customers, audience, advertisers, business partners or revenues and other financial losses. if any such failure, compromise, breach, interruption or similar event results in improper access to or disclosure of information maintained in the company's information systems and networks or those of its vendors, including financial, personal and credit card data, as well as confidential and proprietary information relating to personnel, customers, vendors and the company's business, including its intellectual property, the company could also be subject to liability under relevant contractual obligations and laws and regulations protecting personal data and privacy, as well as private individual or class action lawsuits. the company may also be required to notify certain governmental agencies and/or regulators (including the appropriate eu supervisory authority) about any actual or perceived data security breach, as well as the individuals who are affected by any such incident, within strict time periods. in addition, media or other reports of perceived security vulnerabilities in the company's systems or those of third parties upon which its business relies, even if nothing has actually been attempted or occurred, could also adversely impact the company's brand and reputation and materially affect its business, results of operations and financial condition.
the company could suffer losses due to asset impairment and restructuring charges.
as a result of adverse developments in the company's industry and challenging market conditions (including as a result of the covid-19 pandemic), the company has recognized, and may in the future recognize, impairment charges for write-downs of goodwill, intangible assets, investments and other long-lived assets, as well as restructuring charges relating to the reorganization of its businesses, which negatively impact the company's results of operations and, in the case of cash restructuring charges, its financial condition. impairments and restructuring charges may also negatively impact the company's taxes, including its ability to deduct certain interest costs. the company's management must regularly evaluate the carrying value of goodwill and other intangible assets expected to contribute indefinitely to the company's cash flows in order to determine whether, based on projected discounted future cash flows and other market assumptions, the carrying value for such assets exceeds current fair value and the company should recognize an impairment. in accordance with gaap, the company performs an annual impairment assessment of its recorded goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, including newspaper mastheads, publishing imprints, radio broadcast licenses, trademarks and trade names, publishing rights and customer relationships, during the fourth quarter of each fiscal year. the company also continually evaluates whether current factors or indicators, such as prevailing conditions in the business environment, credit and capital markets or the economy generally (including as a result of the covid-19 pandemic) and actual or projected operating results, require the performance of an interim impairment assessment of those assets, as well as other investments and long-lived assets, or require the company to engage in any additional business restructurings to address these conditions. for example, the adverse effects of the covid-19 pandemic or any significant shortfall, now or in the future, in advertising revenue or subscribers, the expected popularity of the programming for which the company has acquired rights and/or consumer acceptance of new products, including the company's new svod services, could lead to a downward revision in the fair value of certain reporting units. any downward revisions in the fair value of a reporting unit, indefinite-lived intangible assets, investments or other long-lived assets could result in additional impairments for which non-cash charges would be required, and any such charge could be material to the company's reported results of operations. for example, in fiscal 2020, the company recognized non-cash impairment charges of $1,690 million, primarily due to a $931 million write-down of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets at its foxtel reporting unit as a result of lower expected broadcast subscribers and the expected negative impact of covid-19 on advertising, ott and commercial subscriber revenues in the near term, $410 million of write-downs related to news america marketing, including $175 million related to the reclassification to assets held for sale, and $292 million in impairments of property, plant and equipment, goodwill and intangible assets identified during the company's annual impairment assessment. in addition, as of june 30, 2020, the company had approximately $908 million of goodwill that is at risk for future impairment because the fair values of the corresponding reporting units equaled their respective carrying values. the company may also incur additional restructuring charges in the future if it is required to further realign its resources in response to significant shortfalls in revenue or other adverse trends.
there can be no assurance that the company will have access to the credit and capital markets on terms acceptable to it, and the leverage of its foxtel operating subsidiaries could limit the ability of those subsidiaries to access the credit and capital markets and have other adverse effects.
from time to time the company expects to access the credit and capital markets to obtain financing or refinance existing indebtedness. although the company believes that the sources of capital currently in place, including the company's revolving credit facility, will permit the company to finance its operations for at least the next 12 months on acceptable terms and conditions, the company's access to, and the availability of, financing on acceptable terms and conditions in the future will be impacted by many factors, including the ongoing covid-19 pandemic. the company's foxtel operating subsidiaries have outstanding indebtedness that could limit or prevent them from incurring additional debt or refinancing or otherwise extending the maturities of their existing debt and reduce their flexibility to respond to changing business and economic conditions, including those arising from the pandemic. as of june 30, 2020, the foxtel operating subsidiaries' total outstanding indebtedness was $965 million (excluding related party debt), with maturities ranging from fiscal 2023 through fiscal 2025. factors impacting the company's ability to access the credit and capital markets include, but are not limited to the following, a number of which have been adversely impacted by the ongoing covid-19 pandemic as disclosed elsewhere in this "item 1a. risk factors": (1) the financial and operational performance of the company and/or its operating subsidiaries, as applicable; (2) the company's credit ratings and/or the credit rating of its operating subsidiaries, as applicable; (3) the provisions of any relevant debt instruments, credit agreements, indentures and similar or associated documents (collectively, the "debt documents"); (4) the liquidity of the overall credit and capital markets; and (5) the state of the economy. there can be no assurance that the company will continue to have access to the credit and capital markets on terms acceptable to it.
the company's consolidated debt could also have other adverse effects. a portion of the outstanding debt bears interest at variable rates, which exposes the company to the risk of interest rate fluctuations. if interest rates increase, the applicable debt service obligations will increase, which could reduce available cash flow and make it more difficult to make scheduled debt payments and/or limit the amount of cash available for operations, including investments and capital expenditures. although the company hedges a portion of the exposure to these interest rate movements, there can be no assurance that it will be able to continue to do so at a reasonable cost or at all, or that there will not be a default by any of the counterparties to those arrangements. in addition, the foxtel operating subsidiaries' outstanding debt documents contain significant financial and operating covenants that may limit their operational and financial flexibility. subject to certain exceptions, these covenants restrict or prohibit these operating subsidiaries from, among other things, undertaking certain transactions, disposing of certain properties or assets (including subsidiary stock), merging or consolidating with any other person, making financial accommodation available, giving guarantees, entering into certain other financing arrangements, creating or permitting certain liens, engaging in transactions with affiliates, making repayments of certain other loans and undergoing fundamental business changes.
these instruments also generally include financial covenants requiring the foxtel operating subsidiaries to maintain specified net debt to ebitda and net interest coverage ratios. in the event any of these covenants are breached and such breach results in a default under any of the foxtel operating subsidiaries' debt documents, the lenders or noteholders, as applicable, may accelerate the maturity of the indebtedness under the applicable debt documents, which could result in a default under other outstanding debt documents and could have a material adverse impact on the company's business, results of operation and financial condition.
the company's business could be adversely impacted by changes in governmental policy and regulation.
various aspects of the company's activities are subject to regulation in numerous jurisdictions around the world, and the introduction of new laws and regulations in countries where the company's products and services are produced or distributed, and changes in the enforcement of existing laws and regulations in those countries, could have a negative impact on its interests. in addition, laws and regulations vary between local, state, federal and international jurisdictions, and the enforcement of those laws and regulations may be inconsistent and unpredictable. the company may incur substantial costs or be required to change its business practices in order to comply with applicable laws and regulations and could incur substantial penalties or other liabilities in the event of any failure to comply.
the company's australian operating businesses may be adversely affected by changes in government policy, regulation or legislation, or the application or enforcement thereof, applying to companies in the australian media industry or to australian companies in general. this includes:
•anti-siphoning legislation which currently prevents pay-tv providers such as foxtel from acquiring rights to televise certain listed events (for example, the olympic games and certain australian rules football and cricket matches) unless:
-national or commercial television broadcasters have not obtained these rights 26 weeks before the start of the event;
-the rights are held by commercial television licensees whose television broadcasting services cover more than 50% of the australian population; or
-the rights are held by one of australia's two major government-funded broadcasters;
•other parts of the broadcasting services act that regulate ownership interests and control of australian media organizations. such legislation may have an impact on the company's ownership structure and operations and may restrict its ability to take advantage of acquisition or investment opportunities; and
•the telecommunications act and associated codes, which apply various consumer protection regimes to foxtel as a telecommunications service provider.
the company's business activities are also subject to various laws and regulations in the united states and internationally governing the collection, use, sharing, protection and retention of personal data, which have implications for how such data is managed. many of these laws and regulations are increasingly complex and continue to evolve, and substantial uncertainty surrounds their scope and application. moreover, data privacy and security laws may potentially conflict from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. complying with these laws and regulations could be costly and resource-intensive, require the company to change its business practices, or limit or restrict aspects of the company's business in a manner adverse to its business operations, including by inhibiting or preventing the collection of information that would enable it to provide more targeted, data-driven advertising offerings. the company's failure to comply, even if inadvertent or in good faith, or as a result of a compromise, breach or interruption of the company's systems by a third party, could result in exposure to enforcement by u.s. federal, state or local or foreign governments or private parties, as well as significant negative publicity and reputational damage. examples of such laws include the european union's gdpr and the uk dpa, each of which expands the regulation of personal data processing throughout the european union and the u.k., respectively, and significantly increases maximum penalties for non-compliance, and california's ccpa, which went into effect on january 1, 2020 and established certain transparency rules and puts greater restrictions on the collection, use and sharing of personal information of california residents. see "governmental regulation-data privacy and security" for more information. finally, because some of the company's products and services are available on the internet, it may be subject to laws or regulations exposing it to liability or compliance obligations even in jurisdictions where the company does not have a substantial presence.
in addition, the company's newspaper publishing businesses in the u.k. are subject to greater regulation and oversight as a result of the implementation of recommendations of the leveson inquiry into the u.k. press. following the inquiry, the u.k. government established a press recognition panel responsible for approving and monitoring a new press regulatory body. publishers who are not members of an approved regulator, including the company, may be subject to exemplary damages in privacy and libel cases and, if section 40 of the crime and courts act 2013 is commenced, the payment of costs for both parties in libel actions in certain circumstances. the majority of the u.k. press, including news uk, has established an alternative regulator, the independent press standards organisation, or ipso. ipso, which has indicated that it does not intend to seek approval by the press recognition panel, has powers to impose burdens on its print media members in the u.k. these powers, which include the ability to impose fines of up to £1 million for systemic breaches of ipso's editor's code of practice, may result in competitive disadvantages versus other forms of media and may increase the costs of regulatory compliance.
the company's radio stations in the u.k. and ireland are also subject to governmental regulation by the relevant broadcast authorities as the company is required to obtain and maintain licenses from such authorities to operate these stations. although the company expects its licenses will, where relevant, be renewed in the ordinary course upon their expiration, there can be no assurance that this will be the case. non-compliance by the company with the requirements associated with such licenses or other applicable laws and regulations, including of the relevant authority, could result in fines, additional license conditions, license revocation or other adverse regulatory actions.
adverse results from litigation or other proceedings could impact the company's business practices and operating results.
from time to time, the company is party to litigation, as well as to regulatory and other proceedings with governmental authorities and administrative agencies, including with respect to antitrust, tax, data privacy and security, intellectual property, employment and other matters. see "item 3. legal proceedings" and note 17 to the financial statements for a discussion of certain matters. the outcome of these matters and other litigation and proceedings is subject to significant uncertainty, and it is possible that an adverse resolution of one or more such proceedings could result in reputational harm and/or significant monetary damages, injunctive relief or settlement costs that could adversely affect the company's results of operations or financial condition as well as the company's ability to conduct its business as it is presently being conducted. in addition, regardless of merit or outcome, such proceedings can have an adverse impact on the company as a result of legal costs, diversion of management and other personnel, and other factors.
the company could be subject to significant additional tax liabilities, which could adversely affect its operating results and financial condition.
the company is subject to taxation in u.s. federal, state and local jurisdictions and various non-u.s. jurisdictions, including australia and the u.k. the company's effective tax rate is impacted by the tax laws, regulations, practices and interpretations in the jurisdictions in which it operates and may fluctuate significantly from period to period depending on, among other things, the geographic mix of the company's profits and losses, changes in tax laws and regulations or their application and interpretation, the outcome of tax audits and changes in valuation allowances associated with the company's deferred tax assets. the company may be required to record additional valuation allowances if, among other things, adverse economic conditions, including those caused by covid-19, negatively impact the company's ability to realize its deferred tax assets. evaluating and estimating the company's tax provision, current and deferred tax assets and liabilities and other tax accruals requires significant management judgment, and there are often transactions for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain.
the company's tax returns are routinely audited by various tax authorities. tax authorities may not agree with the treatment of items reported in the company's tax returns or positions taken by the company, and as a result, tax-related settlements or litigation may occur, resulting in additional income tax liabilities against the company. although the company believes it has appropriately accrued for the expected outcome of tax reviews and examinations and any related litigation, the final outcomes of these matters could differ materially from the amounts recorded in the financial statements. as a result, the company may be required to recognize additional charges in its statements of operations and pay significant additional amounts with respect to current or prior periods, or its taxes in the future could increase, which could adversely affect its operating results and financial condition.
the organization for economic cooperation and development continues its program of work to develop a consensus solution in relation to its base erosion and profit shifting action 1, addressing the tax challenges of the digitalization of the economy. the outcome of this program may change various aspects of the existing framework under which the company's tax obligations are determined in countries in which it does business. several foreign jurisdictions have separately introduced new digital services taxes on revenue of companies that provide certain digital services. while the unilateral digital services taxes in force in countries to date, including the u.k., have had limited impact on the company's overall tax obligations, the company continues to monitor proposals for new digital services taxes in various countries. there is limited guidance about the applicability of these new taxes to the company's businesses and significant uncertainty as to what type of digital services will be deemed in scope. if these new taxes are applied to the company's revenue in these foreign jurisdictions, it could have an adverse impact on its business and financial performance.
theft of the company's content, including digital piracy and signal theft, may decrease revenue and adversely affect the company's business and profitability.
the company's success depends in part on its ability to maintain and monetize the intellectual property rights in its content, and theft of its brands, programming, digital content, books and other copyrighted material affects the value of its content. developments in technology, including the wide availability of higher internet bandwidth and reduced storage costs, increase the threat of content piracy by making it easier to stream, duplicate and widely distribute pirated material, including from other less-regulated countries into the company's primary markets. covid-19 may increase incentives and opportunities to access content in unauthorized ways if the resulting economic weakness persists and/or as consumers spend more time at home. the company seeks to limit the threat of content piracy by preventing unauthorized access to its content through the use of programming content encryption, signal encryption and other security access devices and digital rights management software, as well as by obtaining site blocking orders against pirate streaming and torrent sites and a variety of other actions, both individually and, in some instances, together with industry associations. however, these efforts may be costly and are not always successful, particularly as infringers continue to develop tools that undermine security features and enable the cloaking of online identities, and the company cannot ensure that it will be able to reduce or control theft of its content. the proliferation of unauthorized use of the company's content may have an adverse effect on its business and profitability by reducing the revenue that the company could receive from the legitimate sale and distribution of its content. moreover, protection of the company's intellectual property rights is dependent on the scope and duration of its rights as defined by applicable laws in the u.s. and abroad and the manner in which those laws are construed and enforced. if those laws are drafted or interpreted in ways that limit the extent or duration of the company's rights, or if existing laws are changed or not effectively enforced, the company's ability to generate revenue from its intellectual property may decrease, or the cost of obtaining and maintaining rights may increase. in addition, the failure of legal and technological protections to evolve as piracy and associated technological tools become more sophisticated could make it more difficult for the company to adequately protect its intellectual property, which could, in turn, negatively impact its value and further increase the company's enforcement costs.
the company's pay-tv business depends on a single or limited number of suppliers for certain key products and services, and any reduction or interruption in the supply of these products and services or a significant increase in price could have an adverse effect on the company's business, results of operations and financial condition.
the company's pay-tv business depends on a single or limited number of third party suppliers to supply certain key products and services necessary to provide its pay-tv services. in particular, the company depends on optus to provide all of its satellite transponder capacity, and arris and technicolor are the company's sole suppliers of satellite set-top boxes and the foxtel now box, respectively. if any of these suppliers breaches or terminates its agreement with the company or otherwise fails to perform its obligations in a timely manner, experiences operating or financial difficulties, is unable to meet demand due to component shortages, insufficient capacity or otherwise, significantly increases the amount the company pays for necessary products or services or ceases production of any necessary product, the company's business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected.
in addition, telstra is the primary supplier of cable distribution capacity for the company's pay-tv programming and is also currently the exclusive provider of wholesale fixed voice and broadband services for the company's pay-tv business, as well as its primary supplier of wholesale mobile voice and broadband services and the largest reseller of its cable and satellite products. any disruption in the supply of those services or a decline in telstra's business could result in disruptions to the supply of, and/or reduce the number of subscribers for, the company's products and services, which could, in turn, adversely affect its business, results of operations and financial condition.
while the company will seek alternative sources for the products and services described above where possible and/or permissible under applicable agreements, it may not be able to develop these alternative sources quickly and cost-effectively, which could impair its ability to timely deliver its products and services to its subscribers or operate its business.
the company's international operations expose it to additional risks that could adversely affect its business, operating results and financial condition.
in its fiscal year ended june 30, 2020, approximately 59% of the company's revenues were derived outside the u.s., and the company is focused on expanding the international scope of its operations. there are risks inherent in doing business internationally and other risks may be heightened, including (1) issues related to managing international operations; (2) economic uncertainties and volatility in local markets and political or social instability; (3) the impact of catastrophic events in relevant jurisdictions (including natural disasters, epidemics, pandemics (including covid-19) and other widespread health crises or acts of terrorism); (4) compliance with foreign tax regimes and potentially adverse changes in tax laws and regulations; (5) compliance with international laws and regulations, including foreign ownership restrictions and data privacy requirements such as the gdpr; (6) compliance with anti-corruption laws and regulations such as the foreign corrupt practices act and the uk bribery act; (7) restrictions on repatriation of funds and foreign currency exchange; (8) compliance with local labor laws and regulations; and (9) regulatory or governmental action against the company's products and services, including censorship or other restrictions on access, expulsion of journalists or other employees and retaliatory actions, including as a result of trade and other disputes with the u.s. for example, brexit may continue to adversely affect, among other things, economic and market conditions in the u.k.
and the european union, create uncertainty around doing business in the u.k. and result in additional costs and compliance obligations, including with respect to tariffs and other trade barriers, data protection and transfer, tax rates and the recruitment and retention of employees. events or developments related to these and other risks associated with the company's international operations could result in reputational harm and have an adverse impact on the company's business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. challenges associated with operating globally may increase as the company continues to expand into geographic areas that it believes represent the highest growth opportunities.
the company is party to agreements with third parties relating to certain of its businesses that contain operational and management restrictions and/or other rights that, depending on the circumstances, may not be in the best interest of the company.
the company is party to agreements with third parties relating to certain of its businesses that restrict the company's ability to take specified actions and contain other rights that, depending on the circumstances, may not be in the best interest of the company. for example, the company and telstra are parties to a shareholders' agreement with respect to foxtel containing certain minority protections for telstra, including standard governance provisions, as well as transfer and exit rights. the shareholders' agreement provides telstra with the right to appoint two directors to the board of foxtel, as well as board and shareholder-level veto rights over certain non-ordinary course and/or material corporate actions that may prevent foxtel from taking actions that are in the interests of the company. the shareholders' agreement also provides for (1) certain transfer restrictions, which could adversely affect the company's ability to effect such transfers and/or the prices at which those transfers may occur, and (2) exit arrangements, which could, in certain circumstances, force the company to sell its interest, subject to rights of first and, in some cases, last refusals.
in addition, move, the company's digital real estate services business in the u.s., operates the realtor.com® website under an agreement with nar that is perpetual in duration. however, nar may terminate the operating agreement for certain contractually-specified reasons upon expiration of applicable cure periods. if the operating agreement with nar is terminated, the nar license would also terminate, and move would be required to transfer a copy of the software that operates the realtor.com® website to nar and provide nar with copies of its agreements with advertisers and data content providers. nar would then be able to operate a realtor.com® website, either by itself or with another third party.
failure by the company to protect certain intellectual property and brands, or infringement claims by third parties, could adversely impact the company's business, results of operation and financial condition.
the company's businesses rely on a combination of trademarks, trade names, copyrights, patents, domain names, trade secrets and other proprietary rights, as well as licenses and other contractual arrangements, including licenses relating to sports programming rights, set-top box technology and related systems, the nar license and the fox licenses, to establish, obtain and protect the intellectual property and brand names used in their businesses. the company believes its proprietary trademarks, trade names, copyrights, patents, domain names, trade secrets and other intellectual property rights are important to its continued success and its competitive position. however, the company cannot ensure that these intellectual property rights or those of its licensors and suppliers will be enforced or upheld if challenged or that these rights will protect the company against infringement claims by third parties, and effective intellectual property protection may not be available in every country or region in which the company operates or where its products are available. efforts to protect and enforce the company's intellectual property rights may be costly, and any failure by the company or its licensors and suppliers to effectively protect and enforce its or their intellectual property or brands, or any infringement claims by third parties, could adversely impact the company's business, results of operations or financial condition. claims of intellectual property infringement could require the company to enter into royalty or licensing agreements on unfavorable terms (if such agreements are available at all), require the company to spend substantial sums to defend against or settle such claims or to satisfy any judgment rendered against it, or cease any further use of the applicable intellectual property, which could in turn require the company to change its business practices or offerings and limit its ability to compete effectively. even if the company believes any such challenges or claims are without merit, they can be time-consuming and costly to defend and divert management's attention and resources away from its business. in addition, the company may be contractually required to indemnify other parties against liabilities arising out of any third party infringement claims.
any significant increase in newsprint costs or disruption in the company's newsprint supply chain or newspaper printing and distribution channels may adversely affect the company's business, results of operations and financial condition.
newsprint is a significant expense for the company's newspaper publishing units. the price of newsprint has historically been volatile, and a number of factors may cause prices to increase, including: (1) the closure and consolidation of newsprint mills or the conversion of newsprint mills to other products or grades of paper, which has reduced the number of newsprint suppliers over the years; (2) the imposition of tariffs or other restrictions on non-u.s. suppliers of paper; (3) an increase in supplier operating expenses due to rising raw material or energy costs or other factors; (4) failure to maintain the company's current consumption levels; and (5) the inability to maintain the company's existing relationships with its newsprint suppliers. the company also relies on third party suppliers for deliveries of newsprint and printing and distribution partners to print and distribute its newspapers in some areas. financial pressures, newspaper industry economics, labor unrest, changes in laws and regulations, transportation issues or other circumstances affecting these third-party suppliers and print and distribution partners, including the impact of the covid-19 pandemic, could lead to disruptions in the company's newsprint supply chain and/or reduced operations or consolidations of third-party print sites and/or distribution routes, which could increase the cost of printing and distributing the company's newspapers. any significant increase in the cost of newsprint, undersupply or significant disruptions in the newsprint supply chain or newspaper printing and distribution channels could have an adverse effect on the company's business, results of operations and financial condition.
damage, failure or destruction of satellites and transmitter facilities that the company's pay-tv business depends upon to distribute its programming could adversely affect the company's business, results of operations and financial condition.
the company's pay-tv business uses satellite systems to transmit its programming to its subscribers and/or authorized sublicensees. the company's distribution facilities include uplinks, communications satellites and downlinks, and the company also uses studio and transmitter facilities. transmissions may be disrupted or degraded as a result of local disasters, including extreme weather, power outages, terrorist attacks, cyberattacks or other similar events, that damage or destroy on-ground uplinks or downlinks or studio and transmitter facilities, or as a result of damage to a satellite. satellites are subject to significant operational and environmental risks while in orbit, including anomalies resulting from various factors such as manufacturing defects and problems with power or control systems, as well as environmental hazards such as meteoroid events, electrostatic storms and collisions with space debris. these events may result in the loss of one or more transponders on a satellite or the entire satellite and/or reduce the useful life of the satellite, which could, in turn, lead to a disruption or loss of video services to the company's customers. the company does not carry commercial insurance for business disruptions or losses resulting from the foregoing events as it believes the cost of insurance premiums is uneconomical relative to the risk. instead, the company seeks to mitigate this risk through the maintenance of backup satellite capacity and other contingency plans. however, these steps may not be sufficient, and if the company is unable to secure alternate distribution, studio and/or transmission facilities in a timely manner, any such disruption or loss could have an adverse effect on the company's business, results of operations and financial condition.
the company is subject to payment processing risk which could lead to adverse effects on the company's business and results of operations.
the company's customers pay for its products and services using a variety of different payment methods, including credit and debit cards, prepaid cards, direct debit, online wallets and through direct carrier and partner billing. the company relies on internal systems as well as those of third parties to process payment. acceptance and processing of these payment methods are subject to certain rules and regulations and require payment of interchange and other fees. to the extent there are increases in payment processing fees, material changes in the payment ecosystem, delays in receiving payments from payment processors, any failures to comply with, or changes to, rules or regulations concerning payments, loss of payment or billing partners and/or disruptions or failures in, or fraudulent use of or access to, payment processing systems or payment products, the company's results of operations could be adversely impacted and it could suffer reputational harm. furthermore, if the company is unable to maintain its fraud and chargeback rates at acceptable levels, card networks may impose fines and its card approval rate may be impacted. the termination of the company's ability to process payments on any major payment method would adversely affect its business and results of operations.
labor disputes may have an adverse effect on the company's business.
in a variety of the company's businesses, it engages the services of employees who are subject to collective bargaining agreements. if the company is unable to renew expiring collective bargaining agreements, it is possible that the affected unions could take action in the form of strikes or work stoppages. such actions, as well as higher costs in connection with these collective bargaining agreements or a significant labor dispute, could have an adverse effect on the company's business by causing delays in production or by reducing profit margins.
the market price of the company's stock may fluctuate significantly.
the company cannot predict the prices at which its common stock may trade. the market price of the company's common stock may fluctuate significantly, depending upon many factors, some of which may be beyond its control, including: (1) the company's quarterly or annual earnings, or those of other companies in its industry; (2) actual or anticipated fluctuations in the company's operating results; (3) success or failure of the company's business strategy; (4) the company's ability to obtain financing as needed; (5) changes in accounting standards, policies, guidance, interpretations or principles; (6) changes in laws and regulations affecting the company's business; (7) announcements by the company or its competitors of significant new business developments or the addition or loss of significant customers; (8) announcements by the company or its competitors of significant acquisitions or dispositions; (9) changes in earnings estimates by securities analysts or the company's ability to meet its earnings guidance, if any; (10) the operating and stock price performance of other comparable companies; (11) investor perception of the company and the industries in which it operates; (12) results from material litigation or governmental investigations; (13) changes in capital gains taxes and taxes on dividends affecting stockholders; (14) overall market fluctuations and general economic conditions; and (15) changes in the amounts and frequency of dividends or share repurchases, if any. the ongoing covid-19 pandemic has amplified many of the foregoing factors and resulted in additional volatility in the company's stock price.
certain fcc rules and regulations and the separation and distribution agreement may restrict the company from acquiring or owning certain types of assets in the u.s.
the federal communications commission ("fcc") has promulgated certain rules and regulations that limit the common ownership of radio and television broadcast stations and the common ownership of broadcast stations and newspapers (the "broadcast ownership rules") and place commercial restrictions on a cable network programmer in which a cable television operator holds an ownership interest (the "program access rules"). in november 2017, the fcc voted to eliminate the broadcast ownership rules, and the order became effective in february 2018. however, in september 2019, a panel of the u.s. court of appeals for the third circuit (the "third circuit") issued an order vacating the fcc's order and reinstating the broadcast ownership rules. the fcc's petition for en banc review was denied in november 2019, following which a mandate reinstating the broadcast ownership rules was issued. the fcc and certain other parties filed petitions for writ of certiorari with the u.s. supreme court appealing the third circuit's decision in april 2020 and are awaiting a ruling.
under the fcc's rules for determining ownership of the media assets described above, the murdoch family trust's ownership interest in both the company and fox would generally result in each company's businesses and assets being attributable to the murdoch family trust for purposes of determining compliance with the broadcast ownership rules and the program access rules. consequently, the company may be restricted from taking advantage of certain acquisition or investment opportunities, including, for example, the acquisition of a newspaper in the same local market in which fox owns or operates a television station. in addition, the company agreed in the separation and distribution agreement, as amended, that if it acquires newspapers, radio or television broadcast stations or television broadcast networks in the u.s. and such acquisition would impede or be reasonably likely to impede fox's business under the broadcast ownership rules or any other federal statute or fcc rule that limits, directly or indirectly, the ownership or control of radio broadcast stations, television broadcast stations, newspapers and/or television broadcast networks, including fox's ability to own and operate its television stations or otherwise comply with such rules or statutes, then the company will be required to take certain actions, including divesting assets, in order to permit fox to hold its media interests and to comply with such rules or statutes. the company also agreed not to acquire an interest in a multichannel video programming distributor, including a cable television operator, if such acquisition would subject fox to the program access rules to which it is not then subject. this agreement effectively limits the activities or strategic business alternatives available to the company if such activities or strategic business alternatives implicate the broadcast ownership rules or program access rules or any other federal statute or fcc rule that limits, directly or indirectly, the ownership or control of radio broadcast stations, television broadcast stations, newspapers and/or television broadcast networks, and would impede or be reasonably likely to impede fox's business.
certain of the company's directors and officers may have actual or potential conflicts of interest because of their equity ownership in fox corporation ("fox"), and/or because they also serve as officers and/or on the board of directors of fox, which may result in the diversion of certain corporate opportunities to fox.
certain of the company's directors and executive officers own shares of fox's common stock, and the individual holdings may be significant for some of these individuals compared to their total assets. in addition, certain of the company's officers and directors also serve as officers and/or as directors of fox, including k. rupert murdoch, who serves as the company's executive chairman and co-chairman of fox, and lachlan k. murdoch, who serves as the company's co-chairman and chairman and chief executive officer of fox. this ownership or service to both companies may create, or may create the appearance of, conflicts of interest when these directors and officers are faced with decisions that could have different implications for the company and fox. for example, potential conflicts of interest could arise in connection with the resolution of any dispute that may arise between the company and fox regarding the terms of the agreements governing the indemnification of certain matters. in addition to any other arrangements that the company and fox may agree to implement, the company and fox agreed that officers and directors who serve at both companies will recuse themselves from decisions where conflicts arise due to their positions at both companies.
the company's amended and restated by-laws acknowledge that the company's directors and officers, as well as certain of its stockholders, including k. rupert murdoch, certain members of his family and certain family trusts (so long as such persons continue to own, in the aggregate, 10% or more of the voting stock of each of the company and fox), each of which is referred to as a covered stockholder, are or may become stockholders, directors, officers, employees or agents of fox and certain of its affiliates. the company's amended and restated by-laws further provide that any such overlapping person will not be liable to the company, or to any of its stockholders, for breach of any fiduciary duty that would otherwise exist because such individual directs a corporate opportunity (other than certain types of restricted business opportunities set forth in the company's amended and restated by-laws) to fox instead of the company. this could result in an overlapping person submitting any corporate opportunities other than restricted business opportunities to fox instead of the company.
certain provisions of the company's restated certificate of incorporation, amended and restated by-laws and delaware law, the company's third amended and restated stockholder rights agreement and the ownership of the company's common stock by the murdoch family trust may discourage takeovers, and the concentration of ownership will affect the voting results of matters submitted for stockholder approval.
the company's restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated by-laws contain certain anti-takeover provisions that may make more difficult or expensive a tender offer, change in control, or takeover attempt that is opposed by the company's board of directors or certain stockholders holding a significant percentage of the voting power of the company's outstanding voting stock. in particular, the company's restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated by-laws provide for, among other things:
•a dual class common equity capital structure;
•a prohibition on stockholders taking any action by written consent without a meeting;
•special stockholders' meeting to be called only by the chief executive officer, the board of directors, or the holders of not less than 20% of the voting power of the company's outstanding voting stock;
•the requirement that stockholders give the company advance notice to nominate candidates for election to the board of directors or to make stockholder proposals at a stockholders' meeting;
•the requirement of an affirmative vote of at least 65% of the voting power of the company's outstanding voting stock to amend or repeal its by-laws;
•vacancies on the board of directors to be filled only by a majority vote of directors then in office;
•certain restrictions on the transfer of the company's shares; and
•the board of directors to issue, without stockholder approval, preferred stock and series common stock with such terms as the board of directors may determine.
these provisions could discourage potential acquisition proposals and could delay or prevent a change in control of the company, even in the case where a majority of the stockholders may consider such proposals, if effective, desirable.
in addition, in connection with the separation, the company's board of directors adopted a stockholder rights agreement, which it extended in june 2014, june 2015 and again in june 2018. pursuant to the third amended and restated stockholder rights agreement, each outstanding share of the company's common stock has attached to it a right entitling its holder to purchase from the company additional shares of its class a common stock and class b common stock in the event that a person or group acquires beneficial ownership of 15% or more of the then-outstanding class b common stock without approval of the company's board of directors, subject to exceptions for persons beneficially owning 15% or more of the company's class b common stock immediately following the separation. the stockholder rights agreement could make it more difficult for a third-party to acquire the company's voting common stock without the approval of its board of directors. the rights expire on june 18, 2021, except as otherwise provided in the rights agreement. further, as a result of his ability to appoint certain members of the board of directors of the corporate trustee of the murdoch family trust, which beneficially owns less than one percent of the company's outstanding class a common stock and approximately 38.4% of the company's class b common stock as of august 3, 2020, k. rupert murdoch may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of the shares beneficially owned by the murdoch family trust. k. rupert murdoch, however, disclaims any beneficial ownership of these shares. also, k. rupert murdoch beneficially owns or may be deemed to beneficially own an additional one percent of the company's class b common stock and less than one percent of the company's class a common stock as of august 3, 2020. thus, k. rupert murdoch may be deemed to beneficially own in the aggregate less than one percent of the company's class a common stock and approximately 39.4% of the company's class b common stock as of august 3, 2020. this concentration of voting power could discourage third parties from making proposals involving an acquisition of the company. additionally, the ownership concentration of class b common stock by the murdoch family trust increases the likelihood that proposals submitted for stockholder approval that are supported by the murdoch family trust will be adopted and proposals that the murdoch family trust does not support will not be adopted, whether or not such proposals to stockholders are also supported by the other holders of class b common stock. furthermore, the adoption of the third amended and restated stockholder rights agreement will prevent, unless the company's board of directors otherwise determines at the time, other potential stockholders from acquiring a similar ownership position in the company's class b common stock and, accordingly, could prevent a meaningful challenge to the murdoch family trust's influence over matters submitted for stockholder approval.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations this discussion and analysis contains statements that constitute "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of section 21e of the securities exchange act of 1934, as amended (the "exchange act"), and section 27a of the securities act of 1933, as amended. all statements that are not statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements. the words "expect," "estimate," "anticipate," "predict," "believe" and similar expressions and variations thereof are intended to identify forward-looking statements. these statements appear in a number of places in this discussion and analysis and include statements regarding the intent, belief or current expectations of the company, its directors or its officers with respect to, among other things, trends affecting the company's financial condition or results of operations, including expected impacts from the ongoing novel coronavirus ("covid-19") pandemic and related public health measures, the company's strategy and strategic initiatives and the outcome of contingencies such as litigation and investigations. readers are cautioned that any forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties, including those related to covid-19. more information regarding these risks and uncertainties (many of which may be amplified by covid-19) and other important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements is set forth under the heading "risk factors" in item 1a of this annual report on form 10-k (the "annual report"). the company does not ordinarily make projections of its future operating results and undertakes no obligation (and expressly disclaims any obligation) to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. readers should carefully review this document and the other documents filed by the company with the securities and exchange commission (the "sec"). this section should be read together with the consolidated financial statements of news corporation and related notes set forth elsewhere in this annual report.
other than for the discussions regarding the company's new reportable segments, dow jones and news media, the following discussion and analysis omits discussion of fiscal 2018. please see "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in the company's annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019 for a discussion on fiscal 2018.
introduction news corporation (together with its subsidiaries, "news corporation," "news corp," the "company," "we," or "us") is a global diversified media and information services company comprised of businesses across a range of media, including: digital real estate services, subscription video services in australia, news and information services and book publishing. during the three months ended june 30, 2020, in connection with the company's sale of its news america marketing reporting unit and its annual review of its reportable segments, the company determined to disaggregate its dow jones operating segment as a separate reportable segment in accordance with accounting standard codification ("asc") 280, "segment reporting." previously, the financial information for this operating segment was aggregated with the businesses within the news media operating segment and, together, formed the news and information services reportable segment. following the sale of its news america marketing business in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020 and in conjunction with the company's annual budgeting process, the company determined that aggregation was no longer appropriate as certain of the remaining businesses no longer shared similar economic characteristics. as a result, the company has revised its historical disclosures to reflect the new dow jones and news media reportable segments for all years presented.
certain reclassifications have been made to the prior period consolidated financial statements to conform to the current fiscal year presentation. specifically, the company reclassified the costs associated with certain initiatives previously included within the other segment to segments directly benefited by these initiatives. for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019, these reclassifications to selling, general and administrative were as follows:
as reported                 selling, general and administrative reclassification                as adjusted
(in millions)
digital real estate services                  (608)                                                    (6)                                    (614)
subscription video services                   (346)                                                    (1)                                    (347)
dow jones                                     (582)                                                    (4)                                    (586)
book publishing                               (327)                                                    (1)                                    (328)
news media                                  (1,135)                                                   (23)                                  (1,158)
other                                         (193)         35                                                                                (158)
selling, general and administrative         (3,191)                                                      -                                  (3,191)
the consolidated financial statements are referred to herein as the "consolidated financial statements." the consolidated statements of operations are referred to herein as the "statements of operations." the consolidated balance sheets are referred to herein as the "balance sheets." the consolidated statements of cash flows are referred to herein as the "statements of cash flows." the consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the united states of america ("gaap").
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is intended to help provide an understanding of the company's financial condition, changes in financial condition and results of operations. this discussion is organized as follows:
•overview of the company's businesses-this section provides a general description of the company's businesses, as well as developments that occurred during the two fiscal years ended june 30, 2020 and through the date of this filing that the company believes are important in understanding its results of operations and financial condition or to disclose known trends.
•results of operations-this section provides an analysis of the company's results of operations for the two fiscal years ended june 30, 2020. this analysis is presented on both a consolidated basis and a segment basis. supplemental revenue information is also included for reporting units within certain segments and is presented on a gross basis, before eliminations in consolidation. the company has also presented a discussion of the results of operations on a segment basis for its dow jones and news media segments for the two fiscal years ended june 30, 2019. in addition, a brief description is provided of significant transactions and events that impact the comparability of the results being analyzed. the company maintains a 52-53 week fiscal year ending on the sunday closest to june 30 in each year. fiscal 2020 and 2019 each included 52 weeks.
•liquidity and capital resources-this section provides an analysis of the company's cash flows for the two fiscal years ended june 30, 2020, as well as a discussion of the company's financial arrangements and outstanding commitments, both firm and contingent, that existed as of june 30, 2020.
•critical accounting policies-this section discusses accounting policies considered important to the company's financial condition and results of operations, and which require significant judgment and estimates on the part of management in application. in addition, note 2 to the consolidated financial statements summarizes the company's significant accounting policies, including the critical accounting policies discussed in this section.
overview of the company's businesses the company manages and reports its businesses in the following six segments:
•digital real estate services-the digital real estate services segment consists of the company's 61.6% interest in rea group and 80% interest in move. the remaining 20% interest in move is held by rea group. rea group is a market-leading digital media business specializing in property and is listed on the australian securities exchange ("asx") (asx: rea). rea group advertises property and property-related services on its websites and mobile apps across australia and asia, including australia's leading residential, commercial and share property websites, realestate.com.au, realcommercial.com.au and flatmates.com.au, and property portals in asia. in addition, rea group provides property-related data to the financial sector and financial services through an end-to-end digital property search and financing experience and a mortgage broking offering.
move is a leading provider of digital real estate services in the u.s. and primarily operates realtor.com®, a premier real estate information and services marketplace. move offers real estate advertising solutions to agents and brokers, including its connectionssm plus and advantagesm pro products as well as its referral-based services. move also offers a number of professional software and services products, including top producer® and listhubtm.
•subscription video services-the company's subscription video services segment provides video sports, entertainment and news services to pay-tv subscribers and other commercial licensees, primarily via cable, satellite and internet distribution, and consists of (i) the company's 65% interest in foxtel (with the remaining 35% interest in foxtel held by telstra, an asx-listed telecommunications company) and (ii) australian news channel ("anc"). foxtel is the largest pay-tv provider in australia, with nearly 200 channels covering sports, general entertainment, movies, documentaries, music, children's programming and news. foxtel offers the leading sports programming content in australia, with broadcast rights to live sporting events including: national rugby league, australian football league, cricket australia, the domestic football league, the australian rugby union and various motorsports programming. foxtel also operates foxtel now, an over-the-top, or ott, service that provides access across foxtel's live and on-demand content, kayo, its sports ott service, and binge, its recently launched on-demand entertainment ott service.
anc operates the sky news network, australia's 24-hour multi-channel, multi-platform news service. anc channels are distributed throughout australia and new zealand and available on foxtel and sky network television nz. anc also owns and operates the international australia channel iptv service and offers content across a variety of digital media platforms, including web, mobile and third party providers.
•dow jones-the dow jones segment consists of dow jones, a global provider of news and business information, which distributes its content and data through a variety of media channels including newspapers, newswires, websites, applications, or apps, for mobile devices, tablets and e-book readers, newsletters, magazines, proprietary databases, live journalism, video and podcasts. dow jones's products, which target individual consumer and enterprise customers, include the wall street journal, factiva, dow jones risk & compliance, dow jones newswires, barron's and marketwatch.
•book publishing-the book publishing segment consists of harpercollins, the second largest consumer book publisher in the world, with operations in 17 countries and particular strengths in general fiction, nonfiction, children's and religious publishing. harpercollins owns more than 120 branded publishing imprints, including harper, william morrow, harpercollins children's books, avon, harlequin and christian publishers zondervan and thomas nelson, and publishes works by well-known authors such as harper lee, chip and joanna gaines, david williams, angie thomas, sarah young and agatha christie and popular titles such as the hobbit, goodnight moon, to kill a mockingbird, jesus calling and the hate u give.
•news media-the news media segment consists primarily of news corp australia, news uk and the new york post and includes, among other publications, the australian, the daily telegraph, herald sun, the courier mail and the advertiser in australia and the times, the sunday times, the sun and the sun on sunday in the u.k. this segment also includes wireless group, operator of talksport, the leading sports radio network in the u.k., and storyful, a social media content agency. the segment included news america marketing until the completion of the sale of the business on may 5, 2020.
•other-the other segment consists primarily of general corporate overhead expenses, the corporate strategy group and costs related to the u.k. newspaper matters.
digital real estate services the digital real estate services segment generates revenue through property and property-related advertising and services, including the sale of real estate listing products and referral-based services to agents, brokers and developers, real estate services, display advertising on its residential real estate and commercial property sites and residential property data services to the financial sector. the digital real estate services segment also generates revenue through licenses of certain professional software products on a subscription basis and fees and commissions from referrals generated through its end-to-end digital property search and financing offering and mortgage broking services. significant expenses associated with these sites, services and software solutions include development costs, advertising and promotional expenses, hosting and support services, salaries, broker commissions, employee benefits and other routine overhead expenses.
consumers overwhelmingly turn to the internet and mobile devices for real estate information and services. the digital real estate services segment's success depends on its continued innovation to provide products and services that are useful for consumers and real estate, mortgage and financial services professionals and attractive to its advertisers. the digital real estate services segment operates in a highly competitive digital environment with other real estate and property websites.
subscription video services the company's subscription video services segment consists of (i) its 65% interest in foxtel and (ii) anc. foxtel is the largest pay-tv provider in australia, delivering nearly 200 channels including the leading sports programming content in australia. foxtel generates revenue primarily through subscription revenue as well as advertising revenue.
foxtel competes for audiences primarily with a variety of other video content providers, such as traditional free-to-air ("fta") tv operators in australia, including the three major commercial fta networks and two major government-funded fta broadcasters, and new content providers that deliver video programming over the internet. these providers include, internet protocol television, or iptv, and subscription video-on-demand providers such as fetch tv, netflix, stan and amazon prime video; streaming services offered through digital media providers; as well as programmers and distributors that provide content directly to consumers over the internet.
anc operates the sky news network, australia's 24-hour multi-channel, multi-platform news service, and also owns and operates the australia channel iptv service for international markets. revenue is primarily derived from monthly affiliate fees received from pay-tv providers based on the number of subscribers and advertising.
the most significant operating expenses of the subscription video services segment are the acquisition and production expenses related to programming, the expenses related to operating the technical facilities of the broadcast operations, expenses related to cable, satellite, internet and broadband transmission costs and studio and engineering expense. the expenses associated with licensing certain programming rights are recognized during the applicable season or event, which can cause results at the subscription video services segment to fluctuate based on the timing and mix of foxtel's local and international sports programming. programming rights associated with a dedicated channel are amortized over 12 months. other expenses include subscriber acquisition costs such as sales costs and marketing and promotional expenses related to improving the market visibility and awareness of the channels and their programming. additional expenses include salaries, employee benefits, rent and other routine overhead expenses.
dow jones dow jones's products target individual consumers and enterprise customers. revenue from dow jones's consumer business is derived primarily from circulation, which includes subscription and single-copy sales of its digital and print consumer products, the sale of digital and print advertising, licensing fees for its print and digital consumer content and participation fees for its live journalism events. circulation revenues are dependent on the content of dow jones's consumer products, prices of its and/or competitors' products, as well as promotional activities and news cycles. advertising revenue is dependent on a number of factors, including demand for dow jones's consumer products, general economic and business conditions, including adverse effects resulting from the economic uncertainty created by covid-19, demographics of the customer base, advertising rates and effectiveness and brand strength and reputation. advertising revenues are also subject to seasonality, with revenues typically highest in the company's second fiscal quarter due to the end-of-year holiday season. in addition, the traditional consumer print business faces challenges from alternative media formats and shifting consumer preferences, which have adversely affected, and are expected to continue to adversely affect, both print circulation and advertising revenues. advertising, in particular, has been impacted by long-term structural movements in advertising spending from print to digital. the increasing range of advertising choices and formats has resulted in audience fragmentation and increased competition. technologies and policies have also been and will continue to be developed and implemented that may make it more difficult to serve digital advertising based on user data and behaviors or allow users to block advertising on websites and mobile devices, which may impact digital advertising rates or revenues. as a multi-platform news provider, dow jones recognizes the importance of maximizing revenues from a variety of media formats and platforms, both in terms of paid-for content and in new advertising models, and continues to invest in its digital and other products, which represent an increasingly larger share of revenues at its consumer business. smartphones, tablets and similar devices, their related apps and other technologies, provide continued opportunities for dow jones to make its content available to a new audience of readers, introduce new or different pricing schemes and develop its products to continue to attract advertisers and/or affect the relationship between content providers and consumers. dow jones continues to develop and implement strategies to exploit its content across a variety of media channels and platforms, including leveraging its content through licensing arrangements with third-party distribution platforms and growing its live journalism events business, which has been affected in recent periods by uncertainty, cancellations and postponements caused by covid-19 and new revenue models for virtual events.
operating expenses for the consumer business include costs related to paper, production, distribution, third party printing, editorial and commissions. selling, general and administrative expenses include promotional expenses, salaries, employee benefits, rent and other routine overheads. the costs associated with printing and distributing newspapers, including paper prices and delivery costs, are key operating expenses whose fluctuations can have a material effect on the results of dow jones's consumer business. the dow jones consumer business is affected by the cyclical increases and decreases in the price of paper and other factors that may affect paper prices, including tariffs or other restrictions on non-u.s. paper suppliers. in addition, dow jones relies on third parties for much of the printing and distribution of its print products. long-term structural movements from print to digital and the more immediate economic impacts of covid-19 present challenges to the financial and operational stability of these third parties which could, in turn, increase the cost of printing and distributing the company's newspapers.
dow jones's consumer products compete for consumers, audience and advertising with other local and national newspapers, web and app-based media, magazines, social media sources and podcasts, as well as other media such as television, radio stations and outdoor displays. as a result of rapidly changing and evolving technologies, distribution platforms and business models, dow jones's consumer business continues to face increasing competition for both circulation and advertising revenue, including from a variety of alternative news and information sources. these include both paid and free websites, digital apps, news aggregators, blogs, podcasts, search engines, social media networks, digital advertising networks and exchanges, bidding and other programmatic advertising buying channels, as well as other emerging media and distribution platforms, including off-platform distribution of its products.
dow jones's professional information business, which targets enterprise customers, derives revenue primarily from subscriptions to its professional information products. the professional information business serves enterprise customers with products that combine news and information with technology and tools that inform decisions and aid awareness, research and understanding. the success of the professional information business depends on its ability to provide products, services, applications and functionalities that meet the needs of its enterprise customers, who operate in information-intensive and oftentimes highly regulated industries such as finance and insurance. the professional information business must also anticipate and respond to industry trends and regulatory and technological changes.
significant expenses for the professional information business include development costs, sales and marketing expenses, hosting and support services, royalties, salaries, consulting and professional fees, sales commissions, employee benefits and other routine overhead expenses.
dow jones professional information products compete with various information service providers, compliance data providers and global financial newswires, including reuters news, lexisnexis and refinitiv, as well as many other providers of news, information and compliance data.
book publishing the book publishing segment derives revenues from the sale of general fiction, nonfiction, children's and religious books in the u.s. and internationally. the revenues and operating results of the book publishing segment are significantly affected by the timing of releases and the number of its books in the marketplace. the book publishing marketplace is subject to increased periods of demand during the end-of-year holiday season in its main operating geographies. this marketplace is highly competitive and continues to change due to technological developments, including additional digital platforms, such as e-books and downloadable audiobooks, and distribution channels and other factors. each book is a separate and distinct product and its financial success depends upon many factors, including public acceptance.
major new title releases represent a significant portion of the book publishing segment's sales throughout the fiscal year. print-based consumer books are generally sold on a fully returnable basis, resulting in the return of unsold books. in the domestic and international markets, the book publishing segment is subject to global trends and local economic conditions. operating expenses for the book publishing segment include costs related to paper, printing, authors' royalties, editorial, promotional, art and design expenses. selling, general and administrative expenses include salaries, employee benefits, rent and other routine overhead.
news media revenue at the news media segment is derived primarily from the sale of advertising, circulation and subscriptions, as well as licensing. adverse changes in general market conditions for advertising, including as a result of the economic uncertainty caused by covid-19, continue to affect revenues. advertising revenues at the news media segment are also subject to seasonality, with revenues typically being highest in the company's second fiscal quarter due to the end-of-year holiday season in its main operating geographies. circulation and subscription revenues can be greatly affected by changes in the prices of the company's and/or competitors' products, as well as by promotional activities and news cycles.
operating expenses include costs related to paper, production, distribution, third party printing, editorial, commissions and radio sports rights. selling, general and administrative expenses include promotional expenses, salaries, employee benefits, rent and other routine overhead.
the cost of paper is a key operating expense whose fluctuations can have a material effect on the results of the segment. the news media segment continues to be exposed to risks associated with paper used for printing. paper is a basic commodity and its price is sensitive to the balance of supply and demand. the news media segment's expenses are affected by the cyclical increases and decreases in the price of paper and other factors that may affect paper prices, including tariffs. the news media segment's products compete for readership, audience and advertising with local and national competitors and also compete with other media alternatives in their respective markets. competition for circulation and subscriptions is based on the content of the products provided, pricing and, from time to time, various promotions. the success of these products also depends upon advertisers' judgments as to the most effective use of their advertising budgets. competition for advertising is based upon the reach of the products, advertising rates and advertiser results. such judgments are based on factors such as cost, availability of alternative media, distribution and quality of consumer demographics.
the news media segment's traditional print business faces challenges from alternative media formats and shifting consumer preferences. the news media segment is also exposed to the impact of long-term structural movements in advertising spending, in particular, the move in advertising from print to digital. these alternative media formats could impact the segment's overall performance, positively or negatively. in addition, technologies and policies have been and will continue to be developed and implemented that may make it more difficult to serve digital advertising based on user data and behaviors or allow users to block advertising on websites and mobile devices, which may impact digital advertising rates or revenues.
as multi-platform news providers, the businesses within the news media segment recognize the importance of maximizing revenues from a variety of media formats and platforms, both in terms of paid-for content and in new advertising models, and continue to invest in their digital products. smartphones, tablets and similar devices, their related apps and other technologies, provide continued opportunities for the businesses within the news media segment to make their content available to a new audience of readers, introduce new or different pricing schemes and develop their products to continue to attract advertisers and/or affect the relationship between content providers and consumers. the businesses within the news media segment continue to develop and implement strategies to exploit their content across a variety of media channels and platforms.
other the other segment primarily consists of general corporate overhead expenses, the corporate strategy group and costs related to the u.k. newspaper matters.
other business developments covid-19 impact covid-19 is believed to have been first identified in china in late 2019 and has spread globally. the rapid spread has resulted in authorities implementing numerous measures to try to contain the virus, including quarantines, shelter-in-place and other social distancing orders, event cancellations, travel restrictions, school shutdowns and orders for many businesses to curtail or cease normal operations. the impact of covid-19 and measures to prevent its spread have created significant economic volatility, uncertainty and disruption and have affected, and are continuing to affect, the company's businesses in a number of ways. these impacts began to materialize toward the end of the third fiscal quarter, continued into the fourth fiscal quarter and had a material impact on the company's results of operations for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2020. while the company expects the impacts to continue into fiscal 2021, the rate and magnitude are expected to slow to the extent containment measures in its primary operating geographies become more relaxed over time. however, recent spikes in infections in a number of jurisdictions have caused governments to reassess the easing of social distancing measures and business curtailments and closures and may cause governmental agencies to impose previous restrictions, which could, in turn, delay expected improvements in the economy and the company's business. as of the date of this filing, the company has observed the following effects on its businesses:
digital real estate services: the real estate markets in australia, asia and the u.s. have been, and may continue to be, negatively impacted as a result of social distancing measures, business closures and economic uncertainty resulting from covid-19. weakness in new listing volumes, lower transaction volume and other adverse effects, as well as measures the company has taken to support its customers, including re-list and re-upgrade offers for new listings and price concessions, have adversely affected and may continue to adversely affect revenues. although residential real estate activity has increased in recent months, including higher listing volumes in australia and improved lead volume in the u.s., real estate markets are expected to remain volatile while covid-19 is ongoing, particularly as governments in australia and the u.s. have reimposed various restrictions. during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020, the company continued to see strong user traffic at its primary online properties.
subscription video services: the cancellation or postponement of sports events for which the company has broadcast rights resulted in fewer subscribers to its sports services beginning in march 2020, including kayo, which, in turn, has adversely affected and may continue to adversely affect subscription revenue from broadcast and kayo subscribers and, together with adverse economic conditions, have negatively impacted and are expected to continue to adversely impact advertising revenue. however, the company began to see subscribers return to its sports services during the fourth quarter as a number of live sports resumed across australia, including a significant increase in kayo subscribers. the company has resumed recognizing programming amortization expense for those events that have restarted, and expects to recognize approximately $55 million of additional sports programming rights costs in fiscal 2021 that were deferred from fiscal 2020. profitability in future periods may be adversely impacted if the company does not generate sufficient incremental subscription and advertising revenues to offset these costs and compensate for prior losses. in addition, the closures of pubs and clubs and lower occupancy at hotels throughout australia have adversely impacted and are expected to continue to adversely impact commercial subscription revenues; however the company has seen the gradual recovery of commercial subscribers which remains dependent on the easing of government restrictions and social distancing measures.
as a result of the cancellation or postponement of sports events, the company renegotiated its existing agreements with certain affected sports leagues to reflect the modified scheduling of sports events and cost concessions and expects to save an estimated a$180 million in sports programming costs over the next three fiscal years as a result. while a number of sports have resumed play, any future postponement of sports events for which the company has broadcast rights will cause a deferral of the recognition of the associated programming amortization expense for the period in which no live games are being played.
dow jones: advertising and single-copy sales revenues in the segment have been, and are expected to continue to be, adversely affected as a result of business closures, social distancing measures and economic uncertainty resulting from covid-19. live journalism events also continue to be impacted by uncertainty, cancellations and postponements caused by travel restrictions, social distancing measures and economic uncertainty resulting from covid-19; however, the company is developing new revenue models around virtual events in response to the current environment. the company has seen increases in digital paid subscriptions at the wall street journal, as well as digital audience gains at dow jones's online properties.
book publishing: sales have been adversely affected by shipping restrictions and delays imposed by online retailers, as well as closures of, and operational restrictions on, brick-and-mortar retail stores. the impact of such restrictions has diminished in recent months as governmental restrictions and shelter in place orders have been gradually reduced. the company has also seen an increase in sales of digital formats of its titles, which remain readily available from online retailers.
news media: advertising and single-copy sales revenues in the segment have been, and are expected to continue to be, adversely affected as a result of business closures, social distancing measures and economic uncertainty resulting from covid-19. however, the company has seen increases in digital paid subscribers, including at the the times, the sunday times and the australian, as well as digital audience gains at online versions of its news properties.
the company has taken various steps to mitigate the impact of covid-19, including reducing variable costs and implementing cost-savings initiatives across its businesses such as significant reductions and/or deferrals in discretionary spending, non-essential capital expenditures and headcount and permanently transitioning certain newspaper operations to digital-only. the company expects to benefit from these cost-savings initiatives in future periods, including an estimated $100 million of cost reductions at foxtel in fiscal 2021, net of the $55 million increase in sports rights costs described above. the company is also implementing a shared services program to centralize a number of its functional areas. while it is still evaluating the cost savings opportunity from this program and the upfront investment required, the company expects to recognize annualized cost savings of at least $100 million beginning in fiscal 2022.
the ultimate impact of covid-19, including the extent of adverse impacts on the company's business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition, will depend on, among other things, the severity, duration, spread and any reoccurrence of covid-19, the impact of governmental actions and business and consumer behavior in response to covid-19, the effectiveness of actions taken to contain or mitigate the outbreak and prevent or limit any reoccurrence, the resulting global economic conditions and how quickly and to what extent normal economic and operating conditions can resume, all of which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. the evolving and uncertain nature of this situation makes it challenging for management to estimate the future performance of the company's businesses, including the supply and demand for the company's products and services, its cash flows, its advertising revenues, the impact on the delivery of programming and associated payments and the collectability of receivables. for additional information regarding risks related to covid-19, please see "the ongoing novel coronavirus (covid-19) pandemic and other similar epidemics, pandemics or widespread health crises could have a material adverse effect on the company's business, results of operations, cash flows and financial position." in part i, item 1a. of this form 10-k.
sale of news america marketing on may 5, 2020, the company sold its news america marketing business, a reporting unit within its news media segment (the "disposition"). the aggregate purchase price for the disposition consists of (a) up to approximately $235 million, comprised of (i) $50 million in cash at closing, subject to working capital and other adjustments, less cash reinvested to acquire a 5% equity interest in the business at closing, and (ii) additional deferred cash payments payable on or before the fifth anniversary of closing in an aggregate amount of between $125 million and approximately $185 million, depending on the timing of such payments, and (b) a warrant to purchase up to an additional 10% equity interest in the business, which is exercisable on or prior to the seventh anniversary of closing. in the disposition, the company retained certain liabilities relating to news america marketing, including those arising from its ongoing legal proceedings with valassis communications, inc. and insignia systems, inc. see note 17-
commitments and contingencies in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. see note 4-acquisitions, disposals and other transactions in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information.
sale of unruly in january 2020, the company sold unruly to tremor international ltd ("tremor") for approximately 7% of tremor's outstanding shares. the company agreed not to sell the tremor shares for a period of 18 months after closing. at closing, the company and tremor entered into a three year commercial arrangement which granted tremor the exclusive right to sell outstream video advertising on all of the company's digital properties in exchange for a total minimum revenue guarantee for news corp of £30 million. see note 4-acquisitions, disposals and other transactions in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information.
fiscal 2019
in october 2018, the company acquired opcity inc. ("opcity"), a market-leading real estate technology platform that matches qualified home buyers and sellers with real estate professionals in real time. the total transaction value was approximately $210 million, consisting of approximately $182 million in cash, net of $7 million of cash acquired, and approximately $28 million in deferred payments and restricted stock unit awards for opcity's founders and qualifying employees, which is being recognized as compensation expense over the three years following the closing. included in the cash amount was approximately $20 million that is being held back to satisfy post-closing claims. the acquisition broadens realtor.com®'s lead generation product portfolio, allowing real estate professionals to choose between traditional lead products or a referral-based model that provides highly vetted, transaction-ready leads. opcity is a subsidiary of move, and its results are included within the digital real estate services segment.
in addition to the acquisition noted above, the company used $26 million of cash for additional acquisitions during fiscal 2019, primarily relating to racing internet services ("racenet") and medium rare content agency ("medium rare"), an integrated content agency. racenet and medium rare are subsidiaries of news corp australia and the results of each are included within the news media segment.
results of operations-fiscal 2020 versus fiscal 2019
the following table sets forth the company's operating results for fiscal 2020 as compared to fiscal 2019.
for the fiscal years ended june 30,
2020                                                                                                           2019                         change                   % change
(in millions, except %)                                                                                                                                        better/(worse)
revenues:
circulation and subscription                                                 $3,857                      $4,104                        $(247)                        (6)    %
advertising                                                                   2,193                       2,738                         (545)                       (20)    %
consumer                                                                      1,593                       1,679                          (86)                        (5)    %
real estate                                                                     862                         908                          (46)                        (5)    %
other                                                                           503                         645                         (142)                       (22)    %
total revenues                                                                9,008                      10,074                       (1,066)                       (11)    %
operating expenses                                                          (5,000)                     (5,639)                           639                         11    %
selling, general and administrative                                         (2,995)                     (3,191)                           196                          6    %
depreciation and amortization                                                 (644)                       (659)                            15                          2    %
impairment and restructuring charges                                        (1,830)                       (188)                       (1,642)                              **
equity losses of affiliates                                                    (47)                        (17)                          (30)                              **
interest expense, net                                                          (25)                        (59)                            34                         58    %
other, net                                                                        9                          33                          (24)                       (73)    %
(loss) income before income tax expense                                     (1,524)                         354                       (1,878)                              **
income tax expense                                                             (21)                       (126)                           105                         83    %
net (loss) income                                                           (1,545)                         228                       (1,773)                              **
less: net loss (income) attributable to noncontrolling interests                276                        (73)                           349                              **
net (loss) income attributable to news corporation stockholders            $(1,269)                        $155                      $(1,424)                              **
________________________
** not meaningful revenues-revenues decreased $1,066 million, or 11%, for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2020 as compared to fiscal 2019. the decrease was largely driven by lower revenues at the news media segment of $606 million, primarily due to lower revenues from news america marketing of $246 million driven mainly by the sale of the business in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020, continued weakness in the print advertising market, which was further exacerbated by covid-19, the $91 million negative impact of foreign currency fluctuations and the absence of the $48 million benefit related to news uk's exit from the partnership for sun bets in the first quarter of fiscal 2019, partially offset by price increases and digital subscriber growth across key mastheads. revenues at the subscription video services segment decreased by $318 million, primarily due to the $126 million negative impact of foreign currency fluctuations and lower subscription revenues resulting from fewer broadcast subscribers and changes in the subscriber package mix, partially offset by $44 million of higher revenues from ott products, primarily kayo. revenues at the digital real estate services and book publishing segments decreased $94 million and $88 million, respectively, while revenues at the dow jones segment increased $41 million. covid-19 had an estimated $370 million negative impact on consolidated revenues for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2020. the impact represents the company's best estimate based on historical trends in operating performance and known identifiable impacts.
the impact of foreign currency fluctuations of the u.s. dollar against local currencies resulted in a revenue decrease of $275 million, or 3%, for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2020 as compared to fiscal 2019. the company calculates the impact of foreign currency fluctuations for businesses reporting in currencies other than the u.s. dollar by multiplying the results for each quarter in the current period by the difference between the average exchange rate for that quarter and the average exchange rate in effect during the corresponding quarter of the prior year and totaling the impact for all quarters in the current period.
operating expenses-operating expenses decreased $639 million, or 11%, for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2020 as compared to fiscal 2019. the decrease was largely due to lower operating expenses at the news media segment of $358 million, primarily due to the sale of news america marketing, cost savings initiatives, the $50 million positive impact of foreign currency fluctuations, lower newsprint, production and distribution costs and the $22 million impact from the settlement of certain warranty-related claims pertaining to previously incurred and ongoing repairs and maintenance costs for news uk's printing business. the decrease was also due to lower operating expenses at the subscription video services segment of $256 million, primarily due to the $78 million positive impact of foreign currency fluctuations, lower sports and entertainment programming costs and lower transmission costs. operating expenses at the book publishing segment decreased $40 million. the impact of foreign currency fluctuations of the u.s. dollar against local currencies resulted in an operating expense decrease of $138 million, or 2%, for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2020 as compared to fiscal 2019.
selling, general and administrative-selling, general and administrative expenses decreased $196 million, or 6%, for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2020 as compared to fiscal 2019. the decrease in selling, general and administrative for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2020 was primarily due to lower expenses of $119 million at the news media segment, driven by the $41 million positive impact of foreign currency fluctuations, cost savings initiatives, the absence of costs associated with the sale of certain local radio stations in the u.k. in fiscal 2019 and the absence of costs resulting from the sale of unruly in the third quarter of fiscal 2020. the decrease was also due to lower expenses of $66 million at the digital real estate services segment, driven by lower marketing costs and cost savings initiatives. the impact of foreign currency fluctuations of the u.s. dollar against local currencies resulted in a selling, general and administrative decrease of $92 million, or 3%, for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2020 as compared to fiscal 2019.
depreciation and amortization-depreciation and amortization expense decreased $15 million, or 2%, for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2020 as compared to fiscal 2019. the impact of foreign currency fluctuations of the u.s. dollar against local currencies resulted in a depreciation and amortization expense decrease of $26 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2020 as compared to fiscal 2019.
impairment and restructuring charges-during the fiscal years ended june 30, 2020 and 2019, the company recorded restructuring charges of $140 million and $92 million, respectively, of which $84 million and $68 million, respectively, related to the news media segment. the increase in restructuring charges was primarily as a result of initiatives undertaken by the company in response to covid-19.
during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2020, the company recognized non-cash impairment charges of $1,690 million, primarily due to a $931 million write-down of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets at its foxtel reporting unit in the third quarter of fiscal 2020, $410 million of write-downs related to news america marketing, including $175 million related to its reclassification to assets held for sale in the third quarter of fiscal 2020, and $292 million in impairments of property, plant and equipment, goodwill and intangible assets identified during the company's annual impairment assessment.
during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019, the company recognized non-cash impairment charges of $96 million primarily related to the impairment of goodwill and intangible assets.
see note 5-restructuring programs, note 7-property, plant and equipment and note 8-goodwill and other intangible assets in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
equity losses of affiliates-equity losses of affiliates increased by $30 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2020 as compared to fiscal 2019, primarily due to the impairment of certain equity method investments. see note 6-investments in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
interest expense, net-interest expense, net for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2020 decreased $34 million as compared to fiscal 2019, primarily due to the settlement of cash flow hedges related to debt maturities occurring in the first quarter of fiscal 2020 and lower third party interest expense due to repayments of maturing debt facilities. see note 9-borrowings in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
other, net-other, net decreased $24 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2020 as compared to fiscal 2019. see note 22-additional financial information in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
income tax expense-the company's income tax expense and effective tax rate for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2020 were $21 million and (1)%, respectively, as compared to an income tax expense and effective tax rate of $126 million and 36%, respectively, for fiscal 2019.
for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2020 the company recorded income tax expense of $21 million on a pre-tax loss of $1,524 million resulting in an effective tax rate that was lower than the u.s. statutory tax rate. the tax rate was impacted by the non-cash impairments, which have low or no tax benefit, valuation allowances being recorded against tax benefits in certain foreign jurisdictions with operating losses and by the impact of foreign operations which are subject to higher tax rates.
for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019, the company recorded income tax expense of $126 million on pre-tax income of $354 million resulting in an effective tax rate that was higher than the u.s. statutory tax rate. the higher tax rate was primarily due to lower tax benefits on impairments, valuation allowances being recorded against tax benefits in certain foreign jurisdictions with operating losses and the impact from foreign operations which are subject to higher tax rates.
management assesses available evidence to determine whether sufficient future taxable income will be generated to permit the use of existing deferred tax assets. based on management's assessment of available evidence, it has been determined that it is more likely than not that certain deferred tax assets in u.s. federal, state and foreign jurisdictions may not be realized and therefore, a valuation allowance has been established against those tax assets.
the adverse economic effects of covid-19 have caused the company to reassess the need for valuation allowances against deferred tax assets. as a result of this analysis, the company determined no additional valuation allowances were needed against deferred tax assets and the company will continue to monitor the impacts of covid-19 on the company's ability to realize its deferred tax assets.
in response to covid-19, many governments have enacted measures to provide aid and economic stimulus to companies. these measures include deferring the due dates of tax payments, favorable changes in estimated payment calculations, or other changes to their income and non-income-based tax laws (the "covid-19 measures"). on march 27, 2020, the coronavirus aid, relief, and economic security act (the "cares act") was enacted in the u.s. in response to covid-19. the cares act contains several income tax provisions, such as relaxing limitations on the deductibility of interest and the use of net operating losses arising in taxable years beginning after december 31, 2017. for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2020, there were no material impacts to the company's income tax provision as it relates to covid-19 measures. the company continues to monitor developments in relation to covid-19 measures and their applicability to its business in the jurisdictions where it operates.
net (loss) income-net loss was $1,545 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2020, a decline of $1,773 million as compared to fiscal 2019, primarily driven by the increase in non-cash impairment and restructuring charges discussed above.
net loss (income) attributable to noncontrolling interests-net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests was $276 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2020, a decline of $349 million as compared to fiscal 2019, primarily due to the impact of the non-cash impairment charges recognized at the company's foxtel reporting unit.
segment analysis segment ebitda is defined as revenues less operating expenses and selling, general and administrative expenses. segment ebitda does not include: depreciation and amortization, impairment and restructuring charges, equity losses of affiliates, interest (expense) income, net, other, net and income tax (expense) benefit. segment ebitda may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies, since companies and investors may differ as to what items should be included in the calculation of segment ebitda.
segment ebitda is the primary measure used by the company's chief operating decision maker to evaluate the performance of, and allocate resources within, the company's businesses. segment ebitda provides management, investors and equity analysts with a measure to analyze the operating performance of each of the company's business segments and its enterprise value against historical data and competitors' data, although historical results may not be indicative of future results (as operating performance is highly contingent on many factors, including customer tastes and preferences).
total segment ebitda is a non-gaap measure and should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for, net income (loss), cash flow and other measures of financial performance reported in accordance with gaap. in addition, this measure does not reflect cash available to fund requirements and excludes items, such as depreciation and amortization and impairment and restructuring charges, which are significant components in assessing the company's financial performance. the company believes that the presentation of total segment ebitda provides useful information regarding the company's operations and other factors that affect the company's reported results. specifically, the company believes that by excluding certain one-time or non-cash items such as impairment and restructuring charges and depreciation and amortization, as well as potential distortions between periods caused by factors such as financing and capital structures and changes in tax positions or regimes, the company provides users of its consolidated financial statements with insight into both its core operations as well as the factors that affect reported results between periods but which the company believes are not representative of its core business. as a result, users of the company's consolidated financial statements are better able to evaluate changes in the core operating results of the company across different periods.
the following table reconciles net (loss) income to total segment ebitda for the fiscal years ended june 30, 2020 and 2019:
for the fiscal years ended june 30,
2020                                                                                     2019
(in millions)
net (loss) income                               $(1,545)                            $228
add:
income tax expense                                    21                             126
other, net                                           (9)                            (33)
interest expense, net                                 25                              59
equity losses of affiliates                           47                              17
impairment and restructuring charges               1,830                             188
depreciation and amortization                        644                             659
total segment ebitda                              $1,013                          $1,244
the following table sets forth the company's revenues and segment ebitda for the fiscal years ended june 30, 2020 and 2019:
for the fiscal years ended june 30,
2020                                                                                                                                                   2019
(in millions)                             revenues                      segment                     revenues                      segment ebitda                                                    ebitda digital real estate services           $1,065                         $345                       $1,159                         $378
subscription video services             1,884                          323                        2,202                          379
dow jones                               1,590                          236                        1,549                          208
book publishing                         1,666                          214                        1,754                          252
news media                              2,801                           53                        3,407                          182
other                                       2                        (158)                            3                        (155)
total                                  $9,008                       $1,013                      $10,074                       $1,244
digital real estate services (12% of the company's consolidated revenues in both fiscal 2020 and 2019)
for the fiscal years ended june 30,
2020                                                                       2019                     change                   % change
(in millions, except %)                                                                                                better/(worse)
revenues:
circulation and subscription                  $36                       $49                     $(13)                       (27)    %
advertising                                    98                       122                      (24)                       (20)    %
real estate                                   862                       908                      (46)                        (5)    %
other                                          69                        80                      (11)                       (14)    %
total revenues                              1,065                     1,159                      (94)                        (8)    %
operating expenses                          (172)                     (167)                       (5)                        (3)    %
selling, general and administrative         (548)                     (614)       66                         11                     %
segment ebitda                               $345                      $378                     $(33)                        (9)    %
for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2020, revenues at the digital real estate services segment decreased $94 million, or 8%, as compared to fiscal 2019. at rea group, revenues decreased $82 million, or 12%, to $592 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2020 from $674 million in fiscal 2019. the lower revenues were primarily due to the $39 million negative impact of foreign currency fluctuations, a decrease in australian residential depth revenue driven by declines in listing volumes and lower developer revenue due to fewer project launches. revenues at move decreased $11 million, or 2%, to $473 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2020 from $484 million in fiscal 2019, driven by a $13 million and $7 million decline in software and services and advertising revenues, respectively, partially offset by a $9 million increase in real estate revenues. increased real estate revenues generated from the referral model and the local expert and market reach products were partially offset by lower lead generation product revenues resulting from the transition of leads to the referral model. discounts offered to customers in response to the covid-19 pandemic had an estimated $15 million negative impact on real estate revenues at move.
for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2020, segment ebitda at the digital real estate services segment decreased $33 million, or 9%, as compared to fiscal 2019. the decrease in segment ebitda was primarily due to lower revenues as discussed above, the $21 million negative impact of foreign currency fluctuations and the $10 million impact associated with the acquisition of and continued investment in opcity, partially offset by lower costs at move and rea group.
subscription video services (21% and 22% of the company's consolidated revenues in fiscal 2020 and 2019, respectively)
for the fiscal years ended june 30,
2020                                                                           2019                       change                   % change
(in millions, except %)                                                                                                      better/(worse)
revenues:
circulation and subscription                 $1,673                      $1,926                      $(253)                       (13)    %
advertising                                     174                         215                        (41)                       (19)    %
other                                            37                          61                        (24)                       (39)    %
total revenues                                1,884                       2,202                       (318)                       (14)    %
operating expenses                          (1,220)                     (1,476)                         256        17                     %
selling, general and administrative           (341)                       (347)                           6        2                      %
segment ebitda                                 $323                        $379                       $(56)                       (15)    %
for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2020, revenues at the subscription video services segment decreased $318 million, or 14%, as compared to fiscal 2019. the revenue decrease was primarily due to the negative impact of foreign currency fluctuations, lower subscription revenues resulting from fewer residential broadcast subscribers, changes in the subscriber package mix and the $30 million impact from lower commercial subscription revenues resulting from the closures of pubs, clubs and other commercial venues due to covid-19 and lower advertising revenues due to market weakness exacerbated by covid-19, partially offset by $44 million of higher revenues from ott products, primarily kayo. the impact of foreign currency fluctuations of the u.s. dollar against local currencies resulted in a revenue decrease of $126 million, or 5%, for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2020 as compared to fiscal 2019.
for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2020, segment ebitda decreased $56 million, or 15%, as compared to fiscal 2019. the segment ebitda decrease was primarily due to the lower revenues discussed above, the $24 million negative impact of foreign currency fluctuations and $16 million of higher non-cash expense related to the acceleration of entertainment programming cost amortization, partially offset by $65 million of lower sports programming costs, a decrease in entertainment programming costs due to lower license fees and lower transmission costs. the lower sports programming costs were primarily driven by the postponement or cancellation of live sports for which the company has broadcast rights due to covid-19. the postponement of sports events results in a deferral of the associated programming amortization expense for the period that no live games are being played.
the following tables provide information regarding certain key performance indicators for foxtel, the primary reporting unit within the subscription video services segment, as of and for the fiscal years ended june 30, 2020 and 2019. management believes these metrics provide useful information to allow investors to understand trends in consumer behavior and acceptance of the various services offered by foxtel. management utilizes these metrics to track and forecast subscription revenue trends across the business's various linear and ott products. see "part i. business" for further detail regarding these performance indicators including definitions and methods of calculation:
as of june 30,
2020                                                        2019
(in 000's)
broadcast subscribers residential(a)                               1,903                            2,104
commercial(b)                                   86          264
ott subscribers (total (paid))
foxtel now(c)                              336 (313 paid)                   460 (446 paid)
kayo(d)                                    465 (419 paid)                   382 (331 paid)
binge(e)                                     80 (56 paid)                         -
total paid subscribers                       2,777                            3,145
for the fiscal years ended june 30,
2020                                                     2019
broadcast arpu(f)                   a$78 (us$52)                           a$78 (us$55)
broadcast subscriber churn(g)       15.3%                                  15.2%
(a) subscribing households throughout australia as of june 30, 2020 and 2019.
(b) commercial subscribers throughout australia as of june 30, 2020 and 2019.
(c) total and paid foxtel now subscribers as of june 30, 2020 and 2019.
(d) total and paid kayo subscribers as of june 30, 2020 and 2019. as of august 4, 2020, kayo had approximately 590 thousand subscribers, of which 542 thousand were paying.
(e)  total and paid binge subscribers as of june 30, 2020. binge was launched on may 25, 2020. as of august 4, 2020, binge had approximately 217 thousand subscribers, of which 185 thousand were paying.
(f) average monthly broadcast residential subscription revenue per user (excluding optus) (broadcast arpu) for the fiscal years ended june 30, 2020 and 2019.
(g) broadcast residential subscriber churn rate (excluding optus) (broadcast subscriber churn) for the fiscal years ended june 30, 2020 and 2019.
dow jones (18% and 15% of the company's consolidated revenues in fiscal 2020 and 2019, respectively)
for the fiscal years ended june 30,
2020                                                                           2019                     change                   % change
(in millions, except %)                                                                                                    better/(worse)
revenues:
circulation and subscription                 $1,191                      $1,120                       $71                          6    %
advertising                                     359                         393                      (34)                        (9)    %
other                                            40                          36                         4                         11    %
total revenues                                1,590                       1,549                        41                          3    %
operating expenses                            (765)                       (755)                      (10)                        (1)    %
selling, general and administrative           (589)                       (586)                       (3)                        (1)    %
segment ebitda                                 $236                        $208                       $28                         13    %
for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2020, revenues at the dow jones segment increased $41 million, or 3%, as compared to fiscal 2019 due to the growth in circulation and subscription revenues, partially offset by a decline in print advertising revenues. digital revenues at the dow jones segment represented 67% of total revenues for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2020, as compared to 63% in fiscal 2019. the impact of foreign currency fluctuations of the u.s. dollar against local currencies resulted in a revenue decrease of $5 million as compared to fiscal 2019.
circulation and subscription revenues for the fiscal years ended june 30,
2020                                                                                    2019               change                         % change
(in millions, except %)                                                                                    better/(worse)
circulation and subscription revenues:
circulation and other                                   $740                        $697                   $43                              6    %
professional information business                        451                         423       28                                           7    %
total circulation and subscription revenues           $1,191                      $1,120                   $71                              6    %
circulation and subscription revenues increased $71 million, or 6%, during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2020 as compared to fiscal 2019. circulation and other revenues increased $43 million, or 6%, primarily due to higher circulation revenues of $28 million driven by growth in digital-only subscriptions at the wall street journal and barron's and the $15 million increase in content licensing revenues, partially offset by lower print volume. during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020, average daily digital-only subscriptions at the wall street journal increased 23% to 2.2 million as compared to the prior fiscal year, and digital revenues represented 58% of circulation revenue for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2020. revenues at the professional information business increased $28 million, or 7%, led by a $26 million increase in risk & compliance product revenues.
the following table summarizes average daily consumer subscriptions during the fourth quarter of the fiscal years ended june 30, 2020 and 2019 for select publications and for all consumer subscription products.(a)
for the three months ended june 30(b),
2020                                                                 2019                     change                   % change
(in thousands, except %)                                                                                         better/(worse)
the wall street journal digital-only subscriptions(c)         2,244                     1,818                       426                         23    %
total subscriptions                   2,998                     2,617                       381                         15    %
barron's digital-only subscriptions(c)           451                       299                       152                         51    %
total subscriptions                     672                       579                        93                         16    %
total consumer(d)
digital-only subscriptions(c)         2,800                     2,189                       611                         28    %
total subscriptions                   3,778                     3,274                       504                         15    %
________________________
(a)based on internal data for the period from march 30, 2020 to june 28, 2020, with independent assurance over global total sales and subscriptions provided by pricewaterhousecoopers llp uk.
(b)subscriptions include individual consumer subscriptions, as well as subscriptions purchased by companies, schools, businesses and associations for use by their respective employees, students, customers or members. subscriptions exclude single-copy sales and copies purchased by hotels, airlines and other businesses for limited distribution or access to customers.
(c)for some publications, including the wall street journal and barron's, dow jones sells bundled print and digital products. for bundles that provide access to both print and digital products every day of the week, only one unit is reported each day and is designated as a print subscription.for bundled products that provide access to the print product only on specified days and full digital access, one print subscription is reported for each day that a print copy is served and one digital subscription is reported for each remaining day of the week.
(d)total consumer consists of the wall street journal, barron's, marketwatch newsletters and financial news, including private equity news.
advertising revenues advertising revenues decreased $34 million, or 9%, during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2020 as compared to fiscal 2019, primarily driven by the $40 million decrease in print advertising revenues resulting from weakness in the print advertising market, which was exacerbated by covid-19, partially offset by a $6 million increase in digital advertising revenue, which represented 46% of advertising revenue for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2020.
segment ebitda for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2020, segment ebitda at the dow jones segment increased $28 million, or 13%, as compared to fiscal 2019. the increase was mainly due to the increase in revenues discussed above and lower newsprint, production and distribution costs, partially offset by increased employee costs.
book publishing (18% and 17% of the company's consolidated revenues in fiscal 2020 and 2019, respectively)
for the fiscal years ended june 30,
2020                                                                           2019                     change                   % change
(in millions, except %)                                                                                                    better/(worse)
revenues:
consumer                                     $1,593                      $1,679                     $(86)                        (5)    %
other                                            73                          75                       (2)                        (3)    %
total revenues                                1,666                       1,754                      (88)                        (5)    %
operating expenses                          (1,134)                     (1,174)                        40        3                      %
selling, general and administrative           (318)                       (328)                        10        3                      %
segment ebitda                                 $214                        $252                     $(38)                       (15)    %
for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2020, revenues at the book publishing segment decreased $88 million, or 5%, as compared to fiscal 2019. the decrease was primarily due to lower sales of rachel hollis titles, homebody: a guide to creating spaces you never want to leave by joanna gaines, the subtle art of not giving a f*ck by mark manson and the hate u give by angie thomas, as well as the $14 million negative impact of foreign currency fluctuations and the impact of covid-19. the decrease was partially offset by strong sales of magnolia table, volume 2 by joanna gaines. digital sales increased 7% compared to fiscal 2019, driven by the continued growth in downloadable audiobooks as well as the growth of e-books as a result of covid-19, and represented 23% of consumer revenues during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2020.
for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2020, segment ebitda at the book publishing segment decreased $38 million, or 15%, as compared to fiscal 2019, primarily due to the lower revenues discussed above and the mix of titles, partially offset by lower costs due to lower sales volumes and cost savings initiatives implemented in response to covid-19.
news media (31% and 34% of the company's consolidated revenues in fiscal 2020 and 2019, respectively)
for the fiscal years ended june 30,
2020                                                                           2019                       change                   % change
(in millions, except %)                                                                                                      better/(worse)
revenues:
circulation and subscription                   $956                      $1,008                       $(52)                        (5)    %
advertising                                   1,562                       2,007                       (445)                       (22)    %
other                                           283                         392                       (109)                       (28)    %
total revenues                                2,801                       3,407                       (606)                       (18)    %
operating expenses                          (1,709)                     (2,067)                         358        17                     %
selling, general and administrative         (1,039)                     (1,158)                         119        10                     %
segment ebitda                                  $53                        $182                      $(129)                       (71)    %
for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2020, revenues at the news media segment decreased $606 million, or 18%, as compared to fiscal 2019. the revenue decrease was primarily due to lower advertising revenues of $445 million as a result of lower revenues from news america marketing of $246 million primarily driven by the sale of the business in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020, continued weakness in the print advertising market, declines related to the covid-19 pandemic and the $41 million negative impact of foreign currency fluctuations, partially offset by digital advertising growth, primarily in the u.k. advertising revenues declined approximated $100 million in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020 driven by covid-19 and, to a lesser extent, continued weakness in the print advertising market.
other revenues for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2020 decreased $109 million as compared to the corresponding period of fiscal 2019 primarily due to the absence of the $48 million benefit related to news uk's exit from the partnership for sun bets in the first quarter of fiscal 2019 and $25 million of lower revenues due to the sale of unruly in january 2020.
circulation and subscription revenues decreased $52 million as compared to fiscal 2019 primarily due to print volume declines exacerbated by covid-19 and the $37 million negative impact of foreign currency fluctuations, partially offset by price increases and digital subscriber growth across key mastheads. the impact of foreign currency fluctuations of the u.s. dollar against local currencies resulted in a revenue decrease of $91 million, or 3%, for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2020 as compared to fiscal 2019.
for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2020, segment ebitda at the news media segment decreased $129 million, or 71%, as compared to fiscal 2019. the decrease was mainly due to lower contributions from news america marketing of $74 million, primarily driven by the sale in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020, and from news corp australia of $56 million, primarily due to lower revenues. the decrease was partially offset by the $22 million impact from the settlement of certain warranty-related claims pertaining to previously incurred and ongoing repairs and maintenance costs at news uk and lower losses at the new york post of $16 million primarily due to higher revenues.
news corp australia revenues were $1,005 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2020, a decrease of $192 million, or 16%, as compared to fiscal 2019 revenues of $1,197 million. advertising revenues decreased $149 million, primarily due to the $121 million decrease in print advertising revenues, primarily driven by weakness in the print advertising market and the suspension of printing operations for approximately 60 community newspapers across australia, as well as the $33 million negative impact of foreign currency fluctuations, partially offset by a $12 million increase due to the acquisition of an integrated content marketing agency. circulation and subscription revenues decreased $24 million driven by the $24 million negative impact of foreign currency fluctuations, as print volume declines were offset by cover price increases and digital subscriber growth. the impact of foreign currency fluctuations of the u.s. dollar against local currencies resulted in a revenue decrease of $65 million, or 5%, for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2020 as compared to fiscal 2019.
news uk revenues were $898 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2020, a decrease of $134 million, or 13%, as compared to fiscal 2019 revenues of $1,032 million. other revenues decreased $65 million, mainly due to the absence of the $48 million benefit related to the exit from the partnership for sun bets in the first quarter of fiscal 2019. circulation and subscription revenues decreased $34 million, primarily due to single-copy volume declines, mainly at the sun, which were more pronounced as a result of covid-19, and the $13 million negative impact of foreign currency fluctuations, partially offset by digital subscriber growth and cover price increases across mastheads. advertising revenues decreased $35 million, primarily due to weakness in the print advertising market and the $6 million negative impact of foreign currency fluctuations, partially offset by digital advertising growth, mainly at the sun. the impact of foreign currency fluctuations of the u.s. dollar against local currencies resulted in a revenue decrease of $23 million, or 2%, for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2020 as compared to fiscal 2019.
news america marketing revenues at news america marketing were $649 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2020, a decrease of $246 million, or 27%, as compared to fiscal 2019 revenues of $895 million. the decrease was primarily related to the sale of news america marketing in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020, as well as $60 million of lower home delivered revenues, which include free-standing insert products, due to lower volume and rates, and $30 million of lower in-store revenues, mainly due to lower client spending, through may 5, 2020.
results of operations-fiscal 2019 versus fiscal 2018
the following section presents a discussion of the results of operations on a segment basis for the company's dow jones and news media segments for the two fiscal years ended june 30, 2019 as if the resegmentation discussed above had occurred on july 1, 2017.
the following table reconciles net income (loss) to total segment ebitda for the fiscal years ended june 30, 2019 and 2018:
for the fiscal years ended june 30,
2019                                                                                     2018
(in millions)
net income (loss)                                 $228                          $(1,444)
add:
income tax expense                                 126                               355
other, net                                        (33)                               324
interest expense, net                               59                                 7
equity losses of affiliates                         17                             1,006
impairment and restructuring charges               188                               351
depreciation and amortization                      659                               472
total segment ebitda                            $1,244                            $1,071
the following table sets forth the company's revenues and segment ebitda for the fiscal years ended june 30, 2019 and 2018:
for the fiscal years ended june 30,
2019                                                                                                                                                   2018
(in millions)                             revenues                      segment                     revenues                      segment ebitda                                                    ebitda digital real estate services           $1,159                         $378                       $1,141                         $401
subscription video services             2,202                          379                        1,004                          173
dow jones                               1,549                          208                        1,500                          193
book publishing                         1,754                          252                        1,758                          239
news media                              3,407                          182                        3,619                          204
other                                       3                        (155)                            2                        (139)
total                                 $10,074                       $1,244                       $9,024                       $1,071
dow jones (15% and 17% of the company's consolidated revenues in fiscal 2019 and 2018, respectively)
for the fiscal years ended june 30,
2019                                                                           2018                     change                   % change
(in millions, except %)                                                                                                    better/(worse)
revenues:
circulation and subscription                 $1,120                      $1,062                       $58                          5    %
advertising                                     393                         405                      (12)                        (3)    %
other                                            36                          33                         3                          9    %
total revenues                                1,549                       1,500                        49                          3    %
operating expenses                            (755)                       (734)                      (21)                        (3)    %
selling, general and administrative           (586)                       (573)                      (13)                        (2)    %
segment ebitda                                 $208                        $193                       $15                          8    %
for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019, revenues at the dow jones segment increased $49 million, or 3%, as compared to fiscal 2018 due to growth in circulation and subscription revenues, partially offset by a decline in print advertising revenues. digital revenues at the dow jones segment represented 63% of total revenues for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019 as compared to 60% in fiscal 2018. the impact of foreign currency fluctuations of the u.s. dollar against local currencies resulted in a revenue decrease of $7 million as compared to fiscal 2018.
circulation and subscription revenues for the fiscal years ended june 30,
2019                                                                                    2018               change                         % change
(in millions, except %)                                                                                    better/(worse)
circulation and subscription revenues:
circulation and other                                   $697                        $652                   $45                              7    %
professional information business                        423                         410       13                                           3    %
total circulation and subscription revenues           $1,120                      $1,062                   $58                              5    %
circulation and subscription revenues increased $58 million, or 5%, during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019 as compared to fiscal 2018. circulation and other revenues increased $45 million, or 7%, primarily due to higher circulation revenues of $47 million driven by growth in digital-only subscriptions and subscription price increases at the wall street journal. during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019, average daily digital-only subscriptions at the wall street journal increased 14% to 1.8 million as compared to the prior fiscal year, and digital revenues represented 55% of circulation revenue for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019. revenues at the professional information business increased $13 million, or 3%, primarily driven by a $25 million increase in risk and compliance product revenues, partially offset by lower revenues for news alerts and data and knowledge & insight products and the negative impact of foreign currency fluctuations.
the following table summarizes average daily consumer subscriptions during the fourth quarter of the fiscal years ended june 30, 2019 and 2018 for select publications and for all consumer subscription products.(a) see footnotes to the corresponding table in "results of operations-fiscal 2020 versus fiscal 2019-segment analysis-dow jones" above for more information.
for the three months ended june 30,
2019                                                              2018                     change                   % change
(in thousands, except %)                                                                                      better/(worse)
the wall street journal digital-only subscriptions         1,818                     1,590                       228                         14    %
total subscriptions                2,617                     2,475                       142                          6    %
barron's digital-only subscriptions           299                       202                        97                         48    %
total subscriptions                  579                       500                        79                         16    %
total consumer digital-only subscriptions         2,189                     1,825                       364                         20    %
total subscriptions                3,274                     3,015                       259                          9    %
________________________
(a)based on internal data for the period from april 1, 2019 to june 30, 2019, with independent assurance over global total sales and subscriptions provided by pricewaterhousecoopers llp uk.
advertising revenues advertising revenues decreased $12 million, or 3%, for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019 as compared to fiscal 2018, primarily driven by the $20 million decline in print advertising revenue driven by weakness in the print advertising market, partially offset by the $8 million increase in digital advertising revenue, which represented 40% of advertising revenue for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019.
segment ebitda for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019, segment ebitda at the dow jones segment increased $15 million, or 8%, as compared to fiscal 2018.the increase was mainly due to the increase in revenues described above, partially offset by increased employee costs, sales and marketing costs and infrastructure costs.
news media (34% and 40% of the company's consolidated revenues in fiscal 2019 and 2018, respectively)
for the fiscal years ended june 30,
2019                                                                           2018                     change                   % change
(in millions, except %)                                                                                                    better/(worse)
revenues:
circulation and subscription                 $1,008                      $1,053                     $(45)                        (4)    %
advertising                                   2,007                       2,184                     (177)                        (8)    %
other                                           392                         382                        10                          3    %
total revenues                                3,407                       3,619                     (212)                        (6)    %
operating expenses                          (2,067)                     (2,200)                       133                          6    %
selling, general and administrative         (1,158)                     (1,215)                        57                          5    %
segment ebitda                                 $182                        $204                     $(22)                       (11)    %
for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019, revenues at the news media segment decreased $212 million, or 6%, as compared to fiscal 2018. the revenue decrease was primarily due to lower advertising revenues of $177 million resulting mainly from weakness in the print advertising market, the $74 million negative impact of foreign currency fluctuations and lower revenues at news america marketing of $61 million, partially offset by digital advertising growth, primarily in australia. circulation and subscription revenues for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019 decreased $45 million as compared to fiscal 2018 mainly due to the $54 million negative impact of foreign currency fluctuations and print volume declines, partially offset by cover and subscription price increases, digital subscriber growth and the impact of the adoption of the new revenue recognition standard in australia. other revenues increased $10 million as compared to fiscal 2018 primarily due to the $38 million net benefit related to news uk's exit from the partnership for sun bets in the first quarter of fiscal 2019, partially offset by the $19 million negative impact of foreign currency fluctuations and lower brand partnership revenues in the u.k. the impact of foreign currency fluctuations of the u.s. dollar against local currencies resulted in a revenue decrease of $147 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019 as compared to fiscal 2018.
for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019, segment ebitda at the news media segment decreased $22 million, or 11%, as compared to fiscal 2018. the decrease was primarily due to the lower revenues described above, partially offset by an increased contribution from news corp australia of $9 million, primarily due to lower newsprint, production and distribution costs and cost savings initiatives.
news corp australia revenues were $1,197 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019, a decrease of $82 million, or 6%, as compared to fiscal 2018 revenues of $1,279 million. the impact of foreign currency fluctuations of the u.s. dollar against local currencies resulted in a revenue decrease of $99 million, or 7%, for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019 as compared to fiscal 2018. advertising revenues decreased $65 million, primarily due to the $56 million negative impact of foreign currency fluctuations and the $52 million impact of weakness in the print advertising market, partially offset by the $26 million increase due to digital advertising growth and a $20 million increase from the acquisition of an integrated content marketing agency. circulation and subscription revenues decreased $21 million primarily due to the $32 million negative impact of foreign currency fluctuations and print volume declines, partially offset by the impact of the adoption of the new revenue recognition standard, cover price increases and digital subscriber growth.
news uk revenues were $1,032 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019, a decrease of $44 million, or 4%, as compared to fiscal 2018 revenues of $1,076 million. the decrease was due in part to lower advertising revenues of $28 million, primarily due to weakness in the print advertising market and the $12 million negative impact of foreign currency fluctuations. circulation and subscription revenues decreased $27 million, primarily due to single-copy volume declines, mainly at the sun, and the $22 million negative impact of foreign currency fluctuations, partially offset by the impact of cover price increases across mastheads. the decrease was partially offset by higher other revenues of $11 million, mainly due to the $38 million net benefit related to the exit from the partnership for sun bets in the first quarter of fiscal 2019, partially offset by lower brand partnership revenues. the impact of foreign currency fluctuations of the u.s. dollar against local currencies resulted in a revenue decrease of $40 million, or 4%, for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019 as compared to fiscal 2018.
news america marketing revenues at news america marketing were $895 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019, a decrease of $61 million, or 6%, as compared to fiscal 2018 revenues of $956 million. the decrease was primarily related to $67 million of lower home delivered revenues, which include free-standing insert products, mainly due to lower volume.
liquidity and capital resources current financial condition the company's principal source of liquidity is internally generated funds and cash and cash equivalents on hand. as of june 30, 2020, the company's cash and cash equivalents were $1.52 billion. the company also has available borrowing capacity under the 2019 news corp credit facility (as defined below) and certain other facilities, as described below, and expects to have access to the worldwide credit and capital markets, subject to market conditions, in order to issue additional debt if needed or desired. the company currently expects these elements of liquidity will enable it to meet its liquidity needs for at least the next 12 months, including repayment of indebtedness. however, the company will continue to review its liquidity needs in light of the business and economic impacts resulting from covid-19 and has taken various steps to offset the impact of covid-19, including reducing variable costs and implementing cost savings initiatives across its businesses as discussed above. although the company believes that its cash on hand and future cash from operations, together with its access to the credit and capital markets, will provide adequate resources to fund its operating and financing needs for at least the next 12 months, its access to, and the availability of, financing on acceptable terms in the future will be affected by many factors, including: (i) the financial and operational performance of the company and/or its operating subsidiaries, as applicable; (ii) the company's credit ratings and/or the credit rating of its operating subsidiaries, as applicable; (iii) the provisions of any relevant debt instruments, credit agreements, indentures and similar or associated documents; (iv) the liquidity of the overall credit and capital markets; and (v) the state of the economy. some of these factors may be adversely impacted by covid-19 and there can be no assurances that the company will continue to have access to the credit and capital markets on acceptable terms. see part i, "item 1a. risk factors" for further discussion.
as of june 30, 2020, the company's consolidated assets included $760 million in cash and cash equivalents that were held by its foreign subsidiaries. of this amount, $153 million is cash not readily accessible by the company as it is held by rea group, a majority owned but separately listed public company. rea group must declare a dividend in order for the company to have access to its share of rea group's cash balance. the company earns income outside the u.s., which is deemed to be permanently reinvested in certain foreign jurisdictions. the company does not currently intend to repatriate these earnings. should the company require more capital in the u.s. than is generated by and/or available to its domestic operations, the company could elect to transfer funds held in foreign jurisdictions. the transfer of funds from foreign jurisdictions may be cumbersome due to local regulations, foreign exchange controls and taxes. additionally, the transfer of funds from foreign jurisdictions may result in higher effective tax rates and higher cash paid for income taxes for the company.
the principal uses of cash that affect the company's liquidity position include the following: operational expenditures including employee costs and paper purchases; capital expenditures; income tax payments; investments in associated entities; acquisitions; and the repayment of debt and related interest. in addition to the acquisitions and dispositions disclosed elsewhere, the company has evaluated, and expects to continue to evaluate, possible future acquisitions and dispositions of certain businesses. such transactions may be material and may involve cash, the issuance of the company's securities or the assumption of indebtedness.
issuer purchases of equity securities in may 2013, the company's board of directors (the "board of directors") authorized the company to repurchase up to an aggregate of $500 million of its class a common stock. no stock repurchases were made during the fiscal years ended june 30, 2020 and 2019. over the life of the program through august 3, 2020, the company cumulatively repurchased approximately 5.2 million shares of class a common stock for an aggregate cost of approximately $71 million. the remaining authorized amount under the stock repurchase program as of august 3, 2020 was approximately $429 million. all decisions regarding any future stock repurchases are at the sole discretion of a duly appointed committee of the board of directors and management. the committee's decisions regarding future stock repurchases will be evaluated from time to time in light of many factors, including the company's financial condition, earnings, capital requirements and debt facility covenants, other contractual restrictions, as well as legal requirements, regulatory constraints, industry practice, market volatility and other factors that the committee may deem relevant. the stock repurchase authorization may be modified, extended, suspended or discontinued at any time by the board of directors and the board of directors cannot provide any assurances that any additional shares will be repurchased.
the company did not purchase any of its class b common stock during the fiscal years ended june 30, 2020 and 2019.
dividends the following table summarizes the dividends declared and paid per share on both the company's class a common stock and class b common stock:
for the fiscal years ended june 30,
2020                                               2019
cash dividends paid per share         $0.20                         $0.20
the timing, declaration, amount and payment of future dividends to stockholders, if any, is within the discretion of the company's board of directors. the board of directors' decisions regarding the payment of future dividends will depend on many factors, including the company's financial condition, earnings, capital requirements and debt facility covenants, other contractual restrictions, as well as legal requirements, regulatory constraints, industry practice, market volatility and other factors that the board of directors deems relevant.
sources and uses of cash-fiscal 2020 versus fiscal 2019
net cash provided by operating activities for the fiscal years ended june 30, 2020 and 2019 was as follows (in millions):
for the fiscal years ended june 30,             2020                  2019
net cash provided by operating activities                   $780                  $928
net cash provided by operating activities decreased by $148 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2020 as compared to fiscal 2019. the decrease was primarily due to lower total segment ebitda and lower cash distributions received from affiliates of $25 million, partially offset by lower cash taxes paid of $45 million.
net cash used in investing activities for the fiscal years ended june 30, 2020 and 2019 was as follows (in millions):
for the fiscal years ended june 30,          2020                    2019
net cash used in investing activities                 $(427)                  $(677)
net cash used in investing activities was $427 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2020 as compared to net cash used in investing activities of $677 million for fiscal 2019.
during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2020, the company used $438 million of cash for capital expenditures, of which $195 million related to foxtel. the company's capital expenditures for fiscal 2021 are expected to be approximately $400 million, subject to foreign currency fluctuations.
during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019, the company used $188 million of cash for acquisitions, primarily for the acquisition of opcity, and had capital expenditures of $572 million, of which $302 million related to foxtel. the net cash used in investing activities for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019 was partially offset by proceeds from the sale of businesses and other assets.
net cash used in financing activities for the fiscal years ended june 30, 2020 and 2019 was as follows (in millions):
for the fiscal years ended june 30,          2020                    2019
net cash used in financing activities                 $(472)                  $(610)
the company had net cash used in financing activities of $472 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2020 as compared to net cash used in financing activities of $610 million for fiscal 2019. during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2020, the company repaid $1,226 million of borrowings related to foxtel and rea group, which includes repayments made as part of the debt refinancings completed in the second quarter of fiscal 2020, and made dividend payments of $158 million to news corporation stockholders and rea group minority stockholders. the net cash used in financing activities for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2020 was partially offset by new borrowings related to foxtel and rea group of $926 million, which includes drawdowns under the new facilities entered into as part of the debt refinancings referenced above, and the net settlement of hedges of $57 million. see note 9-borrowings in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019, the company repaid $1,116 million of borrowings related to foxtel and rea group, and made dividend payments of $161 million to news corporation stockholders and rea group minority stockholders. the net cash used in financing activities for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019 was partially offset by new borrowings of $681 million.
reconciliation of free cash flow available to news corporation free cash flow available to news corporation is a non-gaap financial measure defined as net cash provided by operating activities, less capital expenditures ("free cash flow"), less rea group free cash flow, plus cash dividends received from rea group. free cash flow available to news corporation should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for, cash flows from operations and other measures of financial performance reported in accordance with gaap. free cash flow available to news corporation may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies, since companies and investors may differ as to what items should be included in the calculation of free cash flow.
the company considers free cash flow available to news corporation to provide useful information to management and investors about the amount of cash that is available to be used to strengthen the company's balance sheet and for strategic opportunities including, among others, investing in the company's business, strategic acquisitions, dividend payouts and repurchasing stock. the company believes excluding rea group's free cash flow and including dividends received from rea group provides users of its consolidated financial statements with a measure of the amount of cash flow that is readily available to the company, as rea group is a separately listed public company in australia and must declare a dividend in order for the company to have access to its share of rea group's cash balance. the company believes free cash flow available to news corporation provides a more conservative view of the company's free cash flow because this presentation includes only that amount of cash the company actually receives from rea group, which has generally been lower than the company's unadjusted free cash flow.
a limitation of free cash flow available to news corporation is that it does not represent the total increase or decrease in the cash balance for the period. management compensates for the limitation of free cash flow available to news corporation by also relying on the net change in cash and cash equivalents as presented in the statements of cash flows prepared in accordance with gaap which incorporate all cash movements during the period.
the following table presents a reconciliation of net cash provided by operating activities to free cash flow available to news corporation:
for the fiscal years ended june 30,
2020                                                                                     2019
(in millions)
net cash provided by operating activities             $780                          $928
less: capital expenditures                           (438)                         (572)
342                                                                                  356
less: rea group free cash flow                       (227)                         (212)
plus: cash dividends received from rea group            65                            69
free cash flow available to news corporation          $180                          $213
free cash flow available to news corporation decreased $33 million in the fiscal year ended june 30, 2020 to $180 million from $213 million in fiscal 2019, primarily due to lower cash provided by operating activities as discussed above, partially offset by lower capital expenditures.
borrowings as of june 30, 2020, the company had total borrowings of $1.26 billion, including the current portion. the company's borrowings as of such date consist of (i) $976 million of outstanding debt incurred by certain subsidiaries of nxe australia pty limited ("foxtel" and together with such subsidiaries, the "foxtel debt group") and (ii) $165 million of outstanding debt incurred by rea group and certain of its subsidiaries (rea group and certain of its subsidiaries, the "rea debt group"). both foxtel and rea group are consolidated but non wholly-owned subsidiaries of news corp, and their indebtedness is only guaranteed by members of the foxtel debt group and rea debt group, respectively, and is non-recourse to news corp.
foxtel group borrowings in november 2019, the foxtel debt group completed a debt refinancing in which it repaid its then existing credit facilities with the proceeds from a new a$610 million revolving credit facility maturing in november 2022 (the "2019 credit facility"), a new a$250 million term loan facility maturing in november 2024 (the "2019 term loan facility") and the new a$200 million shareholder loan referenced below. in addition, the foxtel debt group amended its 2017 working capital facility which, among other things, extended the remaining term to three years, decreased the capacity under the facility from a$100 million to a$40 million and increased the applicable margin. the foxtel debt group indebtedness also includes u.s. private placement senior unsecured notes with maturities ranging from fiscal 2023 to 2025. during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2020, the foxtel debt group had repayments of approximately $1.0 billion, including the repayment of $150 million aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes maturing in july 2019, $75 million aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes maturing in september 2019 and, in connection with the refinancing discussed above, the repayment of its outstanding borrowings under its a$200 million credit facility maturing in january 2020, its a$400 million credit facility maturing in july 2020, its a$400 million credit facility maturing in september 2021 and its 2017 working capital facility. during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2020, the foxtel debt group had borrowings of approximately $809 million, including the full drawdown of amounts available under the 2019 term loan facility. as of june 30, 2020, the foxtel debt group had total undrawn commitments of a$102 million under the 2017 working capital facility and the 2019 credit facility, for which it pays a commitment fee of 45% of the applicable margin. the company previously provided the foxtel debt group with a$500 million of shareholder loans in fiscal 2019, as described below, and provided an additional a$400 million of shareholder loans and facilities in fiscal 2020. the shareholder loans bear interest at a variable rate of the australian bbsy plus an applicable margin ranging from 6.30% to 7.75% and mature in december 2027. the shareholder revolving credit facility bears interest at a variable rate of the australian bbsy plus an applicable margin ranging from 2.00% to 3.75%, depending on the foxtel debt group's net leverage ratio, and matures in july 2024. additionally, in february 2020, the foxtel debt group entered into an a$170 million subordinated shareholder loan facility agreement with telstra which can be used to finance cable transmission costs due to telstra. the shareholder loan bears interest at a variable rate of the australian bbsy plus an applicable margin of 7.75% and matures in december 2027. the company excluded the $11 million utilization of the telstra facility for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2020 from the statement of cash flows because it is non-cash.
during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019, the foxtel debt group had repayments of $1.03 billion, including the repayment of its a$300 million facility maturing in april 2019 and the repayment of its a$200 million facility maturing in may 2019, and borrowings of $681 million. the repayments of the a$300 million facility maturing in april 2019 and the a$200 million facility maturing in may 2019 were repaid using a$500 million of shareholder loans provided by the company.
rea group borrowings during the second quarter of fiscal 2020, rea group completed a debt refinancing in which it repaid the final a$240 million tranche of its a$480 million revolving loan facility with the proceeds of a new a$170 million unsecured syndicated revolving loan facility maturing in december 2021 (the "2019 rea group credit facility") and cash on hand. as of june 30, 2020, rea group had drawn down the full a$170 million available under the 2019 rea group credit facility.
in april 2020, rea group entered into a new a$148.5 million working capital facility and an a$20 million overdraft facility. refer to note 9-borrowings for further discussion.
during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019, rea group repaid a$120 million for its unsecured loan facility due december 2018.
news corp revolving credit facility in december 2019, the company terminated its existing unsecured $650 million revolving credit facility and entered into a new credit agreement (the "2019 credit agreement") which provides for an unsecured $750 million revolving credit facility (the "2019 news corp credit facility") that can be used for general corporate purposes. the 2019 news corp credit facility has a sublimit of $100 million available for issuances of letters of credit. under the 2019 credit agreement, the company may request increases in the amount of the facility up to a maximum amount of $1 billion. the lenders' commitments to make the 2019 news corp credit facility available terminate on december 12, 2024, and the company may request that the commitments be extended under certain circumstances for up to two additional one-year periods. as of june 30, 2020, the company has not borrowed any funds under the 2019 news corp credit facility.
all of the company's borrowings contain customary representations, covenants and events of default. the company was in compliance with all such covenants at june 30, 2020.
see note 9-borrowings in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further details regarding the company's outstanding debt, including certain information about interest rates and maturities related to such debt arrangements.
commitments the company has commitments under certain firm contractual arrangements ("firm commitments") to make future payments. these firm commitments secure the future rights to various assets and services to be used in the normal course of operations.
the following table summarizes the company's material firm commitments as of june 30, 2020:
as of june 30, 2020
payments due by period total                less than 1                  1-3 years                  3-5 years                  more than year                                                                          5 years
(in millions)
purchase obligations(a)                                    $904                     $316                       $343                       $133                       $112
sports programming rights(b)                              1,790                      408                        665                        363                        354
programming costs(c)                                        781                      209                        370                        182                         20
operating leases(d)
transmission costs(e)                                       215                       27                         52                         42                         94
land and buildings                                        1,343                      138                        273                        227                        705
plant and machinery                                          21                        9                         10                          2                          -
finance leases transmission costs(e)                                       128                       31                         55                         42                          -
borrowings(f)                                             1,141                       48                        761                        321                         11
interest payments on borrowings(g)                          107                       39                         53                         15                          -
total commitments and contractual obligations            $6,430                   $1,225                     $2,582                     $1,327                     $1,296
________________________
(a)the company has commitments under purchase obligations related to minimum subscriber guarantees for license fees, printing contracts, capital projects, marketing agreements, production services and other legally binding commitments.
(b)the company has sports programming rights commitments with the national rugby league, australian football league, cricket australia, domestic football league and australian rugby union as well as certain other broadcast rights which are payable through fiscal 2028. during june 2020, the company amended and extended its sports programming rights agreement with the national rugby league to license certain media rights through fiscal 2028 for approximately a$1.5 billion.
(c)the company has programming rights commitments with various suppliers for programming content.
(d)the company leases office facilities, warehouse facilities, printing plants, satellite services and equipment. these leases, which are classified as operating leases, are expected to be paid at certain dates through fiscal 2048. this amount includes approximately $13 million of office facilities that have been subleased from fox corporation. amounts reflected represent only the company's lease obligations for which it has firm commitments.
(e)the company has contractual commitments for satellite transmission services. the company's satellite transponder services arrangements extend through fiscal 2032 and are accounted for as operating or finance leases, based on the underlying terms of those arrangements.
(f)see note 9-borrowings in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
(g)reflects the company's expected future interest payments on borrowings outstanding and interest rates applicable at june 30, 2020. such rates are subject to change in future periods. see note 9-borrowings in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
the company has certain contracts to purchase newsprint, ink and plates that require the company to purchase a percentage of its total requirements for production. since the quantities purchased annually under these contracts are not fixed and are based on the company's total requirements, the amount of the related payments for these purchases is excluded from the table above.
the table also excludes the company's pension obligations, other postretirement benefits ("opeb") obligations and the liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits for uncertain tax positions as the company is unable to reasonably predict the ultimate amount and timing of the commitments. the company made contributions of $30 million and $16 million to its pension plans in fiscal 2020 and fiscal 2019, respectively. future plan contributions are dependent upon actual plan asset returns and interest rates and statutory requirements. the company anticipates that it will make contributions of approximately $22 million in fiscal 2021, assuming that actual plan asset returns are consistent with the company's expected returns in fiscal 2020 and beyond, and that interest rates remain constant. the company will continue to make voluntary contributions as necessary to improve the funded status of the plans. payments due to participants under the company's pension plans are primarily paid out of underlying trusts. payments due under the company's opeb plans are not required to be funded in advance, but are paid as medical costs are incurred by covered retiree populations, and are principally dependent upon the future cost of retiree medical benefits under the company's opeb plans. the company expects its opeb payments to approximate $9 million in fiscal 2021. see note 18-retirement benefit obligations in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
contingencies the company routinely is involved in various legal proceedings, claims and governmental inspections or investigations, including those discussed in note 17-commitments and contingencies in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. the outcome of these matters and claims is subject to significant uncertainty, and the company often cannot predict what the eventual outcome of pending matters will be or the timing of the ultimate resolution of these matters. fees, expenses, fines, penalties, judgments or settlement costs which might be incurred by the company in connection with the various proceedings could adversely affect its results of operations and financial condition.
the company establishes an accrued liability for legal claims when it determines that a loss is both probable and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. once established, accruals are adjusted from time to time, as appropriate, in light of additional information. the amount of any loss ultimately incurred in relation to matters for which an accrual has been established may be higher or lower than the amounts accrued for such matters. legal fees associated with litigation and similar proceedings are expensed as incurred. the company recognizes gain contingencies when the gain becomes realized or realizable. see note 17-commitments and contingencies in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
the company's tax returns are subject to on-going review and examination by various tax authorities. tax authorities may not agree with the treatment of items reported in the company's tax returns, and therefore the outcome of tax reviews and examinations can be unpredictable. the company believes it has appropriately accrued for the expected outcome of uncertain tax matters and believes such liabilities represent a reasonable provision for taxes ultimately expected to be paid. however, these liabilities may need to be adjusted as new information becomes known and as tax examinations continue to progress, or as settlements or litigations occur.
critical accounting policies an accounting policy is considered to be critical if it is important to the company's financial condition and results of operations and if it requires significant judgment and estimates on the part of management in its application. the development and selection of these critical accounting policies have been determined by management of the company. see note 2-summary of significant accounting policies in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
long-lived assets the company's long-lived assets include goodwill, finite-lived and indefinite-lived intangible assets and property, plant and equipment. assets acquired in business combinations are recorded at their estimated fair value at the date of acquisition. goodwill is recorded as the difference between the cost of acquiring an entity and the estimated fair values assigned to its tangible and identifiable intangible net assets and is assigned to one or more reporting units for purposes of testing for impairment.
determining the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed requires management's judgment and often involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions, including assumptions with respect to future cash inflows and outflows, discount rates, asset lives and market multiples, among other items. identifying reporting units and assigning goodwill to them requires judgment involving the aggregation of business units with similar economic characteristics and the identification of existing business units that benefit from the acquired goodwill. the judgments made in determining the estimated fair value assigned to each class of long-lived assets acquired, their reporting unit, as well as their useful lives can significantly impact net income. the company allocates goodwill to disposed businesses using the relative fair value method.
goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets the company tests goodwill and indefinite-lived intangibles for impairment on an annual basis in the fourth quarter and at other times if a significant event or change in circumstances indicates that it is more likely than not that the fair value of these assets has been reduced below their carrying value. the company uses its judgment in assessing whether assets may have become impaired between annual impairment assessments. indicators such as unexpected adverse economic factors, unanticipated technological change or competitive activities, loss of key personnel and acts by governments and courts, may signal that an asset has become impaired.
under asc 350, in assessing goodwill for impairment, the company has the option to first perform a qualitative assessment to determine whether events or circumstances exist that lead to a determination that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. if the company determines that it is not more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, the company is not required to perform any additional tests in assessing goodwill for impairment. however, if the company concludes otherwise or elects not to perform the qualitative assessment, then it is required to perform a quantitative analysis to determine the fair value of the business, and compare the calculated fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount, including goodwill. the company determines the fair value of a reporting unit primarily by using both a discounted cash flow analysis and market-based valuation approach.
determining fair value requires the exercise of significant judgments, including judgments about appropriate discount rates, long-term growth rates, relevant comparable company earnings multiples and the amount and timing of expected future cash flows. during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020, as part of the company's long-range planning process, the company completed its annual goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment test.
the performance of the company's annual impairment analysis in fiscal 2020 resulted in $89 million of impairments to goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets within the news media segment. the fair values of the company's reporting units in fiscal 2020 exceeded the respective carrying values in a range from approximately 0.0% to 53.0%. significant unobservable inputs utilized in the income approach valuation method were discount rates (ranging from 9.0% to 22.5%), long-term growth rates (ranging from 0.0% to 3.0%) and royalty rates (ranging from 0.25%-6.0%). significant unobservable inputs utilized in the market approach valuation method were ebitda multiples from guideline public companies operating in similar industries and control premiums (ranging from 5.0%-10.0%). significant increases (decreases) in royalty rates, growth rates, control premiums and multiples, assuming no change in discount rates, would result in a significantly higher (lower) fair value measurement. significant decreases (increases) in discount rates, assuming no changes in royalty rates, growth rates, control premiums and multiples, would result in a significantly higher (lower) fair value measurement.
as of june 30, 2020, the subscription video services and news media segments had reporting units with goodwill of approximately $908 million that is at-risk for future impairment, of which $807 million relates to the subscription video services segment and $101 million relates to the news media segment. after the write-down of goodwill resulting from the fiscal 2020 annual and interim impairment tests, the fair values of these reporting units with goodwill at risk equaled their respective carrying values. significant unobservable inputs utilized in the income approach valuation method for at-risk reporting units were discount rates (ranging from 10.5% to 13.0%) and long-term growth rates (ranging from 0.0% to 2.5%). significant unobservable inputs utilized in the market approach valuation method for at-risk reporting units were ebitda multiples from guideline public companies operating in similar industries and a control premium of 5.0% to 10.0%. any increase in the discount rate or decrease in the projected cash flows terminal growth rate would have resulted in further impairment in certain reporting units of the subscription video services and news media segments. the company will continue to monitor its goodwill for possible future impairment.
property, plant and equipment the company evaluates the carrying value of property, plant and equipment for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset group may not be recoverable, in accordance with asc 360, "property, plant, and equipment" ("asc 360"). an asset group is the lowest level of assets and liabilities for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities. events or circumstances that might warrant an impairment recoverability review include, among other things, material declines in operating performance, significant adverse market conditions and planned changes in the use of an asset group.
in determining whether the carrying value of an asset group is recoverable, the company estimates undiscounted future cash flows over the estimated life of the primary asset of the asset group. the estimates of such future cash flows require estimating such factors as future operating performance, market conditions and the estimated holding period of each asset. if all or a portion of the carrying value of an asset group is found to be non-recoverable, the company records an impairment charge equal to the difference between the asset group's carrying value and its fair value. the company generally measures fair value by considering sales prices for similar assets or by discounting estimated future cash flows using an appropriate discount rate. typical assumptions applied when using a market-based approach include projected ebitda and related multiples. typical assumptions applied when using an income approach include projected free cash flows, discount rates and long-term growth rates. all of these assumptions are made by management based on the best available information at the time of the estimates and are subject to deviations from actual results. as a result of the long range planning process and the short term impact of covid-19, the company recorded non-cash impairment charges to its property, plant and equipment of $148 million and $55 million at its u.k. newspapers and australian newspapers reporting units, respectively, in fiscal 2020. significant unobservable inputs utilized in the income approach valuation method for news uk were a discount rate of 9.5% and a long-term growth rate of (1.0)% and for news corp australia were a discount rate of 11.5% and a 0.0% long term growth rate. refer to note 7-property, plant and equipment.
programming costs costs incurred in acquiring program rights are accounted for in accordance with asc 920, "entertainment-broadcasters." program rights and the related liabilities are recorded at the gross amount of the liabilities when the license period has begun, the cost of the program is determinable and the program is accepted and available for airing. programming costs are amortized based on the expected pattern of consumption over the license period or expected useful life of each program. the pattern of consumption is based primarily on consumer viewership information as well as other factors. if initial airings are expected to generate higher viewership, an accelerated method of amortization is used. the company monitors its programming amortization policy on an ongoing basis and any impact arising from changes to the policy would be recognized prospectively. the company regularly reviews its programming assets to ensure they continue to reflect net realizable value. changes in circumstances may result in a write-down of the asset to fair value. the company has single and multi-year contracts for broadcast rights of sporting events. the costs of sports contracts are primarily charged to expense over the respective season as events are aired. for sports contracts with dedicated channels, the company amortizes the sports programming rights costs over 12 months.
while the company has concluded discussions with various sports leagues regarding the scheduling of sports events and cost concessions and a number of sports have resumed play, any future postponement of sports events for which the company has broadcast rights will cause a deferral of the recognition of the associated programming amortization expense for the period in which no live games are being played.
income taxes the company is subject to income taxes in the u.s. and various foreign jurisdictions in which it operates and records its tax provision for the anticipated tax consequences in its reported results of operations. tax laws are complex and subject to different interpretations by the taxpayer and respective governmental taxing authorities. significant judgment is required in determining the company's tax expense and in evaluating its tax positions including evaluating uncertainties as promulgated under asc 740, "income taxes."
the company's annual tax rate is based primarily on its geographic income and statutory tax rates in the various jurisdictions in which it operates. significant management judgment is required in determining the company's provision for income taxes, deferred tax assets and liabilities and the valuation allowance recorded against the company's net deferred tax assets, if any. in assessing the likelihood of realization of deferred tax assets, management considers estimates of the amount and character of future taxable income. the company's actual effective tax rate and income tax expense could vary from estimated amounts due to the future impacts of various items, including changes in income tax laws, tax planning and the company's forecasted financial condition and results of operations in future periods. although the company believes current estimates are reasonable, actual results could differ from these estimates.
the company recognizes tax benefits from uncertain tax positions only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. the tax benefits recognized in the consolidated financial statements from such positions are then measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. significant management judgment is required to determine whether the recognition threshold has been met and, if so, the appropriate amount of unrecognized tax benefits to be recorded in the consolidated financial statements. management re-evaluates tax positions each period in which new information about recognition or measurement becomes available. the company's policy is to recognize, when applicable, interest and penalties on unrecognized income tax benefits as part of income tax (expense) benefit.
retirement benefit obligations the company's employees participate in various defined benefit pension and postretirement plans sponsored by the company and its subsidiaries. see note 18-retirement benefit obligations in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
the company records amounts relating to its pension and other postretirement benefit plans based on calculations specified by gaap. the measurement and recognition of the company's pension and other postretirement benefit plans require the use of significant management judgments, including discount rates, expected return on plan assets, mortality and other actuarial assumptions. net periodic benefit costs (income) is calculated based upon a number of actuarial assumptions, including a discount rate for plan obligations, an expected rate of return on plan assets and mortality rates. current market conditions, including changes in investment returns and interest rates, were considered in making these assumptions. in developing the expected long-term rate of return, the pension portfolio's past average rate of returns, and future return expectations of the various asset classes were considered. the weighted average expected long-term rate of return of 3.7% for fiscal 2021 is based on a weighted average target asset allocation assumption of 20% equities, 71% fixed-income securities and 9% cash and other investments.
the company recorded $7 million and $(2) million in net periodic benefit costs (income) in the statements of operations for the fiscal years ended june 30, 2020 and 2019, respectively. the company utilizes the full yield-curve approach to estimate the service and interest cost components of net periodic benefit costs for its pension and other postretirement benefit plans.
although the discount rate used for each plan will be established and applied individually, a weighted average discount rate of 2.0% will be used in calculating the fiscal 2021 net periodic benefit costs (income). the discount rate reflects the market rate for high-quality fixed-income investments on the company's annual measurement date of june 30 and is subject to change each fiscal year. the discount rate assumptions used to account for pension and other postretirement benefit plans reflect the rates at which the benefit obligations could be effectively settled. the rate was determined by matching the company's expected benefit payments for the plans to a hypothetical yield curve developed using a portfolio of several hundred high-quality non-callable corporate bonds. the weighted average discount rate is volatile from year to year because it is determined based upon the prevailing rates in the u.s., the u.k., australia and other foreign countries as of the measurement date.
the key assumptions used in developing the company's fiscal 2020 and 2019 net periodic benefit costs (income) for its plans consist of the following:
2020                                                                                                                            2019
(in millions, except %)
weighted average assumptions used to determine net periodic benefit costs (income):
discount rate for pbo                                                                             2.6%                          3.2%
discount rate for service cost                                                                    2.6%                          3.9%
discount rate for interest on pbo                                                                 2.3%                          2.9%
discount rate for interest on service cost                                                        2.2%                          3.6%
assets:
expected rate of return                                                                           4.6%                          4.7%
expected return                                                                                    $59                           $61
actual return                                                                                     $110                           $77
gain/(loss)                                                                                        $51                           $16
one year actual return                                                                            8.8%                          5.9%
five year actual return                                                                           7.0%                          6.7%
the company will use a weighted average long-term rate of return of 3.7% for fiscal 2021 based principally on a combination of current asset mix and an expectation of future long term investment returns. the accumulated net pre-tax losses on the company's pension plans as of june 30, 2020 were approximately $529 million which increased from approximately $484 million for the company's pension plans as of june 30, 2019. this increase of $45 million was primarily due to decreased discount rates. lower discount rates increase present values of benefit obligations and increase the company's deferred losses and also increase subsequent-year benefit costs. higher discount rates decrease the present values of benefit obligations and reduce the company's accumulated net loss and have a minimal impact on benefit costs. these deferred losses are being systematically recognized in future net periodic benefit costs (income) in accordance with asc 715, "compensation-retirement benefits." unrecognized losses for the primary plans in excess of 10% of the greater of the market-related value of plan assets or the plan's projected benefit obligation are recognized over the average life expectancy for plan participants for the primary plans.
the company made contributions of $30 million and $16 million to its funded pension plans in fiscal 2020 and 2019, respectively. future plan contributions are dependent upon actual plan asset returns, statutory requirements and interest rate movements. assuming that actual plan returns are consistent with the company's expected plan returns in fiscal 2020 and beyond, and that interest rates remain constant, the company anticipates that it will make contributions of approximately $22 million in fiscal 2021. the company will continue to make voluntary contributions as necessary to improve the funded status of the plans. see note 19-other postretirement benefits in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
changes in net periodic benefit costs may occur in the future due to changes in the company's expected rate of return on plan assets and discount rate resulting from economic events. the following table highlights the sensitivity of the company's pension obligations and expense to changes in these assumptions, assuming all other assumptions remain constant:
changes in assumption   impact on annual           impact on projected pension expense            benefit obligation
0.25 percentage point decrease in discount rate   increase $2 million        increase $69 million
0.25 percentage point increase in discount rate   -                          decrease $62 million
0.25 percentage point decrease in expected rate of return on assets   increase $3 million        -
0.25 percentage point increase in expected rate of return on assets   decrease $3 million        -
recent accounting pronouncements see note 2-summary of significant accounting policies in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
